σι

10

[21] THE PROOF OF THE APOSTOLIC PREACHING $ 19-20. 673

[ipli puppis Hua: Le [ipfi saepe do lo ‏ܢܘܬ‎ be epp mp [eg Le ble
luba ‏:ܐ ` :86 ܨ ܬܨ:ܨ܀‎ bbppo μηρη περ [o τρια εἶν, ια ‏ܬܙܨܪܐ‎ ιδ να, μυ να p,
πο Vannes. pscing nghi doch ‏ܢܐ‎ nsnpeni : 6 μιμιμωμεῆενε [Hoa agli
ποσο ο πμ πμ ασ
‏ܘܐ ܨܘܘܙܐܨܙܐ4:ܙ ܨܘ‎ ονομα : ‏.ܬܐܐ‎ Εάν Όρυρ αρηβρῖ nip ES, aus Le Gupbl, npn qup-
Abo ΙΙ ΣΑ ἦν διαμη μή emp LR:

20. Ug pomme 0 0 lun. Le plume ph μαυρο ει [ub ducta
peut [ερ ἡπρδομῖν. path ‏ܘܘܘܙܘܢܐ̈ :ܐ‎ pevahpnqughohis, op sp Toni, Srqg nuplu]
‏ܝ‎ ας
be 7 10 lando: 0 be ahi, np be 0 quiuis lglc, mdbhibgnch
σσ Ισ dim npn angi? σσ abl,
10703 Le μη δια 2 s Pal Hl be Drap] lrpripp npe niii m. Sup
peopliupuginm bah Qul au pbm fil ε Up, ph uides, qup Ἐν qm
&nnphi Va 7 ` rali lid dried 00 » 5 : Amal
gea par papel queul app ‏ܨܘ :ܨܐ ܐ‎ bplipls, E goplqpomnei μαμὰ [y duagpnmmm
‏:ܐܬܘܨ ܢܐܐ ܨ ܘܗ‎ μερος be shui ελομνουδας qq inpia, dual] τε μια :
Ῥωΐην Ῥωλωίνμηρ be Planughp ‏ܬܘܐ‎ Phplaqugp be Rhuugbp be Usmqpqug[p be

1.018. f*. 25.

found righteous. Because of his righteousness he was saved delivered toge-
ther with his wife, his three sons and the three wives of his sons, being shut
up in the ark with all the animals, which God commanded Noah to take
into the ark, and when all perished, both men and animals that were
upon the earth, he was delivered who was keptinthe ark. The three sons
of Noah were Sem, Cham and Japliet, by whom again the race was multi-
plied, for the men who were after the flood take their beginning from these.

90. But of these one fell nnder the curse and two inherited the blessing
by their works, for the younger of these who was called Cham mocked his
father and for the enmity and comtempt shown liis father was condemned for
the sin of ungodliness and fell underthecurse. — le brought upon his whole
offspring the same curse and so it liappened that after him his whole progeny
were accursed and grew and were multiplied being into sin, but Sliem and
Japhet his brethen for the goodness shown their father, received a blessing.
Now the curse with which Noah his father eursed Cham was this, « Cursed be
the child Cham, let him be the servant of his brethren »'. This reached to
his race and he had much offspring on the earth, who grew wild for fourteen
generations, then God reaped them giving them for judgement in the hand of

1. Gen., ix, 25.

* 230 νο,

* 230 v*.
