10

κ. THE PROOF OE THE APOSTOLIC PREACHING $ 2-3. 061

μα μι θῖν mno : Be imn ‏ܨܐܐ ܢܨ ܙ ܨ«‎ Ισ ‏ܙ‎ 46: “un μι
wal; ο πλ
ο ΣΕ ατα.
ο. ο ‏ܨܐܐ :ܘܨ ܐܙܙܙܙܐܙ ܐܐ‎ μαμα ‏ܐܬ ܙܐ » > ܐܡ‎
‏ܕܐܐ‎ » 2. pq pp ‏}ܛ‎ Voraus ἧς ‏ܐܙܘܙ‎ up Fh δρυ s » an p
9 330 77 ἧς pug ο Πα qunm [as ἔμιμνε δὴ
ΣΝ
» ‏ܐܐ‎ qfi dac ἧς Paume αν Le duc Ul, app ‏ܨܘ‎ nd πρ ναν mq Le
ποτ πο σσ σπα σσ.
ο ΙΙ ΤΟ μμ ..
dino onn], ‏ܬܢܐ‎ κα ο my prp νο, Hdi gus η πηι qq :

3. Cp ab p orga μῆς plug egg ‏»ܐܙ« ܙ :ܙܐܬ‎ Sanamnge quan mg
uquqan[idp be able qup pha: Con dog Gunn Cou Le ‏ܢܐ ܢܐܨܐܳܨܐ‎ [
foil, gb Sep ‏ܙܐ ,ܕܐ‎ fip] qu qe agp ‏ܕܐ‎ : Up mni ‏ܙ‎ ΣΣ
pea. « llle ο Ισ Le ἧς [o dun mn php » '. be qSmnannah
ορ pull Sco ο qon: ‏ܐܨ‎ ipe

>

1. lui . 71.1 1. -π- Ὁ. Bip. (2. 14. — ἢ. Lu...

united and striving together to turn man towards the face of God.  Therelore
the Holy Gost says by by the mouth of David « Blessed is the man that
walketh not iu the counsel of the ungodly »', that is, to the counsel of
the nations that know not God, because they aro ungodly wlio do not worship
truly. existing God. For this reason the Word says to Moses, | AM 11110
AM?. Therefore those that worship not the living God are the ungodly :
« Not stundeth in the way of sinners. » ‘The sinners are those who have
kuowledge of God but do not keep His commandments ; that is the rejecters
and despisers. » « Nor sitteth in the seat of the pestilential men. » The
scornful are those who pervert not only themselves but others by teachings
that are perverse and sprung from an bad source. Because « seat »
signifies a place of instruction. All hereties are such. — "They are seated
in the seat of the pest and those who receive the poison of their teachings
are perverted.

3. Therefore that we may not suller any such thing, we are obliged to
keep the Rule of Faith unchanged and to keep the commandments of God,
believing in God and fearing Επι for Ile is the Lord; and loving llim be-
cause Île is the Father. But obedience eomes from faith, for Isaiah
says. « ll you not believe, you will not understand it? » : Truth begets
faith, because faith is founded on the things that are real that we may

1. Ps., 1, I. — 2. Esod., ii, 14. — ὃν ἴδιν vit, 9 according to the LXX.

E
