668 S. IRENAEUS. 16]

bout db ‏ܚ‎ Lou 814 : Up, Ep nup la. <: Uu ‏ܕ( ܚ‎

qb iughnghly, np l ᾗύμιας pli] ‏ܚ‎ urdlhlignch DOTE H 7 dl.áu ui ‏ܣܝ‎
‎Y `

ܝܝܚ ܐܐܐ :ܙ ‎acad‏ 1 ܒܚ ‎penc αμ πρι α ναι uuu‏ :ܙ

Un LEE 0.1 ΠΠ πηι Περί], RL NT lès 5 b. Eph l ‏ܝܝ‎ LL qopbodp Sun μα pl

. Caunes du ‏ܡ‎ np ‏ܝ ܣܝ‎ ὑι inbun pl h ΠΠ ‏ܨܐܐ ܙ«‎ qun

qe op ο Πα...
pli Spot Sphzandpnnghac :

13, Cp np prophe δν bplip[ loc mgag, op rdg udi, quib]upupmp
Μπ αλα.
ge loo ἐμαμίν νι ple, [alg mbph, ‏ܐܨܨ‎ Soph, dnpppli Ep, pal qu Ep, be
ops lc ipd Ep Tibur ‏ܐܠܐܗ‎ να! ajoute ‏ܐ‎ pmpl [ch qup ‏܇‎ ὃν ‏ܐܨܘ‎ abmiat
liu Le ibm cio: ‏ܘܙ ܘܗܘܨܘܢܐ‎ Hr quil Ip ehe]? ο pr 9964
λα Tidi capu, llli Pluie, poca, ‏,)ܐܙ :)ܐ‎ milpnp,
spa, Popp, gelé ben ουν on ‏ܢܐ‎ ον Εν νο nnam ibn, Li
Jprronm iilincli L αὗται : δι ‏ܒ‎ τοι br. ‏ܝ‎ 3. ΩΣ Pull Uum 6)
ΟΕ Εμ,
‏ܐܵܨ ܨܐܐܐ‎ μα ΜΕ...
Lab: pho oni mire Απ ως
‏ܙ ܐ‎ ΕΤ Τα.

created by God that he might rule over all things that are on the earth. 05
this great created world, which was prepared before tlie creation of man, was
given man as his dwelling, having in it every thing. And here were tlie ser-
vanis of God who created all things, each in his own work.  llere also the

93? v*. Steward-Rular possessed this place and was appointed over his fellow servants.

The servants were the angels and the Steward-ftuler was the Archangeol.

12. Then in making man master of the earth and of all that is init, [de
also secretely appointed him lord over those who were servants in it. But
lhey were in their perfection, but the lord, that is man, was a little one, ἃ
child. Aud it was necessary and proper that he, as he grew up, should
reach perfection. And that his nourishment and growth might be pleasant and
easy, 110 prepared for him a better place than this earth. It excelled in climate,
beauty, light, food, plants, fruits, waters, and all other things necessary for
lile, and its name was Paradise. And so beautiful and good was Paradise.
The Word of God was always going about, walking and speaking with man
about the future to Impress on his mind beforehand that which would come
to pass, so that he might live with. him, speak with him, abide with men,
teaching them righteonsness. ub man was à child without perfect under-
standing and for that reason he was casily deceived hy. the deceiver,

—

0
