656 S. IRENAEUS. η]

1 am convinced that (1 is a faitliful one, for Dr. Wilson being an armenian
scholar, was qualified to understand the ancient text, and my knowledge of
english enables me to allirm that the english version is a faithlul rendering
of the original, and wherever it differs from the german translation, the
changes are made for the sake of greater accuracy.

In the german edition, we left undetermiued the question, whether the
armenian text is a translation from the syrian or from the greek. — Those,
however, who have studied the subject, agree that itis a translation from the
greck. As to the date, we have already stated our opinion that i! must
have been translated sometime between the middle of the 7" and the begin-
ning of the 8" century. Prof. Conybeare would date it from the 5" cen-
tury, the golden age of armenian literature. We bave, however, good
reason io doubt that many of the books so freely ascribed to the golden
age, really belong to that period. Modern criticism demonstrates tliat most

" century, or even later. We

of these wrilings are of ihe so-called sterile 6
have now, however, proof that the translation is of an earlier date. In
November 1911, when visiting the Monastery of St. Stephen, of Daras-
hambi, which is situated on the banks of the Arras, just within the bor-
ders of Azerbijan, 1 discovered among the 123 Manuscripts preserved there,
one which had been hitherto unknown. IL is a collection of quotations
from the writings of the Fathers of the Early Church, made in the time of
the Catholicos Comitas. Its object was to prove the armeniau doctrine of
the natures of Christ. It contains, among other writings, seven fragments
from Irenaeus, the second of which is a quotation from this very « Proof of
the Apostolie Teaching ». The differences are merely verbal. (13. edition,
chap. xxxi, page 24). As the Pontificate of Comitas Catholicos was from
612 to 623, we necessarily conclude that the present work of Irenaeus was
translated into armenian before or during bis Pontificate, perhaps indeed
as early as the fifth. century, as Conybeare thinks, though it seems more
probable that it dates from the time of Comitas or thereabout. This new
text confirms our previous opinion that the writiugs of Irenaeus were used
to prove the natures of Christ. In the sixth. century this question of the
natures of Christ began to occupy the Armenians, and all through the cen-
tury, the authority of Comitas was very considerable.

Those who have studied this work are of opinion that it is the oldest
compendium of the christian doctrine in existence. Some, indeed, have
expressed their disappointment that it contains no new historical or reli-
gious facts, yet it is admittedly of the greatest value, coming as it does from
tlie pen. of one of the most illustrious Fathers of the second century, and
being at the same time ‘a compendium of the christian opinions of that age.
115 translation into european languages is a necessary condition of its
