PREFACE

As already stated in the German edition, I discovered this new work
of lrenaeus, in December 1904 in Erivan, where | was Vicar of the
Catholieos. 1 was at that time studying the manuscripts preserved in the
library of the Chureh of the Holy Mother of God in that city and in one of these
manuscripts 1 found the present long lost work wich Eusebius mentions in the
26" chapter of his Church Ilistory, and which had been previously unknown.
It eontains besides, together with a few minor writings, the fourth and fifth
Books of the celebrated work of Irenaeus, « Against the Hereties », which
were hitherto unknown in an armenian translation.

In the 13" century, between 1270 and 1289, the manuscript was eopied
under the superintendence of Archbishop Iloannes, the younger brother of
Maitun, the Cilician king of Armenia, he is author of several works, still
extant. It was however, only a year later, after I had ceased to be Vicar
at Erivan, and had returned to Etchmiadziu, that 1 was able to begin the
preparation of an edition of the new work for the press. There Doetor
Ervand Ter-Minassiantz was associated with me in translating it into ger-
man, and publishing it in that language. The celebrated Prof. Adolf
llarnack divided it, later on, into chapters, and added to it a supplement
with notes, and in this form, the armenian text and the german translation
were published in Leipzig, 1907. (Des Heiligen Irenaeus Sehrift zum
Erweise der apostolischen Verkündignng, herausgegeben und ins deut-
sche übersetz von Lic. Dr. Karapet Ter Mekerttschian und Lie. Dr.
Erwand Ter Minassiantz, Leipsig, 1907). A year later, in 1908, the
second german edition was published in the same place, while in Baku,
in 1907, Prof. Dumcem of the German Gymnasia and I, prepared a rus-
sian edition of the same work, but it was never published, as we found
that a russian translation had been already made by Prof. Sagrada
and printed in the Monthly Magazine of the Sacred Seminary of St. Peters-
bourg. In the following year, when residing in Tabriz as Bishop of Azer-
bijan, 1 proposed to Dr. S. G. Wilson that we should prepare conjointly an
english translation. The translation is now ready for publication, and
