‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. 7100]‏ 272
‎so‏ ,+ ܒܚܕ ܬܐܘܣܦܬܐ ܗܳܝ ‎VD?‏ ܚܟܚܡܬܐ ܘܣܟܘܠܬܢܝܬܐ.. ‎δι‏ ܕܟܠ ܢܫ
ܐܝܟ ܕܨܒܐ ‎«οι‏ ܠܘ ܡܢ ‎Jos‏ ܘܠܘ ܡܢ ‎Heu!‏ ܠܝܗܘܒܐ ܓܚܪ ‎χω bc‏
ܐܠܗܐ܀ ܟܬܒܐܼ ܕܝܢ ‎ολλ où‏ ܡܢܝ: ܠܘܩܒܠ ܦܘܩܩܝܐ ܗܪܛܢ ܩܐ
ܕܓܪܡܛܝܩܘܣ ‎"δαν‏ ܟܕ ܙܒܢ̈ܚܝܢ ‎Mm‏ ܬܟܬܒܘܢܼ ‎Άκη‏ ܠܟܘܢ ‎ro‏
‎sos‏ ܡܠܚܐܝܬ ‎ο ο‏ ܗܝ ܟܕ ܗܝ ‎cr‏ ܗܘܝܬܘܢ.. ܗܝ ܕܗ̇ܢܘܢ ‎NS.‏
‏ܚܠܝܡܐ ܘܕܫܦܝܪ ‎sua do‏ ܘܝܠܫܦ ܗܥܝܢ ܕܩܪܒ ܐ ̇. ‎€ÓÓ‏ ܕܒ ܝܣ .ܕܪܐ
‎μ᾿‏ ܟܕ ‎jJ‏ ܥܕܟܝܠ ܒܙܝܢܐ ‎opt]‏ ܗܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܒܥܘܕܪܢܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ܂ ‎δον αὐ‏
‎De y‏ ܒܨܝܪܐ: ܘܛܒܐܝܬ ܡܶܢ ܐܬܟܦܬܒ: ܛܒ ܐܝܬ ܕܝܝܢ ܐܬܦܚܡ ‎Lys y‏
‎ελα]: σοι‏ ܟܕ ‎Lacs “ge‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܘܥܠ ܠܘܬ ܕܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ‎J 3k»‏
ܐܣܬܢܩ. ‎ye‏ ܕܠܡܐܡܪ ܠܝ ܥܣܝܼܩ ‎Jie Ns.‏ ܡܛܠ ‎μὶ ass 2à‏
ܕܘܟܬܐ ܡܝܢ ܕܘܩܬܐ܆. ܘܠܐ ܫܟܝ̈ܚܝܢ ܠܝܚ ‎yer‏ ܣܗ̈ܕܘܬܐ ‎LD;‏ ܘܐܚܘ̈ܝܬ]
ܕܡܢ 5.9« ܕܙܕܩܐ ܓܝܪ ‎λα σι‏ ܕܠܘ ‎JoM πνο‏ ܡܠܘ̈ܣܝܬܐ ܘܐܘ̈ܝܬ݀
ܠܬܐܢܚ̈ܬܐ ܕܓܪܡܛܝܩܘܣ ‎ww]‏ ܠܘܬ ܕܝܢ ܟܠܗ ܙܩܘܪܐ ܕܪܘܫܥܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ
‎lol oso yl‏ ܦܣܝܩܐ ܐܣܬܬܥܪ ܒܕܠܝܩܕܘܢܐ܆. ܡܢ ܣܝܘܢܕܘܣ ܗܝ ܕܬܟܠܝܢ

‎very wise and understanding addition, « Every man as his heart willeth, not
zrudgingly nor of necessity : for God loveth à cheerful giver » '.

‎As lo the book that 1 have composed against the heretical fatuitv. of the
ig and asking for it to be sent to vou
before it was completely finished. you were acting like men who urge à boy

‎wicked. ο μα ΤΑ. by often writn
who is healthy aud well-prepared, and instructed in military affairs, to appear
in the line of battle when he has not yet put on his armour. But, now that
by God's help it has been finished, as far as our little power goes, and has
been duly written, and dulv collated as far as was possible, it has been sent.
It was a very difficult task and needed a great store of books, and it was so
to speak difficult for me to correct, because I am moving from place to place,
and 1 have not everywhere at hand. fitting testimonies and demonstrations
from the Seriptures. For | thought it right to meet nol only the lamentable
babblings of the grammarian, but also the whole web of impiety contained in
what was defined and done bv way of innovation at Chalcedon hy the synod

‎which met there, aud the impious Tome of Leo, taking occasion from tlie very

‎|. Π Cor, 1x, 6, 7.
