71:11
): NT" n,
1. 35 i b.

310 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [138]

'œanalinil examen ‏ܕܝܠܗܼ ܡܢ ܐܓܪܬܐ ܕܠܘܬ‎
+ pl se, ‏ܒܟܬܝ̈ܒܬܐ‎ Mace ‏ܟܕ‎ ἢ enia

‎ο Ες ον να‏ ܟܗܢܝ̈ܬܐ ܡܿܡܬܬܝܬܝܢ.. ‎οὐ‏ ܕܢܦܚܝܡ

‏ܠܚܡܐܝܬ ‎RSS‏ ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܐܡܼܪ ܟܬܒܐ ܟܗܢܝܐ. ܕܟܕ ܢܦܠܝܢ ‎bts‏ ܕܐܚܝܕܝܢ
ܒܡ̈ܐܢܐ ܙܥܘܖ̈ܐ. ܡܿܬܛܡܐܝܢ ܠܗܘܢ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܒܓܘ̈ܒܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܒܒܪ̈ܬܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܒܝܩܝܒܝܚ̈ܝܬܐ
‎Lf‏ ܣ̈ܓܝܐܐ ܐܚܝܕܝܢ.. ܘܠܐ ܚܕ ‎οἱ Log‏ ܟܝܬ ܛܡܐܘܬܐ ‎«κώνο‏ ܐܡܼܪ ܕܝܢ
ܗܟܢܐ ܢܡܘܣܐ ܕܪܘܚܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ. ܘܟܠ ܡܫܬܝܐ ‎Las‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܒܟܠ ܡܐܢܐ܂ ܛܡܐܐ
‎.[οομ‏ ܘܟܠ ‎[5o‏ ܕܢܦܠ ܡܢ ܡܝܬܐ ܥܠܘܗܝ܂. ܛܡܐܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ. ܒܪܡ ‎[A39‏
‏25 ܘܓܘ̈ܒܐ ܘܩܒ̈ܝܬܐ ,23 ܕܟܝ̈ܐ ܢܗܘܘܢ. ܗܕܐ ‎oo‏ ܘܥܠ ܗܿܝ ܕܣܝܕܡܐ
ܘܠܐ ‎HA‏ ܐܢ ܡܿܢ ܓܝܪ ܐܢܒ ܦܪܫ" ܡܢ ܣ̈ܓܝܐܐ: ܐܝܟ ܡܿܢ ܕܟܪܝܗܝܢ ܒܙܘܪܣܚܣ:
ܐܘ ܕܡܫܬܘܬܦܝܢ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܕܟܪܝܗܝܢ.. ‎LA‏ ܒܟܠܗ ܚܝܠܐ ܠܢܛܘܪܬܐ ܕܡܝܢ ‎[Ας νο‏
ܘܐܦܠܐܼ ܝܡܐ ܒܝܕ ܥܘܗܙܢܐ ܢܗܘܐ ‎[io NI. «^on so‏ ܘܠܐ ܒܚܫܪ̈ܐ. ܕܠܐ ܟܕ

‎4. ); ‏ܕܡܠܝܠܘܬܟܘܢ ,[ ,9 — .ܐܘܪܟܝܢܘܣ: ܓܪܡܛܝܦܣ‎ — 3, L ‏ܠܢܛܘܪܘܬܐ‎ — 4, 1, ils. — 5. G «39, corr.
from ‏ܒ‎

‎XLIV, — Or TRE SAME FROM THE LETTER TO URBAN THE GRAMMARIAN,
\)111011 BE&ixs, « When I read the letter of your learning ».

‎In dealing with abstentions witli regard to names prescrved in the sacred
tablets we must in fitness dnly compare the things of which tlie sacred Serip-
ture said that, when they fall into water that is contained in small vessels,
they pollute it, but, when inlo pools or wells or eisterns contamiug many
streams, they cause no stain or pollution. For the law of the divine Spirit
said thus : « And every drink that ye shall drink in any vessel shall be polluted:;
and everything on which anything from a dead body falls is polluted.  Howe-
ver fountains of water and pools and cisterns of water shall be pure »'..— This
principle then ought Lo be observed in the present ease also. Πα mau sepa-
rates from many on tlie ground that they are infected with lieresy, or that
they communicate with those who are infected, let liim with all his power
maintain abstention from the dead body, and not mention even the name of
those who are under suspicion and not genuine, lest. it fall and pollute the

‎1. Lev.. XI 25. 26
