* 918 6 h.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [104]‏ 370
ܗܳܝ ܓܝܪ ܕܐܚܐ ܡܢ ܐܚܘܗܝ ܢܬܥܕܪ: ܘܗܕܐ ܚܚܝܠܐ ܬܩܢܐ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܡܚܣܢܬܐ..

‏ܡܬܐ ܢܦܝ̈ܚܬ ܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܡ̈ܠܦܢ. ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܓܝܪ ܘܝܨܕܦܢܢ ܐܝܟ ‎Les‏
‏ܘܠܐܢܫܐ ܣܟܘ̈ܠܬܢܐ ܘܡ̈ܠܝܠܐ: ܘܕܠܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܠܐ ܡܫܘ̈ܬܦܐ ܒܝܘܠܦܢܐ ‎Lo‏ ܘܒܪܘ̇ܘ

‏ܕܠܒܪܼ. ‎ras‏ ܘܢܩܝ̣ܪܐ ܗܕܐ ° ܝܨܝܦܘܬܐ. ܟܕ ܓܢܒܝܢܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܒܣܘܓܐܐ ‎“Lio‏
‎Nos Noo‏ ܗܕܐ ܣܥܪܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ܆. ܡܛܠ ܙܒܢܐ ‎ehe:‏ ܘܠܥܝܘܪܝܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܗܕܐ
ܡܟܬܒܢܘܬܐ ܐܣܟܡܐ ‎pl‏ ܗܢܐ ‎dc‏ ܕܐܣܕܬܒܪ )155 ‎où‏ ܕܒܐܢܛܚܘܟܝܐ
ܡܕܝܪ ܗܽܘܝܬ ܗܕܐ ܥܬܐ ܕܬ . ܕܠܐ ‎[As το...‏ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܥܠܝ ܢܘܒܪܢܐ
ܕܚܣܡܐ ‎coul "SJ‏ ܕܢܪܓܕܫܘܢ ‎[σου‏ ܒܥܪܘܩܝܐ ‎Άλαν)‏ ܡܢܝ. ܒܫܪܪܐ
ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ܬܡܢ ܐܝܬܝ ‎Άν‏ ܒܡܠܘܐܐ ‎λα... ασ)‏ ܡܠܬܐ .. ‎«2l‏ ܟܕ ‎y^‏
‏ܩܦܝܦܐ ܦܝܠܝܦܐ: ܕܢܥܬ ܕܪ ܠܟ ܟܬܒܐ ܐܝܟ ‎RTE‏ ܕܡܕܒܪ̈ܢܘܬ|.. ܠܘ ܡܛܠ
ܡܕܡ ܐܚܪܢܐ ܗܕܐ ܐܫܬܘܚܪܢ ܚܢܢ ܕܢܠܝܼܒܟ:. ܐܠܐ ܟܕ ‎PANNES ep‏ ܩܕܡܐܝܬ
ܠܥܒܝܕܐ ‎JR‏ ܘܒܗܠܝܢ ‎Sos‏ ܒܪܘ ܥܝܢܐ ܕܒܘܚܪܢܐ ܢܪܡܐ. ‎ωὁ‏ ܕܬܐܟܝܠܝܢܢ
ܕܢܣܥܘܪ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܝܘܡܢܐ.. ܟܕ ܠܘܐ ܡܟܬܒܢܘܬܐ ‎o!‏ ܕܐܡܝܪܐ܆. ܟܠܗ ܗܘܢܢ ‎μα.»‏ ܗܘܐ.

‏ܟܕ ܩܪܝܢܢ ܗܟܝܠ ܡܪܗܼܛܐܝܬ ܐܦ ܠܟܬܒܟ.. ‎y‏ ܕܡܨܝܐ ‎Neo‏ ܡܥܕܪܝܢܢ ܠܗ܀

‎eity »', the God-inspired words teach. Therefore also we made it our
business, as far as possible, to bring this dissertation also to certain men
of intelligenee and skilled in argument, who are not withont a share in
divine aud. profane learning, and read it to them, generally stealing. an
opportunity for reading, and doing this in secret, on account of the present
time. The beginning of this treatise 1 have put in such ἃ form?, in order
that 1 may seem 1o have prepared. this while 1 was living in Antioch, lest
perhaps these adversaries might kindle a greater llame of projudice against
me, if thev perceived. that this had been composed by me in 01167: and in
truth when 1 was there | began to prepare material lor an answer, though,
whenthe perseculion came, it scaltered these things.

‎Since you, the God-loving presbyter Philip?*, bave often asked for the
Book of Dispensations as vou say to be sent vou, the only reason for whieh
we have put off doing this is (hat we are desirous of lirst earryiug out vonr
request, and casting an eye of eritieism on what is written in it; which
down to this day we have been confident of being able to do, though all our
attention. was oecupied with the said composition. Thervfore, when. we
bave read your book also hastily, we will send it as soon as possible.

‎1. l'r., xviii, 10. ὃς σχῆμα, - - 4. 8, Li 1, 505 p. 181, 38%; see beluw, ep. 52.
