* 66 v" b.

280 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. MUS!

ܕܡܬܔܓܙܡܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܗ ‎LS‏ ܗܘܝܬܘܢ. ܗܟܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܘܟܕ ‎|l‏ ܡܬܪܕܝܐ ܗܘܬ
ܡܛܠ ܚܛܛܗܺܝܙܘܽ܂. ܘܠܟܒܕ̈ܕܘܬܐ ܡܫܝ̈ܚܠܦܬܐ ܡܫܬܐܠܡܐ ܗܘܬ ܆. ܬܘܒ ܟܕ ܚܣ ܥܠܝܪܘܿ
ܐܠܗܐ ‎où » [samir‏ ܡܨܛܒܝܢܐ ܕܒܚܢܢܐ. ܗܟܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܡܫܡܗܝܢ ܠܗ ܟ̈ܬܒܐ ‎“LENS‏
‏ܡܛܠ ܣܤܓܝܐܘܬ ‎ο στο νε”‏ ܒܕܠܐ ‎Es,‏ ܗܘܼܐ ܕܥܛܝܐ ‎ΟΝ Jason‏ ܡܬܚܙ(̇
‎rer‏ ܨܝܕ ‎MT‏ ܕܡܫܡܫܝܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܕܐܝܟ ܗܠܝܢ ܡܪ̈ܕܘܬܐ ‎vul]‏ ܗܘܝ. ‎«οι‏
‏ܕܐܪܡܝܐ ‎Jlezs Rx 9620 Jp‏ ܕܢܒܝܘܬܐ ‎aac fau fes‏ ܠܢܘܪ̈ܝܗ̇
ܘܥܩܘܪܘ. ܓܡܘܪܝܐ ܕܝܢ ܠܐ ܬܥܒܕܘܢ. ‎Gus acass‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܕܡܪܝܐ ܐܢܚܝܢ.
ܐܢ ܗܟܝܠ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܐܝܬܝܟܘܢ ܦܬܐ|ܣ̈ܐ ܕܡܪܝܐ ܕܡܒܛܠܝܢ ܐ .ܠܓܡܝܘܪܝܐ. ܗܐ
‎κο ποσο η‏ ܐܝܬܐ ܠܡܣܟܚܘ. ܐܠܐ ܡܚܘ̈ܬܐ ܩܫ̈ܝܬܐ ܕܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ.
ܘܒܫܦ̈ܬܐ ܙܪ̈ܘܪܒܬܐ ܕܠܝܬ ܠܡܪܝܚܘ ܐܢܝܢ ܘܪܘܓܙܐ ܕܡܬܐܫܕ. ‎οὐ‏ ܕܡܝܬܝܢܗ
ܕܒܕܝܢܐ ܟܐܢܐ. ‎Lao yh dx‏ ܡܘܕܥ ܠܗ. ܗܐ ܪܘܓܙܝ ܘܚܡܬܝ ܡܬܐܫܕܐ
ܥܠ ܐܬܪܐ ܗܢܐ ܘܥܠ ‎Las] is‏ ܘܥܠ ‎fans‏ ܘܥܠ ܟܠ ‎.JLaus «ol‏ ܘܥܠ
ܟܠܗܘܢ ‎Jl; pile‏ ܘܢܬܓܘܙܠܘܢ ܘܠܐ ܢܕܠܝܟܚܘܢ܀

1 ‏ܐܪܪܫܠ .ܡ ܐ(‎ — s. Here p breaks off, — 3. Ms, ‏ܗܢܘܢ‎

have remained, as pillars of the great house who would have prevented the
ruin that was threatening it. So also, when Jerusalem was being chastised
for her sins, and was being delivered to various ehastisements, the God of
mercy, ‘he that taketh pleasure in merey'' (for so the divine Scriptures
term him), again spared her on account of his great mercifulness, and,
because he did not wish to bring ἃ complete destruction, is seen to address,
those who adminislered such ehastisemenls as were to come, things which
Jeremiah saw and heard by prophetie perception, in this way : € Go up
to her walls and pull down: but make not a full end. Leave ler foun-
dations because thev are of the Lord ν᾽. If ihen. you, who are the foun-
dations of the Lord which stave off destruction, have now been disturbed
and shaken, what is there to expect, save sore stripes from God, and great
evils that cannot be assuaged and wrath that is poured out, which he who
in just judgment brings it declares in such words as these : « Behold! inv
wrath and mine απ σου is poured out upon this country and upon men and
upon cattle and upon all things that are in the field, and upon all the fruits
of tlie earth, and they shall be burnt up and shall not be extiuguished. » ὃν

|. Mich, vit, IS. — 2, Jer, v, ΤῸ... ὃν 0 vir, 20.
