LII

G227 \ h.

519-20.

326 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [154]

ܘܐܠܦܟܘܢ.. ܕܐܬܬܪܝܚܡ ܥܠ ܡܚܝܠܘܐܝ ܣܓܚܐܬܐ ܐܦܝܦܢ ܗܽܘ ܛܒܐ ܘܒܣܝܡܐ
ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎Lio‏ ܘܛܘܦܣܬ ‎Lie] Joa‏ ܠܘܬ ܗܺܝ ܕܢܫܝܢܘܢ. ‎Ji‏ ܘܠܒܘܬܐ ܕܟܠܗܘܢ
ܡܗܝܡܥܢܐ ‎où bl où y mm‏ ܕܡܘܕܐ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ܬܪܝܕܬܐ܇ ‎Jesse‏ ܐܢܝܐ ‎mas‏
‏ܥܠ ܗܽܘ ܪܫܝܥܐ܆. ܕܡܬܬܪܚܡ ܘܥܠ ‎.-LEN Lions‏ ܘܥܠ ܛܟܣܐ ‎Jules‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ
ܕܐܸܢ ܒܥܐ ‎μὲ‏ ܠܐ ‎ελα‏ ܠܝ ‎μον οὶ Jlaslass aso‏ ܐܦܢ ‎ΕΝ‏
‏ܟܕ .188 ‎od»,‏ ܗܐ ܡܢ ܟܕܘ ܐܬܡܝܝܫܬ ܥܠܘܗܝ܀

ܕܝܠܗ ܟܕ ܕܝܠܗ ܡܢ ‎rd τό‏ ܐܐܢܢܪܬܐ ܕܠܘܬܗ ܕܦܝܠܝܦܘܣ
ܩܫܝܫܐ ܘܕܝܪܝܐ ܡܛܠ ܬܘܩܢܗ ‎reas‏ ܘܕܢܐܣܟܡܐ
ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ܆ ܡܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܩܿܕܡ ܐܶܐܬܚܶܛܝ ‎VU‏

ܘܕܫܥܬܐ܂ ܠܘܬ ܗܿܝ .5 ‎sb] Ὡς‏ ܕܡܢ ‎Ris‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܝܠܟ ܐܡܝܪܐ. ܕܐܢܫ ܡܢ
ܗܠܝܢ ‎τω ca‏ ܘܝܠ ܘܣܦܝܐ: ܟܕ ܐܬ | ܘܐܬܩܪܒ ܠܟܝ ܪܘܛ ܢ ̈ܝ ܐ ܕܢܟܗܘܿܢ
ܠܐܠܗܐ: ܘܒܬܪܟܢ ܐܬ ܐ ܠܥܘܗܕܢܐ ܕܕܘܒܪ̈ܘܗܝ: ܘܕܗܠܝܢ ‎Les‏ ܒܬܛܠܝܘܬܗ: ܘܒܟܠܗ
‎où‏ ܙܒܢܐ ܐܚܪܢܐ: ‎ao‏ ܕܩܝܢܝ ܘܢܐ ‎δι‏ ܕܠܐ ‎ads‏ ܬܒܬܥܢ. ‎Es‏ ܕܠܒܪ ܡܢ

of the Tyrians exalted himself against my great weakness, and he became
an example to others to seccde; but he has also wounded the hearts of all
the believers, as if 1, wlio confess the right faith, were lhurling myself
against that impious man, who exalts himself both against the divine
commaids and against church order; so that, if ! wish, it 1s no louger
permissible for me to reccive him in communion, even 1f he repents, since
every man's conscience has already been wounded because of him.

LII. — Or Tue SAME ΕΠΟΝ TUE 2" LETTER TO THE SAME ὮΗΙΤΙΡ ΤΠῈ PRESBYTER
AND MONK ABOUT ΤΗΕ FORMATION OF MAN, AND THAT TUE MONASTIC ΠΑΒῚΤ

FREES FROM PREVIOUS SINS.

And now I turi to the statement made by your rcligiousuess, that one
of those wlio live an ascetie life of philosophie labour, after he had come and
presented himself for ordination? in order that he might ofliciate as a priest
to God, having afterwards come to remember his life, and the sius that he
had committed in his boyhood, aud all the rest of his life, and having learned

1. 8, εν αν 51 (which precedes in our 1n2.); p. 181. 365; above, p. 10%. If is most natural lo suppose

tiat this correspondence preceded ep. 34 and 8. T., v, 8. — 2. χειροτονία.
