117] XXXV. ΤΟ THE MONKS OF TIIE EAST. 289

ܕܢܬܦ ܨܐ ܡܢ ܐܢܫܐ ‎aM .Ji&so Laxs‏ ܓܚܝܪ ‎sans‏ ܠܡܥܣܢܘܬܐ ‎Nos,‏
‏ܪܘܫܥܗܘܢ ܠܐ ܐܫܟܚܘ ‎cs‏ ܝܒܝ ܪܘܢ. ܐܠܐ ܐܦ ܕܢܫܬܘܢ ‎LS‏ ܕܨܗܝܢ. ܠܚܡ ܓܝܪ
‎bas à‏ ܓܝܪ ܐܫܥܝܐ° ܐܡܪ ‎ES‏ ܡܛܠܝܬܗܘܢ. ‎eon‏ ^ ܕܚܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ
‎LAN os ACE ss‏ : ܠܕܒܚܙܐ ܢܗܘܐ ܐ ܠܘܟ ܘܢ ܕܝܠܟܘܢ.7 ‎al-l‏
‏ܐܦ ‎Fax‏ ܡ | ‎μια.‏ ܟܕ | ‎Koons}‏ ܘܕ݂ܬ̇ܨܺܝ̣ܨܿܐܝܼ 9 ‎wel‏ ܒܧ ܛ ̈ ܪ ܪܐ ‎Las)‏
‏ܡܢ ‎TN Iss soy où‏ ܘܣܦܫܦܐܝܬܐ ‎Mas, {του ANS‏ ܐܟܬܒ. ܟܕ ܒܪܘܝܚܩܐ 23%
ܐܢܐ ܘܡܬܛܦܐ ܐܢܐ ܐܚܝܢܐܝܬܐ ‎M3M5‏ ܘܥܙܗܕܬ ‎ολ Meo‏ ܕܒ ܐܒܝ ܪܘܬܐ ‎Laïo‏
‏ܘܒܡܡܠܦܢܐ ‎δα.) fins‏ ܘܠܗܘܢ ‎ph TY A Qu‏ ܘܐܦ ܕܝܕ ‎hot‏ ܒܥܪܝܪܐܝܬ
ܘܝܬܝܪܿ ܡܢ ܟܠ ‎αν‏ ܝܚܡܬܐ ܩܫܝܬܐ ‎Kos‏ ܥܠ ‎on,‏ ܘܡܟܓܢ ܗܘܼܐ
ܩܫܝܐܝܬ. ܡܛܠ ܕܠܝ ܠܐ ‎ns)‏ ܦܘܬܦܐ ܕܛܥܝܘܬܗ. ܘܒܟܠܗ̇ ܬܒܝܚܠ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܨܐ
ܗܼܘܐ. ܡܕܐ ‎So Joa‏ ܗܥܝܢ ‎où Φου‏ ܐܬܟܬܒ ܘܠܘ ܡܢ ܦܘܡܪܗ ‎ο ες‏

1. Mz. ges. — 2. Ms, with stop following. — 3. Ms. «e9-. — ^. Ms. Sos — 5. Ms om. stop, —
6. > added «ver line in cursive hand. — 7, This word is not otherwise kuowr.

Pray therefore, samtlv ones (for indeed 1 sav the same thing many
times) that we may be delivered. from evil and unjust men. For thev
have been unable not only. to endure reprool on account of their wicked-
ness, but even Lo give drink to them that thirst : for, besides their thoughts
that blaspheme against God, ‘their counsels' also ‘are counsels of murder" '.
For this very thing Isaiah says with me eoueerumg them. But tliat these
same men may be changed to what is right make the subject of your own
pravers. For we on our part look Lo him who willeth not the death of ἃ
sinner so much as that he be eonverted and live?..— Indeed at first on the
entreaty (and to speak the truth on the eompulsion) of hin who wrote un-
soundly and rashly upon this same matter *, while [ar away and in hiding i
wrote and admouished him in ἃ brotherly manner and urged. hin to have
regard to the lioly fathers aud to the approved doctors and follow them, aud
correct himself. And even upon this he attacked my meauness in a ferocions
manner. worse than any raging savage beast, and kept bitterly complaming
because he did not find me a partner of his error, and over tlie. whole
world. as far as he could, he sent out and seattered abroad What he had

Ἰ. Iz, LIN, 7. — 2, Ez., AA 111, 11. — 3. dulian : see the correspondence ini 1ο, li, 1x, 10-13,

ΚἊΝ
