* (447 y? b.
L

33 ve h.

‎ES LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [110]‏
ܘܕܣܓܝܐܬܐ. ‎«MS‏ ܕܝܢ ‎μα]‏ ܚܖ̈ܒܬܐ ܠܬܐܪ̈ܬܝܢ ܩܦܕ̈ܘܩܝܐ' ܘܠܐܪܡܢܝܐ ‎ΠῚ μῶν‏
ܗܕܐ ‎“ous pl‏ ܐܬܪܐ ‎as‏ ܗܒ ܠܝܚ ܓܝܪ ܕܥܡ ܫܘܒܩܢܐ ܐܡܿܪ. ܘܠܘ
ܫܪܝܪܐܝܬ ‎Rail)‏ ܐܘ ܡܿܕܠܠܬ. ܥܝܕܐ ܗܘ ܓܝܪ ‎μια ΑΝ"‏ ܕܢܣܝܼܒܪܘܢ
ܕܠܗܘܢ ܒܠܚ ܘܕ ܕܙܚ ܫܡܫܐ,. ܘܠܘܬܗܘܢ ܒܠ ܚܘܕ ‎ΕἸ fra.) JR GM‏
ܠܡܕܝ̈ܢܬܐ ‎RM‏ ܦܨܝܚܐܝܬܐ.. ܕܠܐ ‎"ap‏ ܢܟܢܘܢ. ܠܘܬ ‎μι‏ ܓܝܪ ‎μοὶ‏ ܐ ‎oo‏
‏ܕܐܝܬ ‎τον Ie» lol ον»‏ ܐܟܙܢܐ ܕܠܚܚܘܩܕ̈ܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܬܦܪܦܫܝܢ ‎ave‏
‎Loss‏ ܕܡܣܐܬܐ,. ܠܐ ܡܕܡ ܒܨܝܪ ° ܢܬܠܘܢ ܝܬܒܝ̈ܐ ܕܟܠܗܘܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ܡܝܢ
ܟܠܗ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ° ܕܐܠܝܟܣܢܕܖ̈ܝܐ. ܐܠܐ ܐܡܪ ܐܢܬ ‎τον»‏ ܕܒܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܬܪ̈ܝܨܬܐ ܫܐܠܝܢ
ܢܚܘܪ ܒܪܗܘܢܢ. ܐܠܐ ܐܦ ‎ΡΝ μόν Jes‏ ܐܝܬ ܠܝܢ. ܐܝܟ ‎«oo rM‏ ܕܡܝܢ
ܩܕܡ ܩܠܝܠ ܐܡܝܪ̈ܢ ‎ça‏ ܟܕ ܐܝܬ ܠܢ ܘܪܒܘ ‎JA a. Jo Mis‏ ܕܟܬܒܝ̈ܐ
ܢܦܝ̈ܚܝܚ ܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܦܩܕ̈ܢ ‎ο ο‏ ܕܚܝܠܬܢܝܢ ܕܡܚܚ̈ܠܘܬ|° ‎«Son‏
‏ܕܦܦܠܝܢ ܢܛܥܝܢܘܢ܇. ‎voc Jio‏ ܕܝܠܚܢ ‎cos JH.‏ ܕܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ܇. ‎«oto‏

‎ο — 2, P om. -- 3, L ‏ܕܡܐܠܘܢ‎ — 4 Lor ‏ܒ ܙܘܐ‎ — ὃν Losing. — 6. ἃ ‏ܡܕܝܝܚܢܬܐܼ‎ qo». —
τα ‏ܕܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ‎ .

‎and to many; and next how can we eall the two Cappadocins and Arme-
nia waste places? But in this you thouglit or spoke rather! like the nalives
of the country (allow me with vour pardon to sav), and not truly. For
it is the habit of the Alexandrines to think that the sun rises for them
only, and towards them only the lamp burns, so that they even jestingly
term outside cities 'lampless'. f for the purpose of right judgments it
is possible to weigh the numbers of a people, like weights that are distin-
œuished by the inclinations of the scale of a balance, the inhabitants of all
these countries will produce no less than the whole city of the Alexandrines.
But you say that in the case of men who make right requests we should
have regard to our understanding. But in this also we have a better prin-
ciple, as we showed in what we said a little before, having countless other
texts of the God-inspired Scriptures also which command us that those that
are strong should bear the infirmities of those that are weak?, and that
we should not have regard to our own allzirs but to the interest of others”,
and texts that agree with those. And, while was writing and speaking

‎1 300 — 2. 3 xv, 1. — 3. Philipp. αν 4.
