266 LETTERS Of SEVERUS. [94]

ܩܫܝܫܐ ‎Jlsasos‏ ܕܘܟܬܐ ܕܬܪܘܢܝܘܣ ܫܠ ܝܚܝܐ ܒܫܕ ܦܣܩܝܣܝܢܘܣ ܐܡܝܪܘ. ܡܢ
ܩܪܝܢܗܘܢ ‎Jn do‏ ܚܕܠܬܓ: ܘܡܢ!' ‎wnamsas)‏ ܕܢܟ̈ܦܐ ܐܦܘܚ̈ܣܩܘܦܐ7.. ‎Lans‏
‏ܙܘܝܒܐ ܠܐ ‎Aul] Lans‏ ܟܕ ܓܚܪ ‎xaxa] RUNI Kool]‏ »| ܬܘܗܝ
ܐܘܪܬܕܘܟܣܐ' ْ ܘܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܦܘܣܩܝܢܝܢ.. ܕܐܦ ܐܝܝܩܚܪܐ ܕܐܦܣܝܩܝܦܝܘܬܐ ܘܥܕܬܐ ܗܝ
ܐܥܘܠܐܝܬ ܘܟܕ ܪܚܝܩ ܢܨܦܝܩ ‎EN Suse‏ ܘܠܗܠܚܝܢ ܟܠܗ ܣܘܢܗܕܘܣ
‎oo ao‏ ܟܕ ܠܗ ܠ ܦܣܟܐ ܐܦܝܼܩܬ. ‎uso fins)‏ ܗܠܝܢ' ‎NT NC E‏
‎Hee rc cr‏ ܠܩܘܒܠܝܗ ܕܐܘܛܝܟܐ ‎y‏ ܩܢ̈ܘܢܐ ܗܼܘܐ.. ܠܩܛ ܐܓܪܢ ܘܬܐ
‎loeo‏ ܕܝܣܩܪܣ ܘܕܣܘܢܗܕܘܣ ܕܐܬܟ̱ܢܫܬܐ ܥܡܗ ܡܡܪܚܝܢ ܕܢܝܬܘܢ܀

ܕܝܠܗ ܡܢ ‎τό‏ ܓܪܬܐ ܕܠܘܬ ‎run‏ ܐܘܪ̈ܬܕܘܟܣܘ ܕܒܛܘܪܘܣ ‎SUN‏
‎dure a run‏ ܨ ܘܪ܀

ܡܛܠ ܕܐܬܚܚܫܒܬܘܢ ܕܬܫܐܠܘܢ ‎WM‏ ܕܡܛܛܠ ܐܝܕܐ ܥܠܬܐ ܡܬܚܪܡ ‎Ja ol‏
‎où‏ ܫܟܝܪ ܫܡܐ ܘܪܫܝܥܐ: ܘܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܐܬܩܒܝܠ ܡܢ ܕܝܣܝܩܝܪܘܣ ‎OÙ‏ ܕܕܘܟܪܢܝܗ

1. M ‏ܡܢ‎ — 2. M ‏ܐܦܦܣܝܣ‎  , illeg, — 3. M ‏ܘܐܦܣܠܩܘܦܐ‎ αν 1, ‏ܪܬܕܘܦܣܐ‎ 6 5. Here [he exfrael in
L ends, — 6. Ms. So wilh erasure following.

the apostolic throne! said by the mouth of Pascasinus, "From ihe reading
of the documents?, and from the statement? ol the reverend bishops we know
that the reverend Hiba has been shown to be innocent. Por, when his letter
was read, we recognised that it is orthodox*; and therefore our decision is
that the episcopal rank also and the church from which he was wrongfully
ejected in his absence be restored! »*. — And to these things the whole
synod assented; and they promulgated the same decision. How then can
those who defend those men dare to make the reception of Eutyches,
which took place according to the canons, a charge against the holy Dioscorus
and the synod which assembled with him?

XNXNIHI. — Or TUE SAME FROM THE LETTER TO THE ORTIHODOX "

BROTHERS IN THE CITY OF "ng, wmecn 18 Sun.

51.8, Since you have thought fit to ask me for what reason Eutvehes 15
anathematized, the man of ill name* and iiipious, and how it is that he was
received bv Dioscorus of saintly memory, we say in a few words that he was

|. θρόνος. — 2. χάρτης. — 3. ἀπόφασις. ^4. ὀρθόδοξος. — 5. Mansi, VIT, 261. 6. ὀρθόδοξοι, — 5. "V his
represents ὀνσώννμος and perh. means. al Tie was falsely named Eutyches (Tortunalo).
