[107] XNNV. — TO THE MONKS OF TUE EAST. 279

ܕܦܛܪܝܪܟܐ ܣܘܪܐ ܨ ܝܕ ‎rua‏ ܡܕܢܥܢܝܐ܀

ܒܗܬܐ ܩܕܝ̈ܫܐ ‎μεν‏ ܕܥܘܡܕ̈ܐ ܩܕܝܫ̈ܐ ܕܒܡܕܢܚܐ ܘ ‎Lex‏ ܘܠܡܫ̈ܡܥܢܐ.
ܘܠܟܠܗܘܢ ‎EXT‏ ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܒܕܘܒܪܐ ܪܚܝܡ ܠܐܠܗܐ ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ ‎τον‏ ܣܐܘܪܐ ܒܘ ܪܢ

ܫܡܥܬ ܕܥܘܡܕ̈ܐ ܪ̈ܘܪܒܐ ‎las‏ ܩܕܝ̈ܫܬܐ̇ ܕܒܡܕܢܚܐ. ‎Ja pis ME‏
‎Jisoss‏ ܕܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ ‎ευ σνακ‏ ܡܝܩܕ̈ܝܢ ܫܢܘ. ܘܕܠܗܿ ‎Doi‏ ܡܢ ܩܛܝܪ ܐܬܕܚܝܘ
ܡܢ ‎MT‏ ܕܕܠܐ ‎sas Js‏ ܐܝܕܝ̈ܗܘܢ' ܥܠ ܟܠ ܐܢܦ. ܘܐܬܬܢܚܬܐ ܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ.
ܘܗܢܐ ܘܟܠܗ ` ‎sNaas‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܐܝܟܐ ܕܠܐ ܢܫܬܚܪ ܒܝ ‎JL‏ ܬܘܒ ‎«σον‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ
‎ol‏ ܒܕܘܟ ܟܬܒܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ. ܡܬܐܒܠ ܗܘܝܬ ܓܝܪ ܠܘ ‎ans‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܓܝܪ
ܠܐ ܫܘܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎RSS‏ ܐܠܐ ܥܠ ܐܬܪ̈ܘܐܐ ܕܐܬܓܠܙܘ ܡܢܟܘܢ. ܘܥܠ ‎Lt‏
‏ܕܒܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܒܗܘܢ ܥܡܪ̈ܝܢ܂ ܘܕܟܢܫܐܝܬ ‎μοὶ‏ ܥܠ ܟܠܝܘܿ ‎Là‏ ܟܘܪܐ. ܐܠܘ ܠܐ
ܓܝܪ ‎RE‏ ܕܥܠ ܟܠ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܼܘܐ܂. ܘܡܗܦܟܘܬ ]29[ ‎ο‏ + ܐܢܬܘܢ ܡܢ
ܟܠ ܦܪܘܣ ܡܫܬܚܪ̈ܝܢ ܗܘܝܬܘܢ܆. ܐܝܟ ܥܡܘ̈ܕܐ ܕܒܝܬܐ ܪܒܐ ܕܠܡܦܘܼܠܬܐ

1. Ins. above line in R. — 2. R. sing, — 3. It ‏.ܗܢܘܢ‎ — 4. p ‏ܕܐܝܕܝܠܗܘܢ ܡܘܫܛܝܢ‎ — 5. o 58}.
XNNVW. — Or nk PATRIARCH SÉVERUS TO THE MONKS OF TUE Es '.

To the holy. fathers and archimandrites of the holy cloisters in the East
and the presbyters and deacons, and all the brothers who are practising
the God-loved life of monastietzm Seerus greeting in our Lord.

I liave heard that the great convents of the holy monastertes in the East,
who are honoured for emineuce in life and in asceticism and for age, have
withdrawn, and that 10 this same thing they have been driven by compul-
sion. by those who without fear stretch out their hands against every man :
and Τ groaned deeply; and 1 continued. weeping till there was no strength
left in me to weep more, as tlie Holy Scripiure somewhere says?. For
1 sorrowed not for you (uo tears are needed for vou) but for the countries
which have been deprived of von, and for those who live a religious life in
them, and to speak generally for all that district?. If there were not uni-
versal wrath, aud the face of God were not averted, vou at least would

| This lelter is prefixed lo the eorrespondence witli Julian. of Haliecarnassus in tlie Roman mss.,
bul is absent in Add. 17000, which vontains that correspondence. Il was elearly written at the time of
the expulsion of the monks Land. Anecd. Svr., II, 289; Zach. (5 viii, 5. στ 2. 1 04 XXX, Ἐν — 4 χώρα.

XXXV
li 66 οὐ vc,
9 360 r^.

* 200 v,

* [t66v* a.

220-5.
