* 1:40 v b.

Σα ) ‏ܗ‎ b.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. 1^0;‏ 312
‎Jo Nas‏ ܡܬܬܝܬܝܢ ° ܗܘܘ ܒܦܢܩ̈ܝܬܐ ܟܗ̈ܢܝܬܐ. ܘܩܕܝܫܐ ‎vor‏ ܩܘܪܝܠܘܣ:
ܟܕ ܠܡܕ̈ܢܚܝܐ ‎rl‏ ܒܬܪ ‎wnumiko‏ ܕܢܣܛܘܪܝܘܣ: ᾿ ܟܕ ‎ca]‏ ܘܣܐ ! ‎JL‏
‏ܠܝ̣ܢܕܘ: ܘܒܟܘܬܡܬܐ ܕܗܪܣܝܣ ܢܣ ܛܛܘܪܝܙܫܬܐ ܐܙ ܠܘ. ܐܦܠܐ ܚܕܐ ܒܬܥܬܐ ‎Jos,‏
‎meo? «at DCR: τῶν‏ ܥܒܕܚܢ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܚܬܝܬܘܬܐ ܡܛܠ ‎y Joris‏
ܗܠܝܢ: ܐܡܪܝܢ ܕܠܐ ܕܟܝܐ ‎ωοιολ-‏ ܩܘܪܿܒܢܐ,. ܢܕܥܘܢ ‎ο ο el‏
ܘܩܘܝܡܐ ܡܢ ‎yn Jaslos‏ ܗܕܐ ܐܝܬ ‎Où‏ ܘܡܝܢ ܬܡܝܢ ‎y‏ ܕܡܝܢ ‎has‏
‎«δω‏ ܛܝܚܡܬܐܘܣ ܓܝܪ ‎ol) y Lis‏ ܥܡ ܫܡ ܗܐ ‎sve yl‏
ܐܬ ܪܡܚ ‎JLlaslasù‏ ܠܘܬ ‎uude‏ ܒܪܥܝܢܐ܆. ܕܕܝܠܗ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ‎bus vis‏ ܗܠܝܢ
‎βοὴ‏ ܒܪܬ ܩܠܐ ܪܒܬܐ ܡܟܪܙܝܢ ܕܠܐ ‎ο‏ ܠܝ ܕܕܟܝܐ ‎ο‏ ܆. ܥܡ ܓܒ ܢܐ
ܡܕܡ ‎Jason.‏ ܘܗܐ ‎cot‏ ܡܝܢ ܝܬܝܪܘ ܐܡܿܪܝܢܢ. ‎il‏ ܐܝܢ ܐܦܝ ܝܣܢ ܩ .ܘܘ ]7
ܕܒܡܕܝܢ̈ܬܐ ܕܡܕܢܚ̈ܝܐ 1 ܘܐܦ ܗܕܐ ‎E‏ ܘܟܠܗܘܢ ܟܘ̈ܢܝܐ ‎yes‏ ܗܥܝܢ ܕܡܬܘ.
‎bl‏ ܓܝܪ ܕܗܼܝ ܗܕܐ ‎το‏ ܐܐ ܡܬܡܨܝܢܐܝܬܐ ‎loot‏ ܠܗܘܢ. ܘܠܥܘ ܡܛܠ

‎L3» Lol. leo ‏ܗܟܢ ܙܪܩ ܗܘܐ ܕܙܐܘܓܡܟܣܐ ܢܥܝܒܕܘܢ:.‎ pl JS.
EE E ^ apos ‏ܕܡܕ̈ܝܢܬܐ̈ ܢܣܕܪܘܢ܇. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܒܗܠܝܢ ܐܠܝ̈ܕܬܐ‎

‎11, ‏ܐܦܐܣܩܦܐ‎ . — 2, ( om. — 2. οἱ ‏ܐܦܣܩܦܘܦܐ‎ «νο — 4, (6 marg. ‏ܬܕܒܡܙܢܚܐ‎ — ὃς )¡ ‏[ܘܡܒܐܕܝܥܬܐ‎ L ‏ܕܡܙܝܢܬܐ‎ .

‎— 6. αν get.

‎this great Christ-loving city of Antioch, while names under suspicion were
preserved in the saered tablets ; and the holy Cyril, when he united with the
Easterns after the deprivation ' of Nestortus, when many bishops had died,
and had departed under the stain of the Nestorian heresy, made no inquiry
about names. lf therefore those who set great store by strictness in respect
of such names say that the oblationis not pure, let them know that their
strictuess also draws its origin and existence from such communion, and
descends from that sourec as from a root. For the saintlv Timothy, as we
have said, eonsented to hold communion with those of like opinions in
company with such names, he whose grandsons they are wlio now with a
boastful front loudly proelaim, « You shall not approach me because | am
pure ». And this we say superllnously, that some of the bishops in the
cities of the Easterns sel even this also straight, and ceased to mention
al such names : for others found it impossible to set this same thing
straight; and 1t was not right for such a reason for them to enter on wran-
gles?, and set themselves in array against the enthusiasm of 1116 people of the
cities, in order that They might suller shipwreek iu the most essential things.

‎1. καθαΐρεσις. - ®. ζυγομάχας.
