‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. ‘112‏ ^28
ܗܘܘ ܘܡܝܢ ܥܪܘܬܐ ܡ ‎JA;‏ ܥܡܘܛܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܝܢܪܗܘܢ. ܘܥܘܒ ܝܣܢ ܡܨܝܢ ܗܘܘ
‎NOT‏ ܟܬܒܐ ܢܡܘܣܫܐ ܘܠܘ ܕܒܥܘܡܩܐ ܕܐܙܙܐ ‎Las‏ ܡܨܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܕܢܬܒܩܘܢ
ܟܐܢܐܝܬ ܟܬܒ ‎où‏ ܫܠܝܚܐ. ܕܠܘܝܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܗܘܢ ܘܺܝ ‎or elo‏ ܗܘܼܐ ܓܝܪ ‎δὶς‏
‏ܕܗܟܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ ‎J|‏ ܡܫܡ̈ܡܠܝܐ. ܕܢܩܕܡܘܢ ܢܬܕܪܫܘܢ ܒܢܡܘܣܐ. ܘܒܬܪܟܢ
‎Lass] (opus‏ ܕܠܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ. ‎ENSE‏ ܘܡܬܪܓܢܢܐܝܬܐ ܒܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ܕܠܐ ܡܝ̈ܐ ܝܗܼܒ
‎foot‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܡܫ̈ܐ. ܟܕ ‎Jess Los‏ ܡܪܝܚ ܗܘܐ . ܘܟܕ ܠܒܣܪܐ ܡܬܪܓܪܓܝܢ 1000
ܒܕܡܘܬ ܡܛܪܐ ܡܢ ܐܪ ܠܐ ܡܬܚܙܝܢܐܝܬ ܦܪܚܬܐ ܡܝܬܐ ܗܘܐ. ܘܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ ܕܕܡܝܢ
ܠܗܠܝܢ ܘܩܪܝܒܢ ܠܗܝܢ. ‎Ἂογο‏ ܕܝܢ ܡܫܘܒܬܝܘܬܟܘܢ ܕܝܠܟܘܢ ܕܡܫܟܚܝܐ ܕܒܦܪܨܘܦܐ
‎μᾺς‏ ܬܬܒܩܐ ‎oœusass os‏ ܕܡܪܝܐ. ‎[i]‏ ܬܘܒ ܕܗܼܘ ܦܘܠܘܣ ܐܸܡܼܝܿ. ܩܕܡܝܐ

‎αἱ ‏ܟܐܦܐ ܟܕ ܡܬܝܕܥܢܐܝܬܐ ܡܬܪܣܫܐ ܘܡܫܩܫܐ. ° ܘܠܟܠ‎ log ‏ܐܡܝܢܐܝܬ‎ μη]

‎$129) ‏ܐܢܬܘܢ ܘܐܡܪܝܢ. ܡܬܘ‎ «Mo! ‏ܒܐܝܕ̈ܝܗܝܢ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܕܣܫܒܪܬܘܢ‎ Leo
‏ܠܪܛܠܚܘܬܐ.‎ οἱ ‏ܟܦܢܐ‎ οἱ A205 οἱ «αν οἱ ‏ܡܢ ܚܘܒܗ ܕܟܠܦܫܝܝܐ. ܐܘܠܨܢܐ..‎
‏ܣܝܦܐ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܬܝܒ. ܕܡܛܥܬܟ ܟܠܚܘܡ ܡܝܬܝܢ ܚܢܝܢ.‎ οἱ ‏ܩܢܕܝܢܘܣ°‎ ol
«οὐ ‏ܚܢܢ ܒܚܕ‎ eJ ‏ܐܬܚܫܒܝܢ ܐܝܟ 5 ܠܬܟܣܬܐ. ܐܠܐ ܒܗܠܝܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ‎
οι) ‏ܕܐܚܒܝܢ. ܗܠܫܝܢ ܓܝܪ ܕܙܟܘܬܟܘܢ ܠܘ ܒܠܚ ܘܕ ܒܥܠܡܐ ܗܢܐ ܒܝܫܐ ܕܩܐܡ.‎

‎Ll. Ms. ‏ܗ‎ for ὅν, - 2, M-. ‏ܦܘܙܝܢܘܣ‎ — 3, » udded over inarg. i) cursive hand.

‎davckness, iid. conld searcely sec the writing of the law. and could not con-
template the depth of hidden mysteries, the apostle justly wrote that « that
rock followed them »* : for it was right that they who were so imperfect

‎should be first exercised in the law, and afterwards see Christ following

‎em.  Wherelore also in waterless countries he gave them water in lan-

‎gible lorm, assuaging the thirst of the flesh; and, whenever. they dezired
Îlesh, he 1nvisibly brought birds like rain from (he air?, and other things
like these and resembliug them. Bnt belore vour own perfections, who
can contemplate the very glory of the Lord * with open face”, as again Paul
said”, that rock continually goes in front, giving suprasensual food and
drink, and showing evervone that through the things which vou have endured
vou cry and say, « Who shall separate me from the love of Christ? — Tribu-
lation, or distress, or persecution, or huuger or nakedness or danger or
the sword, as ilis written, For thy sake we die every dav; we have been
reckoned as sheep for slaughter; but in all these things we are vietorious

‎through him who loved us »*..— For the resulls of your victory are nol only

‎LOL Cor, N, £ — 2. ἀήρ, — 3. HE Con, ru, [δι — ^. 0 viri 59-37,
