OI] XXNIV. — TO ELISIIA. 273

as | ‏ܕܐܡܚܝܕ̈ܢ‎ IA ‏ܟܕ ܡܢܗܝܢ‎ “ol ss; ‏ܘܛܘܡܣܬܐ!‎ "Ras "sr a.

‎oo‏ ܠܥܩܪܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܠܡܐܡܪ ܕܡܪܝܪܘܬܐ ‎wa mo)‏ ܘܕܡܝܢ ܐܝܟܝܐ ‎was‏ ܐܚ̇ܘܐ..
ܘܕܼܠܘ ‎JA.‏ ܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ ‎ο ολοι‏ ܐܬܗܓܝܚ ܕܝܢ ܡܝܢ ‎Lis)‏ ܡܝܢ ܣܝܥܬܐ ܕܪܘܦܥܐ܆.
‎«όν‏ ܕܠܐ ܪܕܝܐܝܬ ܗܕܐ ܬܪܥܝܬܐ ‎eMe ail! Janus‏ ܒܠܚܘܕܼ.. ܐܠܐ ‎Jaz.lho‏
‏ܫܠܡܘܬܐ ‎Joss‏ ܕܐܪ̈ܬܕܟܣܘ.. ‎Sons‏ ° ܕܕܠܩܘܒܠܐ ‎"ske en)‏
ܠܗܿܢܘܢ ‎LAN Ηθλᾶ.5 «ipe Jl»‏ ܘܚܚܪ̈ܢ ܠܘܬܗ ܟܕ ܠܘܬܗ ܕܢܝܦܬܐ:. ܡܢ
ܣܩܘܒܬܝܘܬ ܡܠܐ ܕܡܝܢ ܟܠ ܓܟܝ̈ܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܨܝܐ | }301 ܡܚܕܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܟܕ
ܩܕܝܫܐ ܩܘܪܝܠܘܣ ܘܓܪܝܓܘܪܝܘܣ ܡܡܠܠ ‎ελ ὃν.‏ ܘܟܠܗܘܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܠܡ ܐܡ ܪ
ܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܗܼܢܝ̈ܢ ܟܕ ܗ̈ܢܝܢ ܐܠܦܘ: ܘܐܡܪܘ ܕܙܕܩ݀ ‎Plajaas asl,‏ ܕܟܝ̈ܢܐ ܗܠܝܢ
ܕܡܢܗܘܢ ܥܡܢܘܐܝܠ: ‎où‏ ܕܒܬܐܘܪܝܐ ܘܒܚܘܫܒܐ: ܕܡܢܗܘܢ ܡܬܝܕܥܐ ܐܚܪܢܚܝܘܬܐ
ܐܕܐ ܘܠܐ ܥܘܝܘܐ ܐܘܣܝܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܼܬܟܢܫܘ ‎Janus‏ ܬܐܕܘܛܐ ‎où‏ ܕܥܘܗܕܢܐ ܚܣܝܐ
ܐܦܝܣܩܘܦܐ ܕܐܢܩܘܪܐ ܗܺܝ ‎MS‏ $903 ܒܗܕܐ ܡܣܬܒܪ. ܘܕܠܐ ܡܿܡܩܫܒܠ
ܦܘܠܓܐ ‎sans,‏ ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܐܦ ‎Jo‏ ܡܢ ܐܪ̈ܬܕܘܟܣܘ. ܐܝܟ ‎où‏ ܕܡܝܬܝܢ

‎1. Ms. ‏ܘܛܘܦܣ ܐ‎ — 2, Ms. ‏.ܠܗܘ‎ — 3, Ms, on, ‏ܙ‎ — ἄν Ms, ool. . ὅς Ms, pl.

‎things stated hy him (I mean that grammarian) to expose the dishonesty of
the adversaries, and eut the very root so to speak of bttterness!, and to show
whence it sprang, and that these things are not new, but were evolved long
ago by the impious companv of those who ποσο τν held this evil opinion;
and not only so, but also to showathe agreement of the doctors of Πίο
orthodox?, and of things which Lo men who are not praetised in divine
doctrines seem to be contrarv, and have the same purpose before them, and to
guard myself as far as possible against contention from all sides. 1mmo-
diately therefore after the holv Cyril and Gregory the Tlieologian, and all
who so to speak taught the same things, had also said that we must note the

‎distinction in theory"

‎aud in thonght of the natures of which. Emmanuel i5
composed, from which natures the different character and diverse essence of
the elements that were joined in union is recognised, Tlieodotus of saintly
memory, bishop of Ancyra in Galatia, seems to deny this and not to accept
the division in thought?.— On this account many of the orthodox? also were

‎conlounded by the hereties as if they were adducing lathers who said

‎l. Hebr., xti, 02. — 2. ὀρθόδοξοι. — 3. θεωρία. — κ. οὐσία, — 5, Exp. yn. Nie., 10 (P. § LNXVIIL, 1228).
