‎XNNXIN. — ΤῸ ΠῚ PRESBYTERS AT ALEXANDRE, 295‏ 132[
ܢܒ̈ܚܘܬܐ ‎Jis&ao‏ ܕܐܣ̈ܝܘܬܐ܂. ܘܒܡܝܬܪ̈ܬܐ ܐܚܖ̈ܢܝܬܐ ܪ̈ܘܚܢܝܬܐ ܐܦܪܓܘ. ‎«uà‏ ܕܐܦ
ܪ̈ܘܚܬܗܘܢ ܡܦܣ! ܐܢܐ ܕܬܟܫ̈ܦܬܐ ‎wA‏ ܡܩܪ̈ܒܢ.. ܘܩܪ̈ܝܒܢ ܥܡܢ ‎xor‏
‏ܐܓܘ̈ܢܐ ܕܣܝܕܡܝܝܢ.. ܘܚܕ̈ܝܢ ܒܗܕܐ ܐܘܝܘܬܐ ܘܫܚܢܐ:. ܘܐܣܪܐ ܕܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ܕܪܝ ‎door‏
‏ܝܕܥܚܢ ܗܘܘ ܓܝܪ ܥܡ ܗܠܚܢ ܛܒ̈ܬܐ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ܂. ܕܐܝܢܐ ‎où‏ ܙܒܢܐ ܕܚܬܝܬܘܬܐ..
‎Lolo‏ ܗܘ ‎où‏ ܕܡܬܢܚܬܢܘܬܐ ܢܚܡܝܘܣܝܬܐ. ܘܝܠܦܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܡܡܝܕܒܚܪ̈ܢܝܘܬܐ ‎Jos;‏
‏ܘܠܡܕܒܪ̈ܢܘܬܐ ܚܟܝ̈ܡܬܐ ‎«ona S Ac,‏ ܘܕܓܪܝܓܪܝܘܣ ܘܕܐܬܐܢܝܣܝܘܣ ܘܕܐܚ ܨܢ ܐ
ܐܒܙܘ̈ܐܐ ‎Lana JS Lars,‏ ܗܘܘ. ܠܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܐܦ ܚܢܝܢ ‎au‏ ܐܦܢ ‎Pas‏

‎Las, - CA‏ ܠܕܠܘܬܐ ܕܝܢܝܢܢ܀

‏ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ܣܐ ܘܪܐ ܡܢ ܐܓܪܬܐ ܕܐܬܦܬܒܬ: ‎ra pl‏
‎ς 0308‏ ܕܒܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ܀

‏ܟܕ ‎JA sk‏ ܒܐܝ̈ܕܝ ‎λα:‏ ܗ̈ܢܝܢ ܕܡܢ ܩܕܝܫܘܬܟܘܢ ° ܗܟܐ ܐܬܟܬܒ ܠܢ..
ܗܟܢܐ ܗܢܝܙܐܝܬ ‎A‏ ܒܗܝܢ.. ܐܝܟ ‎Je ee où‏ ܢܚܝܼܙܐ ‎Less‏ ܕܐܒܝܘܗܝ
‎Ao‏ ܐܫܟܚܬܐ ܓܝܪ ܠܐܓܪܬܐ ܕܡܠܝܐ ܟܠܗܿ ܐܝܟ ܕܒܥܫܪܪܐ܂. ܡܪ̈ܫܘܬܐ ܐܒܗ̈ܝܬܐ.

‎1. Ms. ‏ܡܦܝܣ‎ — 3. Erased. — 3. Ms. Saal.

‎and were illustrious in other spiritual excellencies, whose spirits also, ] am
convinced, are olfering pravers on our belialf, and are close hy us in these
present struggles. and rejoice in this union and peace, and bond of futh,
which has now begun. — For besides the other good things they knew what
is the time of strietness, and whal that of lawful concession, and they used
to learn the dispensations of the Spirit, and followed the wise dispensations
of Basil and Gregory and Athanasius and other God-elad fathers : whom let
us also follow, though we are small men, whose judgment is a subject of
prayer.

‎XXXIX. — Or Tue που SEVERUS FROM THE LETTER THAT Was WRITTEN

‎TO THE PRESDYTERS AT ALEXANDRA.

‎When 1 took in my hands the letter thal has now been addressed to ine by
your holinesses, 1 begau to read it with such pleasure as if a son were seeing
his father's face after the lapse of a long time.  Bnt after reading it I knew vou
better from the contents; for 1 found the letter to be in reality wholly occupied
with fatherly reproofs; for it is often a habit of fathers also to apply unfouuded

‎XXXIX
‎(τ 229 ve b.

‎* 23007 a.

‎516-8
