το

28 r" b.

338 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [156]

δῦ 31 Où ‏ܕܕܘܒܪܗ ܐܒܬܥܝ܆.‎ où ‏ܐܢܛܘܢܝܘܣ ܪܒܐ . ܡܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܘܐܡܪ‎ Ls
Sas ‏ܒܥܕܢܐ‎ Jp: 22.00 ‏ܟܗ̈ܢܐ ܐܬܢܣܝܚܘܣ ܐܠܪܗܘܝܐ܀ ܟܕ ܠܬܝܕ ܗܘܐ ܕܢܐܟܘܠ:‎
‏ܕܬܕܡܘܪܬ|܂. ܕܟܕ ܩܐܡ .»| ܗܘܐ ܢܦܢܗܘ..‎ ato ‏ܡܕܥܗ.‎ SM, SI xA
‏ܕܒܝܐܐܪ܂ ܡܬܗܿܕܐ ܡܢ ܐܢܝܥ̈ܝܢ.. ܘܒܬܪܟܢ‎ où ‏ܕܠܒܝܪ ܡܢܗ ܗܘܼܐ. ܘܐܝܟ‎ où pe
‏ܡܪܝܕܐ ܘܩܫ̈ܝܐ ܕܩܚܝܡܝܢ 15 ܘܒܥܝܢ ܕܢܟܠܝܘܢܝܗܝ ܕܢܥܝܼܒܪ. ܟܕ ܕܚܢ‎ x«l
M? .: ‏ܕܡܗܿܕܝܢ ܩܝܡܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܣܩܘܒܬܠܐܝܬ. ܬܒܠܥܝܚܢ ܗܘܘ ܗܠܚܝܢ ܡܠܬܐ‎ «9961
‏ܠܘ ܬܚܝܬ ܚܘܝܒܗܘܢ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ. ܟܕ ܒܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܗܟܝܠ ܕܢܥܒܕܘܢ ܡܠܬܐ ܡܢ‎
«δ ‏ܝܠܝܕܘܬܗ܂. ܟܠܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܗ̇ܢܘܢ ܕܡܗܕܝܢ ܠܐܢܬܛܘܢܝܘܣ ܟܕ ܐܡܪܝܢ ܠܗܠܝܢ..‎
‏ܝܠܝܕܘܬܗܼ ܠܚܕܐ ܐܢܝ̈ܢ ܡܪܝܐ. ܡܢ ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܗܼܘܐ ܕܝܪܝܐ܂ ܘܐܫ݀ܬܘܕܝ ܠܐܠܗܐ܂‎ ο, ‏ܡ‎
‏ܠܗ‎ Log ‏ܗܘܘ ܘܠܐ ܡܟܣܝܢ.. ܡܚܪܪܬܐ‎ SR SO ‏ܫܠܝܛ ܠܡܥܩܒܘ. ܗܝܕܝܢ ܟܕ‎
‏ܕܐܬ ܐ ܠܘܬ ܢܦܝܗ.‎ où ‏ܐܝܟ‎ poo ‏ܢܦܝܗ‎ Jp ‏ܐܘܪܚܐ ܘܠܐ ܡܬܟܠܝܢܝܬܐ. ܘܡܚܕܐ‎
| ‏ܐܢܛܘܢܝܘܣ܀ ܟܕ ܡܢ ܗܢܐ ܘܟܝܠ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ ܐܠܗܝ‎ eX» ‏ܘܬܘܒ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ‎
‏ܦܘܢܝ ܦܬܓܡܐ. ܡܫܪܪ ܐܢܐ ܕܝܢ‎ ο Jijas ‏ܐܢܐ ܂. ܠܘܬ ܗܢܐ‎ ° fraise
das ‏ܓܒܪܐ ܢܟܦܐ. ܟܕ‎ où ‏ܢܐܚܘܕ‎ Jos ‏ܘܬܟܝܠܐܝܬ ܐܸܡܪ ܐܢܐ܂. ܕܙܪܩ ܕܬܫܡܫܬܐ‎

the vision which that heavenly man the great Antony saw. — What in fact
does the man who told the storv of his life say, the divine Athanasius who is
among the high-priests? « When he was about to eat, and liad risen to pray
at the 9" hour, he felt his cousciousness lifted up, and (wonderful to relate!)
he felt himself standing and seeing himself, as il he had been taken outside
him, aud as if he were being led into the air by some meu, aud afterwards
some grievous and eruel men standing in the air and seeking to prevent him
from passing. And, when tlie conductors opposed, these required an account
to know if he were not hable to them; but, when they sought to make an
account from his birth, those who were leading Antony prevented it, saying
to these : ‘What happened from his birth the Lord has wiped out; but you
may inquire into the time since he became a monk and made profession to
God’. Then upon their making charges and failing to conviet, the road
was made free and unimpeded before him. And immediately he saw himself
standing, as if he had come to himself, and that he was again wholly
Autony »'. Guided therefore by this divine command, I have answered the
present question: aud 1 allirm and say with contidence that that modest man

1 Vit. Ant, 65.
