{109 ΧΑΝ}. το THE MONKS OF THE EAST. 28l
‏ܠܐ ܡܫܬܘܕܥ‎ OR | μακνοο ‏ܡܛܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܗܟܝܠ ܡܬܐܒܠ ܗܘܝܬ.‎

ܗܘܝܬ. ܟܕ ‎PS Jos Lis bl Laskso‏ ܕܡܝܬܐܝܢ ܗܘܝ ܨܝܕ ܥܘܡܖ̈ܝܟܘܢ.
ܘܡܥܕܪ̈ܢ ܗܘܝ ܠܘܬܟܘܢ ‎Lj Wes RON‏ ܩܢܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܕܢܚܕܘܢ ܢܦܢ̈ܬܗܘܢ
ܒܥܘܗܙܢܐ ‎παρ JR)‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܩ ܘܡܐ ܡܡ ̈ܣܥܢܐ ‎υπ‏
‏ܡܠܐܟܝܐ܂ ܘܚܝ̈ܐ ܗܽܢܘܢ7 ‎SSD:‏ ܡܫܬܘܫܛܝܢ!. ‎MC‏ ܕܡܥ ܕܝܢ ܠܢ ܦܥ̈ܝܬܐ
ܡ̈ܠܝܠܬܐ ܥܠ ܡܕܡܚܢܘܬܐ ܕܒܐܠ ܗܐ. ܗܟܢܐ ܓܝܪ ‎Lasoilo‏ ܐܠܐ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ܒܬܪ
ܚܘܪܒܪܘܿ ܕܐܘܪܫܠܡܟ. ܘܐܝܟ ܕܒܐ ܪ ܙܐ܂ ܐܡܪ ‎«Joa‏ ܐܘܪ̈ܝܚܬܗܿ ܕܕܗܝܘܢ ܐܠܝܢ ܡܢ ܒܠܝ
ܕܠܝܬ ܕܐܬܝܢ ‎JS‏ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܬܪ̈ܥܐ ܕܒܗ̇ ܡܚܒܠܝܢ.” ܘ̈ܠܥܠܠܬܐ ‎Fa‏
‏ܕܚܘܒܬܐ ‎où‏ ܢ ܗܝ ܪܐܝ ܬܐ |6 ‎Jon‏ ܕܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ. ܗܺܝ ܕܟܗ̈ܢܝܗ ܢܐܙܠܘܢ ‎DL‏
‏ܡܬܐܬܢܚܝܢ. ‫ ‎vele‏ ܕܩܒܠܘ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ ܕܘܒܪܐ ‎ASIN Sos‏ ܘܗ̇ܝ ܕܡܢܗܘܢ
ܐܫܬܒܩܬ ܥܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܡܪܝܪ ‎δὲ‏ ܡܛܠ ܓܝܪ ܕܠܐ ܐܢܫ ‎ens‏ ܕܕܠܐ ‎λα»‏
‎SA)‏ ܐܘܠܝܬܐ ‎Joop‏ ܡܛܠ ܩܫ̈ܣܐ ‎{95ο‏ ܘܒܬܫ̈ܢܐ ܪ̈ܘܪܒܐ ܕܒܐܪܥܐ ‎as. Mao]‏
ܘܒܥܦܪܐ. ܟܕ ܓܠܝܐܝܬ ܡܪܚܡ ܒܡܠܬܐ ‎odas;‏ ܕܚܫܐ ܡܟܪܙ ܗܘܼܐ ܘܐܡܪ ‎us.‏

1. Ms, ‏ܡܐ‎ — 2, Ms. willi stop lollowing. — 3. Ms. & for €. — ‏,ܙ‎ Ms. ‏ܡܬܘܫܛܝܢ‎ , om. slop. — 5. Ms.
om, slop. — 6. * ins. later above. — 7. Ms. las.

For these reasons | sorrowed, and 1 perceived not the number of my
groans, while E contemplated the desolation of the ways that led to vour
eonvents and sent to vou those wlo had à zealous desire to delight their
souls by the remembrauce of divine things, and to whom constant standing

and angelic singing were a festival, and the upward-pressing life, which

reminds rational souls of the imitation of God. For thus Jeremiah also made
lament after the destruction of Jerusalem, and said as in a figure : « The ways
of Zion mourn because there is none to come to the feast. ΔἸ the σαΐον in
her are desolate »'. (And he himself clearly said that her produce is given
to destruetion). « Whose priests shall go into captivity groaning, and they
that have taken upon them the virgin life shall be led away. Απ she that
was abandoned by them hath bitterness for these things ».— For, in order that
none might think that the lamentation that was made was not right, on
account of beams and stones amd great buildings that were razed to the
earth and the dust, exalting plaiuly by words the greatness of the disaster,
he made proclamation and said : « ller priests groan and her virgins

1. Lam., 1 ἐν

* 06 ¥" c.
