[1397 XLIV. = TO URBAN. 311

J

ܢܦܠ ܢܛܛܡܐ ܠܕܟܝܘܬܐ ܕܫܘܬܦܘܬܐ. ܐܢ ܕܝܢ ‎fi‏ ܕܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ܬܪܝܕܬ ‎SUNY‏

ܘܚܪܡܐ ܕܟܠ ‎«nacio‏ ܒܡ̈ܕܬܐ ᾿ ܡܕܝܪ: ܘܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ܟܘ̈ܠܢܝܬܐ ܘܗܘܦܕ̈ܟܚܣ(: ‎Hyso‏

ܣ̈ܓܚܐܬ ܥܡܐ ܚܕܐ ܬܘܕܝܬܐ ‎«ονᾶδο‏ ܕܠܐ ‎Joris. "xerit fes‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܣܝܼܬܒܪܝܢ
ܕܡܛܡܐܝܢ.. ܒܣܓܝܐܘܬܐ ‎WA) Lr‏ ܫܦܝܪܐ ‎Ro‏ ܓܝܪ ܕܐܦܠܐ ܒܣܓܝܐܘܬܐ
‎JN ANA so‏ ܡܕܡ ܡܝܢ ܡܝܬ|7. ܐܢ ‎«a‏ ]5[ ܘܢܗܘܐ ܕܡ ܐܬ ܐܝܬܐ .. ܡܝܙܕܟܐ
ܒܣܓܚܐܘܬܐ ܕܪ̈ܕܝܐ܂ ْ ܘܒܣܓܝܐܘܬܐ ܕܕܟܝܚܘܬܐ ܡܬܚܝܦܐ. ܗܥܝܢ ‎Lio Lasy «le‏
ܗܢܘܢ ܕܒܙܒܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܩܫܘ̈ܡܐ ܕܡܠܬܐ ܬܪܝܨܬ|̇. ‎boi: d‏ ܙܢܐ ‎Ja. ok‏
ܠܢ ܓܝܪ ܡܢ ܣܝ̈ܡܐ ܕܡܿܠܦܢܐ ܕܠܕܬܐ̇. ܕܟܕ ‎à‏ ܗܕܐ ܣܓܚܐܘܬܐ ܒܐܪܝܡܢܘܣ 1
ܠܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ܕܬܥܬܡܐܐ ܘܬܡܢܬܥܣܪ ܙ ܛܡܬ܆. ܡܠܬܐ ܡܕܡ ܡܛܠ ܫܡ̈̈ܡܗܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ
‎o Naso‏ ܗܘܼܬ. ܘܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܐ ܟܕ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܬܐ ‎LS ial‏ ܢܥܒܕ ܒܟܬܐܝ̈ܒܬܐ". ܠܘܬ
ܙܒܢ̈ܐ ܕܩܪܝܒܝܢ܂ ܘܠܘ ܐܒܡܒܥܕܢܘܬܐ ‎aS‏ ”° ܢܪܕܐ ܒܬܪܥܝܬܐܼ. ‎d‏ ܠܩܕܝܫܐ
ܛܝܡܬܐܘܣ܂ ‎oo!‏ ܕܐܟܣܘܪ̈ܝܣ ‎Dum fi) M‏ ܕܐܬܚܝܢ' ܒܐܢܩܘܩܠܚ ܘܢ
ܠܟܠ ‎οἱ‏ ܘܐܫܬܘܬܦ ܠܦܘܠܐܼ ܐܦܣ ܩܘܦܐ 9 ‎2ón‏ ܕܐܦܣ̈ܝܐ܂. ܘܠܦܛܛܪܐ ‎ui Joon‏
ܡܘܬܒܐ ܕܗܕܐ ܐܢܛܝܘܟܝܐ' ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ ܘܪܚܬܡܬ̣"! ܠܡܫܝܚܐ. ܟܕ ܫܡ̈ܡܗܐ

1. L ‏.ܗܒ ܕܝܢ ,1 .2 — ܘܗܘܦܪ̈ܟܦܝܘܣ‎ — 3. L pl. — 4. G ‏.ܒܐ ܪܡܢܝܘܣ‎ — 5. (6 corr. from ‏ܕ ܦܬܒܐܝܬܐ‎ —
6. G ‏ܕܪ̈ܚܝܩܢ‎ (? eorr. from ‏(ܒܡܥܒܕ̈ܢܘܬܐ‎ Mares, — 7, Mss. pello. — δ. L ‏ܐܦܣܩܦܐ‎ . — y, ‏.ܐܙܛܝܟܝܐ,]‎ —
10. ἃ 050,

purity of the communion. But, if the holding of the orthodox faith, and an
anathema of every heresy reigus in tlie ehurches, and whole countries and
provinces ' , and populous churches, confess one uncorrupted confession, then
names which are tliought to pollute are inundated by the multitude of streams.
It is good that no particle of a dead body should be introduced even into ἃ
large quantity 01 water; but if pereliance? it in fact happen to be introduced,
it is eleansed by the quantity of streams, and swamped by the quantity of
cleansing?. We lind that in fact the holy fathers also who were in former
times upholders of the right word managed these things in this way. Show
us from the compositions of the doctors of the chureh that, after so large a
number had found fault with the faith of the 318 at Ariminus (δἰ, any question
was raised about the names of those who had died. And, not to make tlie
letter tedious by using many words, let us pass on in miud to times that are
near and not far removed. We find that the holy Timothy, he who underwent
loug exiles ' , united with everyone in the Encyclieal, and communicated with
Paul bishop of the city of the Ephesians, and Peter who had become prelate Οἱ

1. ὑπαρχίας (for ἐπαρχίας). — 2. ἄρα, — 3. Of. S. L., p. 289. — 4. ἐξορίας.

L335v? a.
