[93! NXNNI. — TO σοι ος TIE PHYSICENN. 265

ܥܕܒܕܬ ‎«nacio‏ ܘܙܢܩܬ. ‎Las doJJ‏ ܕܚܢ ܕܝܗܼܒ ‎Xi lo Mass‏ ܠܘܪܣܝܣ ܕܝܠܗ:
‎uà‏ ܕܡܛܠܝܬܗ̇ ܡܬܩܛܪܔܓ ‎Jon‏ + ܡܢܗܿ ܕܝܠܝ ܗ̇ ܕܒܥܝܘܬܐ ܘܡܢ ܗܘܦܡܢܡܛܐ
‎AI‏ ܕܒܩܘܣܛܢܛܝܢܦܘܬܠ ܝܣ ܐܬܟܬܒܘ ܩܕܡ ܦܠܘܝܢܐ ‎Rss‏ ܟܕ ܠܐ ܐܫܬܘܕܥܬ
ܣܘܓܔܓܦܝܢܐ ܕܒܠܒܗ. ܘܟܘܪܗܢܐ ܥܣ ܝܩ ܠ ܡܝ ܬܔܥܝ ܢܝܘ ܂ ْ ܐܝܟ ܡܥܝ ܘܚܝ ܬ ||
ܐܢܫܝܬܐ܂ ‎most) Mole‏ ܡܢܬܿ. ܟܬܒܐ ܓܚܪ ܐܠܗܝܐ ‎RER‏ ܡܿܠܦ. ܕܒܪܢܫܐ
ܚܙܐ ‎Jas‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܝܢ ‎Las Je‏ ܡܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܐܢܫ ܐܡܝܪ ܡܛܠ ‎ον‏
‏ܕܒܟܠܩܝܕܘܢܐ° ܐܬܟܢܫܘ. ܕܠܬܐܕܘܪܝܬܛܐ ܘܠܗܝܒܐ' ܩܒܠܘ. ܕܠܗܪܣܝܣ ܛܡܐܬܐ
‎ον νους‏ ܠܘ ܒܠܒܐ ‎aus)‏ ܐܠܐ ܘܒܦܪܨܘܦܐ ‎Lu‏ ܚܘܝܘ. ܟܕ
ܐܬܩܪܝ ܓܝܪ ܗܠܚܝܢ ܕܒܗ݀ܘܽܦܡܢܡܛ ܐ ‎«nao looi T ο‏
ܕܙܘܝܒܐ: ܘܐܓܪܬܗ ‎Lise lac 2ó‏ ܦܪܣܫܚܐ: ܕܓܝܘ̈ܕܦܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ܡܠܝܐ ܗܘܬ: ‎uà‏
‎By ὀμα-.9 S‏ ܥܟܘܢ.. ‎as‏ ܕܡܡܠܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܕܘܟܬܗ ¢ ܕܠܐܘܢ: ‎où‏ ܕܗܼܘܐ ° ‎uoi‏
‏ܡܘܬܒܐ ܕܥܝܕܬܐ ܕܪ̈ܗܘܡܚܝܐ.. ܕܠܐ ‎πα...‏ ܟܕ ܐܡܪܘ ‎Τμ‏

ܗܟܢܐ܀ ܦܣܘܝ ܣܫܢܘܣ ܘܠܝܘܩܢܣ ‏ ܘܣ ܢܟ̈ܦܐ ‎SLoaamxro)‏ ܘܒ ܢܝܦ ܘܛ ‎n‏

1. Ms. ‏ܠܡܬܓܫܘ‎ . — 2, Here begius an extraet in M 178 ¥" ‏.ܐ‎ 3. U bo,sSas. Qro [, def, — 5. V

Boo, L def, — δ. M ‏ܘܢܣܛܽܘܪܺܝܣ‎ Τ᾽ ‏ܕܢܣܛܘܪ‎ L def, — 6. M os — 7. M pl. — δὲ M ‏ܐܦܣܩܘܦܐܼ‎ (sic).
— 9, M ‏ܘܒܦܢܘܦܛܝܣ‎ .

Nestorius and cast them off : but Eutyehes, who presented a petition. and
anathematized his heresy, on account of which he was accused, it accepted on
the ground of the actual petition itself and on the ground of tlie minutes! that
were written at Constantinople before Flavian, since it did. nol recognise
the poison that was in his heart, and the disease hard to be discovered was
in accordance with the human standard properly hidden from it; for the
divine Seripture plainly teaches that ‘man looks on the face, but God looks
on the heart?. But what will "anyone say about those who assembled at
Chaleedon, who received Theodoret and Hiba, who not merely hid the [oui
heresy of Nestorius in the heart, but actually displayed it with open face.
When the contents of the minntes' on account of which Hiba's deprivation?
took place had been read, and his letter to Mari the Persian, which was
full. of many blasphemies (a copy of which 1 have also sent Lo you, the
representatives of Leo, who had become prelate of the church of ihe Romans,
pronounced him blameless, making the following declaration! : € Pascasinus
and Lucentius the reverend bishops and Boniface the presbyter representing

1. ὑπομνήματα, — 2, I Heg. xvi. 7 — 3. καθχίρεσις, — 4. διαλαλία.

* MIS vh.
