296 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. 1124]

ܥܝܕܐ ܗܘ ܓܚܪ ܘܠܐܒܗ̈ܐ ‎Sais]‏ ܣ̈ܓܫܐܢ.. ܕܡܝܪ̈ܫܘܬܐ ܗܠܝܢ ‎Jh‏ ܐܝ̈ܬܝܗܝܢ ܥܠ
‎Lis‏ ܢܝܬܘܢ.. ܕܚܝ̈ܨܐ ܘܥܝܪ̈ܐ ܡܠܘܢ ܢܥܒܕܘܢ ܐܢܘܢ. ܡܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܚܪܙܝܢ ܠܗܘܢ:
ܕܚܟܝܡܐܝܬ ܠܘܐ ܩܘܛܪܓܐ ‎cr‏ ܡܦܩ ܒܪܘܚܐ ܘܡܝܕ̈ܦ ܘܬܐ ‎ον ἘΣ‏ ܗܝܕܝܢ ܟܕ
ܡܫܚܠܦܝܝܢ ‎LS νο»‏ ܠܪܚܡܬ ܚܘܒܐ ܟܝܢܝܐ: ܘܡܢ ܕܡܥܐ ܡܬܡܠܝܢ
ܘܡܝܢ ܚܕܘܬܐ ܪܘܙܚܢ.. ܡܙܕܟܚܝܢ ܡܙܕܟܝܢܘܬܐ ‎LS; V2? à‏ ܣܕܝܡܐ ‎LAC‏
‏ܘܠܙܟܘܬܐ ܕܒܥ̈ܝܐ ܐܚܟ ܒܫܬܐܝܬܐ ܡܟܪܙܝܚܢ. ܡܕܝܢ ܫܡܥܘ ‎Mors]‏ ܠܡܦܩ ܒܪܘܚܐ
ܕܒܪܐ ܕܝܠܟܘܢ.. ܘܕܘܢܘ ‎Lis‏ ܬܪܝܨܐ. ܘܐܝܟ ܕܒܟ̈ܦܐ ܕܡܣܬܐ.. ܣܘܥܪܢܐ ‎Jio Ns‏
ܒܚܝܢܘ. ܐܡܪܬܘܢ ܓܝܪ ‎JI Su Nas‏ ܕܠܒܪ ܡܢ ‎Jo‏ ܠܐܚܣܘܪ̈ܝܐ ‎we‏
‏ܡܛܠ ܕܦܝܠܟܣܢܘܣ! ܟܕ ܒܝܕܪܫܐ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ ܟܕܬܒ.. ܘܠܐܝܕܚܩܬܛܘܢ ‎Ην soc)‏
‎Sofinco‏ ܐܝܬ ܒܗܢ. ‎los yo‏ ܐܸܡܲܪ ܠܪ̈ܝܫ ܡܘܬܒܐ ܕܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ܂. ܘܫܡ̈ܡܗܐ
ܕܗܪ̈ܛܝܩܘ܂ ܠܐ ‎Jos‏ ܘܐܝܿܕܐ ‎μοὶ flasiso‏ ܠܝ ‎Jo‏ ܠܐܝܣܘܪ̈ܝܐ ܡܝܬܝܐ܆. ܐܡܬܐܝ
ܕܠܦܝܠܟܣܢܘܣ ܡܝܢ ܡܬܚܙܝܢ ‎r^‏ ܟܬܝܒ̈ܬܐ ܠܘܐ ܪܘܡܐ ܩܪܘ ܕܟܪܘܙܘܬܗܘܢ܆.
ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܠܐ ‎re L2‏ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ ܢܣܝܼܩ܆. ܘܕܚܬܝܬܘܬܐ ‎Χαν joo‏ ܗܢܘܢ ‎Lu]‏

1. Ms, ‏ܕܦܝܠܟܦܣܢܘܣ‎ , — 2, Ms, ‏ܐܟܠܐ‎ — 3. The adverb is unknown Lo (lie lexicons, — ^. Ms. αρῦξαν

reproofs to. sons in order to make them more' industrious and vigilant;
but, wheu they see them making a wise defence to the accusation and
dissipatiug the reproofs, then they exchange the desire of fault-tinding for
the desire of natural affection, aud are lilled with tears and exult from joy, aud
submit to a defeat that they have made an object of much prayer, and proclaim
the sons’ vietory as their own. — Accordingly listen like fathers to your son's
defence, and judge upright judgment, and test the matter carefully as in the
scales of a balance. You say in the letter that we departed from the strict
rule iu making union with the Isaurians, because Philoxenus, when he wrote
to them in the course of the controversy, testified that there is nothing wau-
üng in the edict?^, and said that he was in communion with the prelate of
Alexandria”, and did not omit the names of the hereties. Tell me what blame
this casts upon the Isaurians, since they are shown to have summoned Plhi-
loxenus by letter to the high standard of their profession, and, when lie would
not at that time rise to their height and range hunsell on the side of strict-
ness, together with the others to have left those who were in communion with

τ. μᾶλλον. — 2, 00 d. ο. the Henotikon, aud so wherever "edict? oceurs in the franslalion, —
ὃν Cf. < L., p. 20.
