‎NXNXN. — TO THE MONKS OE TUE EAST. 285‏ ]113
ܠܐ ܡܙܕܟܝܢܘܬܐ ‎πο‏ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܒܗ̇ܘ ܥܠܡܐ ܕܥܬܝܕ ܐܝܬܝܙܗܚܢ.
ܗܝܕܝܝܢ ܓ ܫܪ ܟܠܗܘܢ ‎«Vl‏ 259 ܕܒܬܘܠܘܬܐ ܐܬܕ ܪܫܘ. ܘܐܬܓܒܪܘ ܥܠ ܝܥܐ
‎js‏ ܘܒܣܚܒܘܬܐ ‎Jan‏ ܕܗܘܢܐ. ܘܒܛܟܣܐ ‎[xao‏ ܡܝܩܪ̈ܝܢ. ܘܐܝܩܪܐ ܠܘܝܐ
€ ܒܕܐܝܟ ܗܕܐ ܚܕܘܬܐ ܡܬܒܣܡܝܢ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܢܦܘܗܘܢ ܬܪܘܐ ܒܬܛܒ̈ܬܐ.

‏ܗܠܝܢ ܕܟܕ ܡܩ ܕܡ | 3 ܠܪܗܝܢ ܐܪܡܝܐ ܢܒܚܐ ‎σοι‏ ܐܡܪ܀ ܗܝܕܝܢ ܢܚܕܢ ܒܬܘ̈ܠܬܐ

‎Lisaïias‏ ܕܥܠܝܡܐ ‎Ar [ico‏ ܘܐܗܦܟ ܐܒܠܗܘܢ ‎Jon‏ ܘܐܠܝܒܝܕ ܐܢܘܢ
‎Aer:‏ ܘܐܘܪܒ ‎als 5) ssa Joslo‏ ܠܘܝ. ܘܥܡܝ ܡܝܢ ܛܒ̈ܬܝ ܢܬܡܠܘܢ.
ܘܗܠܝܝܢ ܡܶܝܢ ‎«Ml‏ ܕܠܐ — ܘܐܝܬܝܗܝܚܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ. ܘܠܐ ܡܬܘܡ
° ܡܘܦܝܢ. ܒܕܡܘܬ ܗܠܝܢ. ‎LOS‏ ܘܐܘ̈ܢܐ ܛܘ̈ܒܬܢܐ. ܐܢ ܕܝܢ ܐܝܬ ܬܘܒ ܡܬܚܐ
ܘܠܘ ܨܝܕ ܫܘܠܡܐ ܕܙܒܢܐ ܐܬܩܪܒܢܢ. ܡܢ ܟܠ ܦܪܘܣ. ‎où‏ ܕܒܕܪܗ ܠܐܝܣܪܐܝܠ ‎où‏
‏ܢܟܢܫܝܘܗܝ. ܘܢܢܬܛܪܝܘܗܝ ܐܝܟ! ‎Io: Ls‏ ܠܓܙܪܗ ܘܢܐܡܪ ܒܒܟܬܐ ܢܦܩ ܘ ܘܒܒܘܝܐܐ
ܐܝܬܐ ‎«est‏ ܘܐܫܪܐ ܐܢܘܢ ܥܠ ܬܦܝ̈ܐ ‎aei‏ ܒܐܘܪܚܐ ܬܪܝܕܬܐ ܘܠܐ ܬܘܒ ܢܛܥܘܢ܀

‎1. Ms. d.

‎in this evil present world, in which you showed inviucibility, but all of them
are more truly in the future world. Then all who have been exereised in
the life of virginity, and have prevailed over shameful passions and are
honoured for white-haired old age of the intelleet, and for the holy order,
and receive the accompanying honour, shall be gratified with sueh joy that
their soul shall be made drunk with good things, as to which Jeremiah the
prophet, depieting them beforeliand, spoke thus : « Then shall ντο»
rejoiee in gatherings of voung men and old men shall rejoice : and [will turn
their mourning into joy, and | will make them rejoiee : and | will make
great and make drunken the soul of the priests the sons of Levi, and mv
people shall be filled with my good things »'; and these things that fail not
and are as they are, and are never destroyed. Such as these are the blessed
homes and mansions. But, il there is yet an extension and we have not
been brought to the end of time, assuredlv ‘he wlio scattered Israel he will
gather him, and he will keep him as a shepherd wlio feedeth his Που] 16
will sav, « With weeping went they out, and with consolation will 1 bring
them : and 1 will make them to dwell by streams of waters in a right way

‎and they shall not again go astrav » 7.
. ‏ܢ ܫ‎ Ca

‎L. Jer., xxx virt, 13, 14. — 2. ‏ܐ‎ 9, τὸ,

‎t7N d
