‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [98]‏ 270
‎Icon‏ ܗܘ ܓܚܪ ‎c)‏ ܗ݀ܝ ܕܗܢܐ ܬܛܪܐ ‎Los‏ ܕܙܒ̈ܢܐ ܕܒܗ ܚܢܢ ܦܥܢܝܢ܆. ܟܕ ‎μυὶ‏
‎y‏ ܗܟܢ ‎ος Άλλο‏ ܢܫܬܐܠܚ ܒܟܠܝܠ ‎Ro‏ ܘܠܫ ܘܟܬܐ ܐܚܪܝܬܐ
ܐܝܟ ܕܠܡܐܡܪ ‎Ross‏ ܡܬܛܠ ‎où‏ ܕܟܕ ‎We‏ ܐܝܬ ‎Joo‏ ܠܝ ܕܐܟܬܘܒ ‎J'Nsa.5‏
‏ܕܩܘܽܿܠܣܐ: ܟܕ ‎bl E»‏ ܡܢ ‎Job. eo‏ ܕܣܘܬܪ̈ܢܐ. ܗܕܐ ܒܦܣ̈ܝܩܬܐ ܐܸܡܪ ‎sl‏
‏ܕܒܠܚܘܕܘܗܝ ܐܠܦ ‎Ἄομοο‏ ܠܫܢ̈ܫܝܢ ‎μ᾽‏ ܝܗܼܒ! >“ ܡܢܐ ‎SM)‏ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ
ܕܫܡܝܐ ‎JS ser‏ ܗ݀ܝ ܕܒ̈ܙܘܙܐ ‎cR MSS‏ ܗܟܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܟܕ ܠܦܓܪܐ ‎Jus‏ ܐܟܙ ܢܐ
ܕܦܟܪܐ ‎Aa Jisls‏ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܠܒܪ ܣܕܩ ܘܦܝܼܪܐ. ܘܟܕ ܠܪܘܠܝܝܢ ‎MST‏

‏ܚܬܢ ܩܠܝܠ ܐ ‎un‏ ܘܒܪܓܕܬܐ ‎où SLT) [Rss‏ ܠܗ ܟܠܗ ‎a‏

‏ܠܗܠܝܢ ‎το. DST‏ ܠܘܬ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܦܫܝܩܐܝܬܐ ܡܟܝܠ ‎ais‏ ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ
ܘܕܢܒܝܟܐ ‎uude το‏ ܥܠ ܡܫܘܚܕܘܬܢ:. ܕܐܬܓܙܝܬ݀ ܡܝܢ ܟܠ ܝܘܩܢܐ ܕܐܝܟܡ
ܗܟܢ: ܘܬܚܘܝܬܐ ܫܦܝܪܬܐ. ܡܛܠ ܕܝܢ ‎Geo, wi Jos‏ ܠܡܬܩܝ̈ܠܐ ܟ̈ܐܢܐ ‎oo;‏
‎Joi,‏ ܡܢܫܟܚܝܢܢ ‎oo‏ ܕܙܘܠܝܢ ܗܟܢܐ ܡܕܒܪ ܘܡܦܩ. ‎μοὶ‏ ܓ ܚܪ ܒܝ ܕܘܡ

‏ܚܟܫܝܡܐ ܘܙ ܪܝܐ ‎coto «οἱ που‏ ܕܢ ‎Just‏ . 9459 ܕܐܸܡܿܪ ܠܩܘܒܠܗ. ܗܠܝܢ

‎1, αι ‏ܬܗܒ‎

‎what poignant and heavy sorrow has shaken my soul? For il is à great loss
that this wretehed turbidity of tunes in which we oursclves have beeu lelt alive
should by such men being snatched away be gradually laid bare and reduced
so to speak to the last dregs.  Abont libn there is much that. ] might write
on the laudatory side, but, overcome by the multitude of subjects, 1 say this
briefly, that he alone tanght us and caused us to 6 before our eyes. what
is the kingdom of heaven that is spoiled, which spoilers 6 In such a
a way, Οἶδα in tlie fecble body as in a chain of lead, lie parted and dispersed
all things oulside, and by taking little thought for things that draw
downwards, and receiving strength throngh desire of heavenly things, he
fitted himself wholly for things above, to whieh he has now casily departed.
Thereforo we must both weep and groan lor our solitude, which lias been
deprived entirely of such à pattern and honourable example. But, since we
ought to bow our neck before the just scales of the judgments of God, we
praise hhn who so orders these things and brings them to pass : lor the wise
and strenuous Job somewhere says, « But if lie too hatli so judged, who is he
that gainsaith him? For what he himself wished hie also did »*. Aud for

‎1. Math, Ar, 12, — 2. Job, \ 111 09,
