‎XNXNIV., ΤΟ ELISIIA. 271‏ ]99[
ܓܚܪ ܕܗܼܘ ܣ ܐܦ ܠܕܒܕ. ‎«διο‏ ܕܫܪܝܟܐ ‎JA s EE xe e‏ ܕܗ̇ܢܘܢ
ܕܛܒܐܝܬܐ ܡܢ ܗܪܟܐ ‎«αι‏ ܢܬܐܦܪܩ. ܘܟܡܐ ‎Lys:‏ ܢܬܢܛܪ ܕܠܐ ܢܟܝ ܢ ܐ .. ܘܡܢ
ܗܝܡܢܘܬ| ܕܗܠܝܢ܂ ܠܐ ܢܦܕ. ܘܒܥܘܗܕܢܐ܂ ‎«sede‏ ܢܬ ܥܝܠܐ . ‎Lisa κϑὸ Lao‏
‎à Rom‏ ܠܘܬ ܕܚܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܬܟܬܒ ܡܢ ‎‘ami‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܝܠܟܘܢ ܡܛܠ ܬܘܪܣܝܐ
‎find os‏ ܘܣܘܙ ܘܢ ܢ! ܐܘܟܝܬܐ ‎LS tee‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܒܟܥܡܕܡ« ܬܫܬܘܬܦܘܢ̇
ܠܝܢ: ‎Nass eMe‏ ܗܕܐ ܕܥܝܼܘܢ. ܕܡܫܡܠܚܘܬܐ ܡܿܢ ‎κο ο‏ ܡܩܒܠܝܢܢ.
ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܙܠܘܪ̈ܐ ‎is‏ ܘܡܡܚܝܬܐ: ܝܕܚܦܝܢܢ ܟܕ ܠܘܬ ܦܘܠܘܣ ܡܠܦܬܐ ܕܥܕܬܐ ‎Ris‏ +
‎Ko;‏ ܚܫܚܬܐ ܡܝܢ ܕܝܠܝܢ.. ܢܬ ܟܚܕ ܘܢܩܦܘܣ ܢܦܫܝܢ. ܘܢܚܘܪ ܒܗ ‎«λον‏ ܗܳܝ
ܕܒܟܠ ܡܕܡ ܕܠܐ ܝܘܩܪܐ ‎LE‏ ܠܟܘܢ ܢܦܢܝ ܘܢܛܪ ܐܢܐ. ܠܘܬ ܕܝܢ ‎wc» JLas‏

‎o ἰο M94. ‏ܐܠܝܨܝܢ.܀ ܐܐܦܪܘܣ‎ Lis ÈS 0 ESS ‏ܗܢܘܢ ܕܒܗܝܢ‎

‏ܡܥܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܢܡܥܘܣܐܝܬ ܦܐܪܝܣܝܐ ‎Joc.‏ ܠܝ - ܘܐܫ ܐܠ ܘܐܚܛܝܦ܂ ܐ
ܡܘܗܒܬܐ ܡܫܪܬܝܝܬܐ ܐܩܪܐ. ܘܬܘܒ ܒܡܶܡܠܘܗܝ ‎où‏ ܐܬܚܫܚ ‎Slo‏ ܡܶܝܢ ‎NYSE‏
‎wp és apu Jamais Jamais‏ ܒܒܘܪܟܬܐ܂ ܒܟ ܘܪܟܬܐ ‎app‏ ܘܗܕܐ

‎| Ms. ‏ܘܣܘܢܩܢ‎ . - 2, Ms. @Slooal. — 3. Ms. witli slop following. — ^. Ms. ‏ܘܡܢ‎

‎the rest we pray that by the suintly pravers of those who have made ἃ
good departure. henee we may be saved, and as far as possible be kept
unharmed, and not wander from the faith of these men, aud. may be raised
to them im memory.

‎May these lhiugs be so. But in respeet of what has been wrilten hy
your love of God about tlie sustenanco of the poor, and our necesslly or
refreshment, and that vou wish to share with us in evervthing, and give
readily, know this, that we accept the full purpose of vour mind, but, being
small and weak, we look to Paul tlie doctor of the church, and as regards
our needs set ourselves to feel shame and refrain, and look at him who says,
« In all things 1 have kept myself without being burdensome 10 you and will
keep myself »'. But with respect to 1110 relief of our brethren who are
labouring under the same distresses, by. which life is oppressed, 1 will exert
myself, and will be importunate, or rather? will use lawful l'holdness of
speech?, and will beg, and erasp*, and incite to liberal giving; and I will again
use his words and say, « He that soweth sparingly shall reap sparingly; and
he that soweth bountifully shall reap bountifully » : and this he seals by the

‎1. 11 Cor, X1, 9. — 2. μᾶλλον, — 3. παῤῥησία. — 4 Derh. read Halo ‘and urge.
