‎XXXVH, — TO CIIARISIUS. 293‏ 1211[
‎Jon)‏ ܐܦ ‎Là‏ ܕܒܟܝܠܩܕܘܢܐ ܬܦܬܬܩ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܡܝܢ ‎ολα‏ ܬܣܬܒܪ ܐܦ ‎»o‏
‎αμα Ὑ 158 να.‏ ܐܝܩܪܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܗܿ. ܡܢ ܟܠ ܦܪܘܣ ‎"ας‏ ܥܬܝܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܕܢܙܝܥܘܢ 199
ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܢܗ̇ ܡܪܙܗܼܦܟܚܝܢ ܐܦܝ̈ܗܘܢ ܠܘܬ ܗܿܢܝܘܢ ܕܐܚܝܕܝܢ 6-5« ܘܕܗܠܝܢ 3«
ܢܐܡܪܘܢܼ ܕܐܝܟ ܪܝܥܬܐ ‎Load‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܢܐܡܪܘܢ.. ‎Las Loa‏ ܡܛܘܿ..
ܥܡ ܗܠܝܢ ܣܘܢܗ̇ܿܕܘ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ. ܘܬܘܒ ܕܘܬ ܐ܂ ‎tas io‏

‎caelo‏ ܩܕܡ ܗܠܝܢ ܐܡܝ̈ܪ܀
ܗܳܝ ܓܝܪ ܕܢܐܡܪ: ܕܙܕܩ ‎«Ns.‏ ܣܘܢܗܕܣ: ܘܢܕܕܚ ‎JI ο).‏ ܬܪܝ ܕܬ ‎:Lusas‏
‎JI‏ ܕܝܢ ܦܩ ܠܓܘ̈ܕܦܐ ܒܗܘܢ ‎[sog‏ ܘܒܡ̈ܠܐ܂. ܘܠܐ ܢܡܘܣܝܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܿ.. ܘܠܐ
ܥܒܘܕܬܐ ‎Jos‏ ܐܦܢ ܚܢܢ ܕܚܢ ‎RAS pe L5‏ + ܘܠܐ ‎“οἱ‏ ܡܢ ‎|i»‏
‏ܕܐܪ̈ܬܘܕܟܣܘ܆. ܘܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܒܬܪ ܗܕܐ ‎ds‏ ܡܬܬܙܝܥܢܘܬܐ܆. ܡܬܛܦܝܣ ܗܘܐ ܠܚܕܝܘܬܐ
ܛܝܫܬܐ ܕܐܝܟ ܗܕܐ ܟܕ ܫܠܝܚܐ ܓܠܝܐܝܬ ‎doe]‏ ܐܢܫ ܡܣ݀ܿܒܪ ܠܟܘܢ ܠܒܪ
‎«Ὁ t pav b.‏ ܡܐ ܕܩܒܝܠܬܘܢ , ْ ܢܗܘܐ ܚܪܡ . ‎OÙ‏ ܡܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܥܕܡܐ ܠܝܘܡܢܐ ° ܠܒܕ ܠܥܕ̈ܬܐ
‎eas‏ ܗܢܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ܂. ܗܺܝ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܚܝܕܝܢ ܢܚܓܪܘܢ ܥܠ ܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ‎DEN‏

‏ܘܢܨܕܒܘܢ ܕܒܟܠ ܙܒܝܢ ܠܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܓܒ̈ܐ ܢܢܝܝܚܘܢ܀

‎should be suppressed in conjunetion with all the religious synods, so that
from the silence it might be inferred that it too enjoys equal honour? Assur-
edly those Who turn away their faces from il would raise arguments against
those who hold to it, and the one would say, « It is suppressed as impious »,
while the others would sav. «It has met with tlie same suppression as tlie
other synods », and again there would be contentions and disturbances.

‎And again before these things he says.

‎For for us to say that tlie synod must besuppressed, and formulate an ortlio-
dox confession, but not reject the blasphemies with the persons themselves
aud the words, is neither lawful nor conducive to peace. But, even if we be
willing to shut our eyes, no one among the congregations of the orthodox ',
especially after so much agitation, would agree to such a spurious union,
since the apostle plainly says, « If anyone preacheth lo vou outside what ye
have received, let him beauathema »?.. What has thrown the churches into
confusion down to the present dav is this, the fact that those who are iu
power halt between the two sides, and wish always to please both sides.

‎1. ὀρθόδοξοι. — 2. Gul., 1, 9.
