149! NLVI. — TO HIPPOCRATES. 321

‎$us ο.)‏ ܕܐܓܪܬܐ܀

‏ܘܟܕ ܩܪܚܒܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܐܦܣ̈ܩܦܐ ܕܡܕܢܚܐ ܒܝܐܢܝܛܝܘܟܝܐ: ‎m. So‏ ܘܢ ܗܕܣ
ܡܶܢ ܒܟܬܒܐ ܐܝ ܪܡܘ: ܠܘܬ ܕܝܢ ‎Ap Lslas οὐδ «oo]N se d)‏ ܡܠܟܘܬ]
ܒܐܓܪܬܐ ܣܘܢܗܙܝܩܝܬܐ ‎ΟΝ‏ ܠܗܠܝܢ ‎Nae]‏ ܒܟܠܝܩܕܘܢܐ ܥܘܩܒܠ
ܗܝܡܢܘܬ| ‎ἐμὴ}‏ ܥܘܒܝܚܝܐ: ‎«el CC NOTE‏
ܠܚܕ ܡܪܢ ܘܐܠܗܢ ܝܫܘܥ ܡܫܝܚܐ: ‎«o.‏ ܟܝ̈ܢܝܢ ܡܢ ‎INS‏ ܚܕܝܘܬܐ ܠܐܐ ܡܬܪܢܝܢܝܬ ܐ
ܐܚܪܡܢܢ. ܘܒܬܐܪܟܢ ܟܕ ܐܢܢ ‎esp» I‏ ܩܝܘ̈ܡܝܢ: ‎bus so os Lin.)‏
ܐܣܛܪܝܘܣ°: ‎où‏ ܐܦܘ ܗܦܪܟܘܢ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܒܬܪܝ ܢܫܬܕܪ: ‎Rs‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܛܟܣܐ
‎Jesi nor où‏ ܐܣܩܪܛܝܣ. ܘܠܐ ܠܓܡܪ ‎ol‏ ܘܠܐ ‎AN‏ ܘܠܐ ܐܦܬ ‎ef‏
‏ܟܕ ܐܡܪ ܗܽܘ: ܕܗܼܝ ‎Jas so‏ ° ܕܪ̈ܗܘܡܫܝܐ ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܒܟܝܡܘܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܿ.ܓܠܝܐܝܬ
ܕܝܢ ‎eel‏ ܕܡܛܫܒܐܝܬ ܐܝܬ ܠܝ ܕܐܦܝ̇ܘܩ ܡܢ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎slo‏ ܡܢ ܟܘܪܣܝܐ.
‎ol‏ ܚܕ ‎“SES He‏ ܡܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܟ̈ܬܝܒܝܢ ܠܝ ܡܝܢ ‎[Lis Lias‏ ܣܘܢܗܘ̈ܕܝܩܐ
ܠܘܬ ܛܝܡܬܐܘܣ. ܘܗܕܐ ܠܘ ܕܠܐ ܟܬܒܐ ‎μι‏ ܐܠܐ ܘܠܘܬ ܕܚܝܠ ܠܐܠܗܐ ܡܿܠܟܐ..
ܒܟܬܒܐ ‎log‏ ܠܝ ܦܪܗܣܝܐ܀

‎1. Ms. wearll. — 9, M«. ‏ܐܶܣܛܘܪܝܘܣ‎

‎Of the same from the same letter.

‎And, when all the bishops of the East were present at Antioch ', and
anathematized the synod in writing, aud we addressed a srnodieal letter to
Timothy the prelate of the royal city, we anathematized what was done at
Chaleedon against the orthodox faith, ahd the Jewish Tome of Leo, and those
who eall our one Lord and God Jesus Christ two uatures after the incom-
prehensible union. And afterwards, when innumerable attacks were made
upon me, insomuch that the glorious Asterius, the ex-prefect? ol the city, who
held the oflice called ὦ secretis?, was sent alter me, I was not in the least
frightened, nor did I fear, nor yield to the. time, though he said, « The
kingdom of the Romans is iu a turinoil* on account of this », but 1 plainly
said, « I am ready to leave the city and resign the see, rather than upset one
stroke of what 1 wrote from the beginning in tlie synodical words addressed
to Timothy » : and this I did not say without writing it down, but 1 expressed
myself with freedom? in writing to the religious king also.

‎1. In 512 (Zach. Bh, vit, 10). — 2. ἀπὸ ἐπάρχων. — 3. As an ex-prefeet could not hokd fhis inferior

‎office, Ihe meaning must be that he was an ex-prefecl al Ihe. time of writinz, and his prefecture must
therefore he dated between 513 and 316. — 4. χειμών, — ὃν παῤῥησία,

‎* 159 ‏ܐ‎ b.
