‎XXNINX. — TO THE PRESBYTERS AT ALEXANDRIA 303‏ 131[
ܡܫܡܠܝܘܬܐ ܕܐܝܕܝܩܠܛܘܢ ܡܦܪܣܐ. ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܢ. ܠܘ ܒܪܚܡ̣ܡܬ ܐܝܩܪܐ ܕܐܟܬܘܒ
ܝܕ ܐܦܬ ܐܠܐ ܟܕ ܡܿܢܬܐ ܡܝܢ 39« ‎Jay‏ ܣ̈ܓܝܐܐ ܙܒ̈ܢܝܢ ‎κ᾿‏ ܒܡܡܠܐܐ
ܕܒܐܓܘܢܐ ܗܼܘ̈ܝ ܠܝ ‎Ram‏ ܒܐܓܪܬܐ܆. ܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܕܠܡܦܩ:' ܒܪܘܚܐ ܡܫܡܠܝܐ ‎aso‏
‏ܐܝܕܚܩܛܘܢ ܡܥܝܪܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܠܝܘ ‎sens auf pol t^‏ ܐܝܟ ܡܝܐ ܕܐܚܝܕܝܢܢ
ܒܥܘܗܙܢܐ .1 ‎ο‏ ܠܘܬ ܡܬܐ ‎pl‏ ܗܟܢܐ ‎ap No JA.‏ ܘܠܐ ܕܝܢ ܐܝܟ
‎où‏ ܕܒܥܚܝܢܢ ‎Ja ads,‏ ܕܝܠܟܘܢ ܢܝܩܝܘܡ. ܐܠܐ ܡܛܠ ܗܝ ܕܡܛܠ ܚ̈ܛܗܝܢ
ܬܐܛܪܘܢ ܗܼܘܝܢ ܚܢܢ ܠܥܠܡܐ.. ܘܠܡܠܐܟ̈ܐ ܘܠܟ̈ܢܝܢܫܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܚܟܝܡܐ ܦܘܠܘܣ
ܐܡܿܪ: ‎να... ass [ax Abo‏ ܕܗܠܝܝܢ ‎Jes Jis:‏
ܠܘܬ ܟܠܢܫ ܢܡܠܠ. ܘܡܢ ᾿ ‎Lies‏ ܘܡܢ ܟܠܕܘܟ ‎Rss AS pores‏
‎La so‏ ܡܪܘܕܝܢܘܬܐ ܕܗ̇ܝ ‎saga,‏ ܐܝܬ ‎εδ.‏ ܘ̈ܦܣܐ ܘܒܡܶܝܠܦܢܘܬ|
‎Rues‏ ܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܐܒܝܗܘ̈ܬܐ ܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ. ܘܠܐ ‎sou‏ ܓܘܚܟܐ ܘܢܬܚܝ̈ܙܐ ܡܫ̈ܠܡܢܐ
ܕܚܬܝܬܘܬܐ ܢܡܘܣܝܬܐ. ܘܠܐ ܕܝ. ܠܐ ܡܠܚܠܘܬܐ ܢܬܥܝܼܕܠ ܘܠܗܠ ܡܢ ܒܫܬ ‎jan, Jj‏
ܐܠܐ ܢܣ ܬܟܠ ܚܟܝܡܐܝܬ ܗܺܝ ܕܐܡܝܪܐ ‎ο ο‏ ܙܕ[ ܝܩ]ܐ ܕܐܒܝܕ ܒܙܕܝܩܘܬܗ.
ܐܦ ‎RER μοι‏ ܐܝܬ ܠܝܢ.. ܘܗܕܐ ܟܕ ܩܝܕܝܝܫܐ ܝ ܘܚܝܢܢ ܩܫܝܫܐ ܘܪܝܥܕܝܪܐ

‎1. Ms. ‏.ܕܥܡܦܩ‎

‎and a clear defence was made to us that exposed the iniperfection of the
edic. These things 1 was desirous to write, not out of self-secking ', but
because 1 have inserted in the letter a portion of what has often been
addressed by me in laborious arguments to many who maintamed that
the edict sulliced for a defence. It^is not as one might think because we
eliug to the memory of the edict that we are compelled to employ. words
of this kind, nor because we wish to oppose you; but, since by reason
of our sins ‘we have been made a spectacle to the world, and to
angels and to men’, as the wise Paul savs?, and we are lienceforth set
under the eyes of everyone, we must speak the words of truth to everyone
alike, and guard ourselves beforehand against causes of blame even from
all quarters, and use the examples and God-inspired. teachings of the holy
fathers to guide us in what is right, and not love laughter and show
ourselves betrayers of lawful accuracy, nor yet ineur blame for lack of
learning and spring bevond the bounds of the wrestling-space, but wisely
consider the saying of Koheleth, « There is a righteous man who perisheth
3

‎in his righteousness » Even now we are ready, and that since the holy

‎1. Represeuting φιλοτιμία, — 2. 1 0 Iv, 9. — 3. Eccl, vtt, 15.

‏ܙ{ ܐ 3:11 *
