' 0:1 gta.

303 LETEERS OF SEVERUS. 20]

‎Js‏ ܫܘܚܠܦܐ܂. ܡܩܒܠ ‎μὲ‏ ܠܒܪܬ ‎το‏ ܐܝܡ ܡܐ ܕܠܗ̇ ܟܕ ‎CON o‏ ܕܫܘܝܘܬ
° ܐܘܣܝܐ ܡܝܬܝܐ. ܝܕܝܥܐ ܕܝܢ܂ ܕܐܝܟ ܬܪܥܝܝܬܐ ܚܠܝܡܬܐ ܕܗ̇ܝ ‎Lacan,‏ ܐܘܣܝܐ.
‎Sfr 2à‏ ܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܒܢܝܩܝܐ ‎QN]‏ ܟܕ ܢܘܗܪܐ ܡܢ ܢܘܗܪܐ܇܇ ܘܐܠܗܐ ܫܪܝܪܐ ܡܝܢ
ܐܠܗܐ ‎Joss‏ ܘܗ̈ܢܝܢ ‎y‏ ܗܟܢ ܠܫܚ ܕܝܐ ܩܪܘ܆. ܘܢܩܦܐܝܬ ‎δι ah)‏ ܕܫܘܝܘܬ
ܐܘܣܝܐ. ‎ἢ‏ ܕܝܢ ܡܬܘܡ ܡܫܟܚܐ ܕܢܬܗܽܘܢܢ ܫܘܚܠܦܐ ‎n°‏ .+ ܘܠܐ ‎fioiass‏ ܠܘܐ
ܢܘܗܪܐ܂. ܘܠܐ ‎Joys,‏ ܠܘܬ 552 .- ܘܠܐ ܕܐܘܣܝܐ ܕܝܝܫܕܝܐ ܠܘܬ ‎uso oou] Hs]; δι‏
ܕܗܟܙܐ ‎as!‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎ο ns Li‏ ܐܢܐ ‎lo LAN‏ ܐܸܢ ܕܝܢ ܡܝܢ ܗܺܝ
ܕܕܡܥܐ ‎taime‏ ܐܢܫ ܗܳܝ ܕܠܐ ܫܘܚܠܦܐ: ܗܳܝ ܕܣܝܼܥܪܘ ‎Lai‏ ܕܒܩܘܣܛܢܛܚܢܘܦܘܠܝܣ..
ܡܣܒܪܢܘܬܐ ܐܝܬܐ ܠܝ ܥܠ ܡܠܬܐ .. ܐܝܟ ‎où‏ ܕܡܙܠܪܐ ‎Jas)‏ ܕܝܚܝܕܝܐ. ܐܦ
‎peu‏ ܘܙܘܠ ܚܝܢ ‎Jie»)‏ ܡܣܝܒ̈ܗܢ. ‎ARD sg‏ ܡܢ ܐܝܫܝ ‎aie)‏
‏ܕܕܡܿܐ ܒܢܝܢ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܢ ܡܥܝܕܝܢܝܢ ܕܢܐܡܪ܀ ܐܝܟ ܗܠܝܢ ܘܟܝܠ ‎yao‏ ܢܡܘ̈ܣܐ
ܕܐ ܒ̈ܗܬܐ: ܟܕ ܚܕܐ ܙܒܝܢ ‎paul)‏ ܒܡܦܩ ܒܪܘܚܐ ܕܐܝܣܘܪ̈ܝܐ: ܥܘܗܕܢܐ ܡ
ܩܝܒܥܢܢ. ܟܕ ܟܠܗܘ ܣܥܘܪܘܬ ‎Jas‏ ܕܡܒܢ 5 ܕܥܝܘܬܐ ܡܬܛܟܢܐ ‎ο Ns]‏

‎m ‏ܠܘܬܐܢ܆.‎ joo Lx ‏ܕܐ ܬܬܘܣܦ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܚܝܣܚܪ̈ܢ܇. ܘܡܦܩ ܒܪܘܚܐ‎ 2à

‎Ms, Pos].

‎coming to the same thing as co-essentiality, that is, according to the sound
meaning ol tlie expression *co-essenlialitv', which those at Nieaea also
understood, when they called the Only one ‘Light of Light”, ‘true God of true
God', and similar things, and ceonsequenilv introduced the expression *co-
essentiality'. But it is never possible for us Τὸ imagine any difference
between light and light, or between truth and truth, or between the essence
of the Only one and that of the Father. If anyone therelore takes it as | have
said, 1 accept ihe expression. But, if anvone severs "without variation
from ‘like’, as those at Constantinople! did, 1 am suspicious of the phrase,
as diminishing the glorv of tlie. Only one. For even in the case of things
that resemble in a few points also, and are very much inferior to the
originals, we are accustomed ollen to use the expression Jike! »*. n
accordance therefore with these enaetinents of the fathers, since a mention
ol the ediet was once inserted in the defence of the Isaurians, we bave
accepted it, becanse the whole evil-doing tai is eontrived by the ambiguity
was removed by the very fact that the things that are lacking were added,

‎1. In 360 ; see p. 128, Ἡν 1, — 2, Ep. 9, 2 (P. ας, XXXII, 269),
