324 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [102]

‎von Jos)‏ ܕܠܩܘܒܬܐ ܐܸܡܿܪܝܢ.. ܡܢ ‎eaae‏ ܡܫܬܬܓܫܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܟܕ ܠܐ

‏ܡܫܟܚܝܢ ‎o arp‏ ° ܐܦܠܐ ܩܪܝܢܐ ‎gaie‏ ܕܐܡܝܕ̈ܢ ܠܬܐܕܘܛܐ. ܐܠܐ ܐܚܪܢܝܐܝܬ.

‏ܩܝܪܝܝܢ܂. ܘܠܘ ܐܝܟ ‎JS νο τν‏ ܗܕܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܘܟܠܗܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ ‎y‏ ܗܟܝܢ: ܟܕ
ܡܝܢ ‎ὃν pos‏ ܟܕ ‎ων οἱ όν‏ ܘܟܕ ܐܠܗܐ ‎Dao!‏ ܐܝܕܐ ܦܫܩܢܢ.ً ܣ̈ܥܝܐ
ܡܢ ܐܬܡܠ ܘܡܝܢ ܩܕܡ ܗܟܢ: ܘܒܓ ‎as; so 15}, fsasoïso Las,‏ ܦܘܪ̈ܣ ܐ
ܐܬ ܛܟܢܘ: ܟܕ ܡܝܢ ܘܠ ܓܒ̈ܝܢ ‎x13‏ ܕܠܡܟܣܢܘܬܐ ‎ο‏ ܒܬܛܝܠܬܐܼ ܢܚܘܘܢ.!
ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ,. ܘܥܣܩܘܬܐ ‎Lis Jim‏ ܗܘܬ ܗܝ ܕܗܠܝܢ ‎se‏ ܘܢܓܝܠܐ
ܠܣܥܘܪܘܐ ܒܝܫܕܘܬܗܝܢ ܘܢܝ̈ܦܪܣܐ ܠܛܥܝܘܬܗܝܢ. ܠܘܐ ‎oo - sans, Labor‏
‎veh‏ ܢܒܫܐ܆:. ܕܐܬܐܡܪܬ ܠܘܬ ‎«a‏ ܕܡܢ ܐܝܣܪܐܝܠ ܡܢ 9 ‎bo‏ ܕܐܠܗܐ ̇. ܚܕܪܢܝ
ܒܕܓܠܘܬܐ ‎DCI‏ ܘܒܪܘܦܥܐ ܒܝܬܐ ܕܐܝܣܪܐܝܠ ܘܕܝܙܘܘܕܐ. ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܕܝܝܢ܂ ܘܗܳܝ
ܕܟܬܝܒܐ ‎DW PENES‏ ܕܒܚܨܝܦܘܬܐ ܥܕܒܕܘ. ‎CT‏ ܛܥܝܘܬܗܘܢ ‎ο κανε‏ ܟܕ
ܟܠܗܘܢ ܗܟܝܠ ܟ̈ܬܒܐ ܐܝܟ ‎L pos‏ ܗܘܬ ܘܬܪܝܬ: ܟܘܠܢܐܝܬ ܘܠܘ ‎Lacs‏
‏ܒܣܥܘܪܘܬ ܒܝܥܝܘܬܗܘܢ ‎RS‏ ܟܕ ‎DER‏ ܥܡܶܠܬ . ܘܟܠܚܝܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ‎Axa»‏

‎1. Ms. πο ‏ܐܚܝܘܘܢ‎

‎contradietory things, though the objeetors could not discern even the reading
of the words of Theodotus, but read them differently, not as lie words stand.
This therefore and all such points we have brought together from all quarters,
and, God stretehing forth his hand, have explained. them, and so have
shown the objections of the impious lo be vain. Tlie demonstrations whieli
they adduce are of ancient date and not of yesterday and the day before, and
they have been worked up by means of inventions and false attributions and
tens of lhiousands of contrivances, since they wish on all sides to show the
refutation of the impiety to be Iutile..— Therefore it was indeed a task replete
with great dilliculties to find these passages, aud lav bare the evil dealing
and expose the deceit contained in them. — These things the prophet’s words
fit, which were spoken in the name of God to those of Israel, « Ephraim hath
surrounded me with falsehood, and the house of Israel and of. Judah with
impiety »*' : and still better that also which is written in Daniel, « They
worked zealously to strengthen. their deceit which consisted in transgres-
sions »?..— Having therefore as far as possible read all the books, thoroughly
and not negligently, 1 made myself aeqnainted with their evil purpose after

‎1. Uus., XI. 12. -- 2. Nol in our texts of Dan.
