"cri ἂς

‎LEÉTTERS OF SEVERUS. 119;‏ 282
ܡܬܬܢܚܝܢ ܘܒܬܘ̈ܠܬܗܿ ܡܬܕܒܕ̈ܢ ‎do‏ > ܡܪܝܪ ܠܗ̇. ‎Sao‏ ܕܝܢ ‎où‏ ܪܒܐ.
‎Los où‏ ܕܒܬܠܫܐ ܒܐܥܦܐ ‎ge οὖι os‏ ܒܚܙܘ̈ܢܐ ܘܒܬܐܕܡܕܬܐ. ܟܕ ‎Xra5‏
‎jin. Jon‏ ܠܗܿܝ ܕܥܬܝܕܐ ܗܘܬ ܐܝܟ ‎ο‏ ܕܩܪܝܒܐ. ܘܕܟܡܐ ܒܝܫ̈ܬܐ ܥܬܝܕ ܗܼܘܐ
ܕܢܣܒܘܠ ܥܡܐ ܕܐܝܣܪܐܝܠ. ܟܕ ܡܛܝܒ ‎Jon‏ ܕܢܐܬܐ ܥܠܝܘܗܝ ܠܩܪܒܐ ܚ ܙܐܚܝܠ
ܡܠܟܐ ܕܣܘܪܝܐ. ܡܪܝܪܐܝܬ ‎Las‏ ܗܘܼܐ. ܟܕ ܐܪ ܗܘܼܐ ܒܠܐ ܐܣܝܘܬܐ ܕܒܝ̈ܫܬܐ ‎CA:‏
‏ܗܘܝ. ܘܠܐ ܡܨܐ ܗܘܼܐ ܕܒܪܘܠܝܢ ‎mas‏ ܘܕܕܠܐ ܕܡܥܐ ܙ ܗܘܐ. ܘܕܠܐ ‎(μ.ο‏ ܟܕ ܛܒ
ܥܬܝܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ 9361« / ‎vues sl‏ ܢܣܟܠܘܢ ‎Joss Lao‏ ܘܒܕܓܘܢ ܘܐܝܟ
ܕܒܕܘܡܪܐ ܐܡܿܪ ܟܬܒܐ ‎Lo‏ ܘܒܝܼܟܐ ܓܒܪܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ.° ܐܠܐ ܒܥܐ ܐܢܐ ܘܡܬܟܫܦ ܐܢܐ
‎«ο‏ ܝܚܣܝܘܬܟܘܢ. ܠܘ ܓܝܪ 5 ܡܢ ‎où‏ ܐܝܬܝܟܘܢ ܪܚܡܬܝ. ‎co‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܥܡ
ܓܢܣܟܘܢ. ܘܕܫܠܚ || ᾿ ܠܡܐܡܪ. ܐܝܬ ܠܟܘܢ ܪ̈ܚܡܐ ܕܪܘܚܦܐ ܘܕܛܝܒܘܬܐ.̇
ܒܥܘ ܡܛܠ ܥܕ̈ܒܐ ܘܟܠܘ ܠܪ̈ܘܓܙܐ. ܘܠܐ ‎ask‏ ܡܢ ܕܬܪܝܡܘܢ ܐܝܕܝ̈ܟܘܢ ܚܣܺܝܬܐ
ܠܘܬ ܝܫܘܥ ܕܝܠܟܘܢ. ܟܕ ‎«el‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܠܘܬܗ ܡܢ ܟܬܒ̈ܐ ܐܠܗ̈ܝܐ. ‎Ro‏ ܥܖ̈ܒܐ
ܡܢܐ ܠܝܼܒܕܘ .° ܚܘܣ ‎Lido‏ ܥܠ ܥܡܟ. ܘܠܐ ܬܐܠ ܝܪܬܘܬܟ ‎Ja‏ ܟܒܪ ܓܝܪ
ܡܬܪܟܢ ܒܗܠܚܝܢ ܘܡܬܬܘܐ. ܘܫܒܝܿܩ ܡܶܝܢ ܒܐܬܪܗ ܒܘܪܟܬܐ. ܕܒܚܬܐ ܘܢܘܩܝܐ ܠܡܪܝܐ

‎1. Ms. ‏.ܗܢܘܢ‎ — ἢ, Ms. om. slop.

‎are carried away, and she herself within herself hath bitterness »'. And
Elisha the great, who received à double portion of the spirit that was in
Elijah, the man of many visions and miracles, loreseeing that which was
future like the present, and how many evils the people of Israel was 1o
endure, inasmuch as Hazael, King of Syria, was to come against them to
war, wept bitterly when he considered the ineurability of the evils that were
coming, and under stress of these things he could not refrain, and abstain
from tears, and from pity. though thev were about to endure these chastise-
ments as they deserved. And therefore also the divine Scripture says as in
wonder : « And the man of God wept »?..— But HE beg and entreat vonr sanctities
(for vou are my affection no less thau lie?j, you who also suffer. with your
kindred, and, to speak in the words ol tlie apostle, « have a heart of mercy
and of grace »', pray for the sheep and avert the wrath, and cease not
holding np vour saintly hands to your Jesus, saying to him from tlie divine
Seriptureg, « These sheep what have thev done? Have pity, Lord, upon
thy people, and give not thine inheritance to shame »?.— Perhaps he will be

‎turned by these prayers and repent, and will leave in his country a blessing.

‎1. Lau, αν ἀν - 2, IV Reg, ( ΠῚ 03 Sie Syro o ἂν Gol, nt 12. — ὃν HE Reg., xxiv, 17: Joel, v $
