1^3, XLV. — TO SOTERIC. 315

ܚܕܐ: ܐܘ ‎Moe‏ ܟܒܪ ܥܘܗܕܢܝܐ ‎Jorsa ir‏ ܢܥܒܕܘܢ ܕܗܠܚܝܢ ܕܬܚܝܬ ܩܕܢܛܐ
ܘܕܡ̈.ܚܝܬܐ: ܐܝܟ ܙܝܐ ‎Las‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܕܐܝܟ ܗܟܝܢ ‎πα Je)‏ ܐܚܝܕܝܢ
ܡܬܛܡܐܝܢ ܒܥܘܗܕܢܐ: ܐܝܟ ‎où‏ ܕܡܕܡ ܡܝܬܐ ‎Nas‏ : ܟܕ ܥܕ̈ܬܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܗܘܦܪ̈ܟܝܚܣ
ܣܓܚܝ̈ܐܬܐ ܘܙܦܘ̈ܢܣܐ: ܡܬܢܣ̈ܟܢ! ܒܚܕ ܐܣܪܐ ܕܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ: ܘܡ̈ܬܕܡܝܢ° ‎JA‏
‏ܫܦܝܪ̈ܬܐ ܘܓܘ̈ܒܐ ܘܩܒ̈ܝܬܐ ‎sues‏ ܡܝܬܐ ‎où‏ ܕܡܟܢ ܕܢܛܝܡܐ ܐܢܗܼܘ ‎Nas‏ ܠܐ
‎Lions AR )pe‏ ܓܝܪ. ܘܒܝܣܓܝܐܘܬܐ ‎La‏ ܣ̈ܝܓܝܐܐ ܡܬܚܦܐ. ܗܠܝܢ
ܕܝܢ ܐܡܿܪܬ܂. ܟܕ ܡܚܘܐ ܐܢܐ ܡܢ ܟܬܒܝܐ ܢܦܝܚ ܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܘܡܢ ܐܦ݂ܝܣܩ̈ܘܦܐ'
ܪ̈ܥܘܬܐ ܩܝܘ̈ܡܐ ܕܡܠܬܐ ܬܪܝܕܬܐ܆. ‎Ja‏ ܕܒܟܠ ܕܒܗܠܝܢ ܕܕܐܝܟ ܗܟܢ ‎Js‏
‏ܣܟ ܐܝܬܝܗܿ....". ܕܠܐ ܡܕܡ ܠܓܘܫܡܐܿ ܫܦܝܪܐ ܕܥܕܬܐ ‎mages‏ ܬܕܥ ܕܝܢ ‎αλα‏
‏ܕܝܠܟ ‎eb‏ ܠܕܝܣܝܩܘܪܘܣ ‎Lime‏ ܐܦܝ ܣܩܘܦܐ¢° ܕܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ.. ° ܠܚܘܦܒܐ

ܕܩܕܚܡ ܣܝܡܟ.. ܒܝܕ ‎DIR‏ ܫܘܕܥܢܢ. ܟܕ ܡܢ ‎μη PD‏ ܕܢ .° ܐܦ
ܠܫܠܡܘܐ| ܕܗܽܘ܀

1. L ‏ܡܬܢܣܒܝܢ‎ . — 2, [, «esse 6 — 3. Τὶ pl. — ^. L How. — 5. € pl, but one point per. erased.
— 6. Apparently something has fallen out. — 7. Mss, ‏ܐܬܕܥ‎ — 8. L ‏ܐܛܦܣܩܦܐ‎ - το L er

city, or in monasteries perhaps make mention of the names of those who are
under suspicion and of dead men, like the snuilarly small amount of water
contained in a vessel thev are polluted by the mention, as if soniething dead

! aud of dioeceses are

were falling; but, when churelies of many provinces
held in one bond of faith, and resemble fair fountains and pools aud cisterns
of water, the dead thing which has tbe property of polluting if it fall cannot
injure; for it is swamped by the flow, and by the abundance of many streams.
| have said these things in order to show from the God-inspired Scripture.
and from the bishops, the pastors, the upholders of right reason, that in such
matters observance of every point is endless, and that mention of this kind?
does no injury to the fair body of the church. But your sanctity should
know that we have by a letter made the above project known to the saintly
Dioscorus also, bishop of Aexandria?, since we considered his assent also
most necessary.

1. ὑπαρχίας (for ἐπαρχίας: — 2. This i» the sense required. — 3. Preserved in S. L., rv. 3. The date is
Óhierefore 516.

λος vb.
"Là35v9b
