1133) XL. — TO THE MONASTERY OF BASSUS. 305

ܐܝܟܐ ܕܥܡ ܢܝܚ ‎[Le‏ ܐܟܚܕܐ ‎καλου δι δι‏ ܬܐ | ‎ko so‏ ܠܙܘ ‎ΝΣ‏ ܗܠܝܢ
ܕܝܢ | ܐܸܢ| ܠܐܠܗܐ ܫܦܪܐ.. ܐܡܬܝ ܕܠܗ̇ [ܟܕ] ‎à‏ ܐܬ݀ܝܢܢ.. ܦܬܝܙܐܝܬ ܐܟܚܕܐ
‎Ακ άλλο‏

ina ‏ܟܕ ܕܝܠܗ ܡܢ ܐܓܪܬܐ ܗܺܝ ܕܠܘܬ ܗ̇ܢܘܢ‎ mia
‏ܕܒܝܬ ܡܪܝ ܒܣ!: ܕܟܬܝܒܐ ܡܛܠ ܫܡܗ̈ܐ܀‎

«M ‏ܗܘܝܚܢ: ܟܕ ܒܕܝܪ̈ܬܐ ܒܫܠܝܘܬܐ‎ vM uà ολ. ‏ܐܝܟ‎ NEN
«xl Jo ‏ܕܝܕ̈ܬܐ܂.‎ wat ‏ܘܠܐ‎ faiso ‏ܘܠܐ‎ ..JAo NA ‏ܗܘܝܢ: ܥܬܝܙܝܢܢ ܕܢܬܬܐܒܥ‎
ooo sso, La 0 ‏ܒܣܘܢܗܕܘܣ ? ܕܟܠܩܝܕܘܢܐ'‎ *asloks |: “Lil
‏ܕܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ܣ̈ܓܝܐܐ‎ δι ‏ܕܝܢ ܠܘܬ ܢܩܝܦܘܬܐ ܘܚܕܝܘܬܐ ܟܘܠܢܝܬܐ ܕܥܕ̈ܬܐ ܩܕܝ̈ܫܬܐ:‎ NI
‏ܡܝܢ ܟܠܝ ܠܐ ܦܫܝܩܐ.‎ μύλο οἱ RM) μοι ‏ܘܥܕ̈ܬܐ ܠܒܫܟܐ ܢܚܘܪ.. ܕܡܕܡ ܕܐܝܟ‎
‏ܢܦ̈ܠܝܢܢ.. ܘܠܟܥܡܕܡܟ. ܦܓܦܝܬܢ.‎ Lila, ‏ܐܛܠܝܐܝܢ ܢܦܦܢ܂. ܟܕ ܒܪܗܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܠܐ‎ J lo
+550 JI ‏ܗܟܢ ܠܛܒܬܐ ܓܘܢܝܬܐ ܕܫܝܢܐ. ܡܕܡ ܢܚܣܪ̈ܢ‎ y ‏ܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ‎

܆ ܕܦܠܩܕܘܢܐ /1 ‎ἡ‏ --- ܒܣܢܗܕܣ ;)ܐ — ܕܐܫܬܘܬܦ ‎ἃ‏ ,2 — ܒܙܝ ‎L‏ .1

gratifying to you may be done, and especially whére with tlie gratification
there is combined lawfulness and reasonableness. But these things, ΠΕ
God pleases, we will jconsider]' at length together when we meet,

XL. ‏ܢ‎ Or THE SAME FROM THE LETTER TO ΤΗΕ INMATES OF THE CONVENT OF ΤῊΝ

HOUSE ar MAR Basses, WiliCil WAS WRITTEN ON TUE SUBIECT OF NAMES,

For, if we are about to require strictnoss like our strietness which we
observed when we were living in seclusion in monasteries, we shall not sulfer
presbyters or archimandrites, or anyone else who took part in the svnod
of Chalcedon, to be named. But, if we have regard to the complete conjune-
tion aud unity of the holy churches, which extends to many. countries and
churches, it is not easy suddenly to observe or think of any such rule :
and, if we do, we shall unwittinglv fall into useless confusion, and upset
everything, since such things are not of a kind to stand at all in the way of
the general beinetit of peace.

1. This is the sense required, — 2. Tho {ους on this subject παν be presumed. {ο have been
wrillen about the same Lime, and the dale is fixed by ep. 45 and 46, which were written while Dios-
corus was patriarch of Alexandria.

XL
G6 v^ α,

p ος t ἃς

alü-7.
