‎NXXV. — TO ΤΗΕ MONKS OF THE EAST. 287‏ ]115[
ܕܒܡܣܤܒܪܢܘܬܐ ܚܫ ‎Jlauso Jho [sas Jo mel‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܙܗܘܼܐ1 ܒܣܝܪܐ
1.355 ܙܩܝܦܐ ܕܒܝܢܝܐ ܘܕܦܘܪܩܢܐܿ. ܘܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ ܠܐ ܡܬܡܨ̈ܝܐ ܬ ‎J- 3 |o JN‏
‎cr‏ ܕܘ̈ܝܐ. ‎JLsäso‏ ܕܓܠ̈ܬܐ ‎aen Nass‏ ܠܐ ܡܬܚ ܒܬܥܢܢܘܬܐ ܡܫܡܗܝܢܢ. ‎Jo‏
‏ܡܬܚ ‎His Jas‏ ܟܦܪܝܢ. ܘܛܥܝܐ ܠܗܘܢ ‎sans‏ ܕܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ ܕܒܙܘ̇ ܚܝܕ ܠܗ
ܐܠܗܐ ‎sos, JD‏ ܒܣܪܐ ܕܡܟܝܢ ‎DM) ΤΌΝ‏ ܗܢܘܢ ܕܠܐ ‎Nul vM‏
ܡܟܬܒܢܘܬܐ ܕܚܛܝܬܐ. ܟܕ ]15 ܕܒܘ ܢܛܥܡ ܡܘܬܐ ܕܝܠܢ ܕܒܝܢܐܝܬ. ‎Ιμωο‏
‏ܠܐܘܚܕܢܗ ܕܥܠܫܝܢ. ܘܒܚܕ ܩܝܚܡܬܐܼ ܢܥܪܐ ܠܢ ܒܬܐ ܡܬܚ ܒܠܝܢܘܬܐ. ܗܢܘ ܕܝܢ ܒܬܐ
ܚܫܘܦܘܬܐ ܘܠܐ ‎.Jlolass‏ ܘܢܣܩ ‎D‏ ܠܘܐ ܛܟܣܢ ܩܕܡܫܐ ‎Sfr où>‏ ܐܬܒܚܪܝܢܝܢ.
᾿ ܐܢ ܓܝܪ ܒܒܣܪܐ ‎JAa se Jo μια... μ‏ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܼܐ ܠܗܘ ܝܕܝܦܘܬܐ ܠܡ ‎ολ‏
‏ܕܐܠܝܗܐ. ܕܦܐܝܠܐܝܬ ܢܚܘܐ ‎[ie‏ ܘܡܘܬܐ. ܝܬܝܪܬܐ ܗܝ ܛܒ ܡܬܒܣܪܢܘܬܐ. ܐܝܬ ܗܘܬ
ܠܗ ܓܝܪ ܠܐ ܚܥܘܢܘܬܐ ܘܠܐ ܡܚܝܘܬܘܬܐ ‎peo Jo‏ ] ܗܘܐ ‎y‏ ܕܒܡܣܒܪܢܘܬܐ
ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎eu‏ ܘܕܒܕܡܘܬ ‎Joy‏ ܩܕ̈ܡܝܐ° ܢܬܚܘܐ. ‎y μα,‏ ܒܪ ܐܢܦܐ ‎ejl‏
‎RAM‏ *) ܥܡ ܝܥܩܘܒ ܘܐܬܩܒܠ ‎Mas‏ ܐܒܪܗܡ. ܘܡܫܚܠܦܐܝܬ ܒܫܕ ‎lis‏
‏ܐܬܕܡܝ. ܗܕܐ ‎NX‏ ܒܪܘܘܦܥ ܙܒܫܐ ‎Jj No.‏ ܕܐܡܼܪ ܗܼܘ. ܐܠܐ ܠܘ ܗܕܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܗܘܬ

‎1. Ms. with stop following. — 2. Ms. sing.. — 3. Ms. ‏ܗܢܘܢ‎

‎like us and is susceptible of innocent passions, but sav that he suffered in

‎semblance, and that the flesh was impassible and immortal at the time of

‎the voluntary and saving Cross; and besiles other impossible things the
wretched men foolislily speak of false passions, and in false words they
name phantasy ' incorruptibility, and*leny tbe (rue incorruptibility, and they
fail to notice the wisdom of the dispensation whereby the impassible God
united to himself those of our passions which do not fall under the description
of sin, wishing in 3t to taste our death voluntarily, destrov its dominion
over us, and bv means of the Resurrection to set us free in incorruptibility,
that is in impassibility and immortality, and raise us to our first state in
which also we were created. 1f the Word of God desired to display passions
and death in unreal form, the Incarnation is quite superlluous. Ile had
the divine impassibility and immortality, and so also he might have suffered
as in semblance and shown himself after the fashion of former appearances,
as he appeared as ἃ man who wrestled with Jacob and was received in Abra-
hans house, and was represented in many forms through the propliets : for
this he himself is seen to have said in Hosea tlie prophet*. Dut this was not

‎1. φαντασία. — 2. llos., XII, 10.

‎"67V v.
