1037 ΧΑΝ, — TO ELISHA. 275

La cos) ‏ܕܐܦܠܐ ܡܫܬܟܚ ܗܘܐ ܙܒܢ̈ܝܝܢ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܢ ܣܟ. ܘܗܕܐ ܟܕ ܒܐܣܟܡܐ‎ où
Jl ‏ܕܩܪ̈ܒܝܐ ܕܒܝܡܝܐ ܠܕܘ̈ܟܝܬܐ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ ܘܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ ܡܫܬܘܙܒ‎ Lolo ‏ܐܚܬܝ..‎
‏ܕܚܟܝܡܐ ܘܪܚܝܡ ܠܡܫܝܚܐ ܙܟܪܝܐ ܣܟܘܠܣܛܝܩܐ.:.‎ δὲ ‏ܐܦ ܠܝ ° ܕܝܢ ܗܢܝܐܐ ܗܘܬ܆.‎ 1 ¢! va.
‏ܐܦ ܒܡܕܝܢܬ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܓܝܪ ܡܩܝܪܒ ܗܽܘܝܬ‎ Jj ‏ܗܝ‎ Jos, ss Saga
aum) ‏ܘܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ‎ joo ‏ܟܕ ܝܨܝܦܐܝܬ ܥܡ ܟܠܗ ܚܬܝܬܘܬܐ ܘܡܥ‎ UNSS ‏ܠܗ‎
‏ܘܡܢ ܗܳܝ‎ Joi, ‏ܐܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܥܕܬܐ‎ el ο ως ‏ܕܫܡܘܥܐ ܚܟܚܝܡܐ ܢܗܘܐ‎ Là
‏ܡܝܛܠ ܣܓܚܐܘܬ ܢܣܝܢܐ ܘܪܕܝܘܬܐ ܕܡܝܢ‎ sex» ‏ܕܝܝܢ ܕܢܗܘܐ ܡܠܬ ܘܟܐ ܬܡܝ ܗܐ ܠܐ‎
“οἱ ‏ܒܩܛܘܪ..‎ asso ‏ܘܥܠܝܟ ܕܝܢ ܕܚܠ ܠܐܠܗܐ‎ Loos ‏ܛܠܝܘܬܗ ܕܒܟ̈ܬܒܐ‎
Ar uà ‏ܒܨܝܪܐ ܒܡܕܡ ܡܢ‎ Jo ‏ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܡܗܝܡܢܝܢܢ ܕܡܗܒܟܐ..‎ 2o ‏ܟܕ‎
‏ܕܝܢ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬܐ ܠܘܘܘܦܛܐ ܐܬܝܐ‎ volo . ‏ܐܬܝܗܒܬ. ܡܢ ܟܠܠ ܦܪܘܣ ܕܝܢ ܘܪܒܬ‎
«na2xo ‏ܕܐܬܩܪܝܬ ܡܝܢ ܐܠܗܐ.‎ οὐ ‏ܡܛܠ ܛܟܣܐ ܕܩܫܝܫܢܘܐ1[܆. ܘܡܘܬܒܐ ܟܪܘܢܝܐ‎
.. ‏ܐܢܬܘܢ‎ ο) y-le hp ‏ܕܒܫܩܠܛܛܥܢܐ ܘܒܚܘܫܒܐ‎ AA ‏ܘܟܝܠًܠ‎ bl
Ὃ ο. ‏ܡܕܡ ܐܝܟ‎ spl . ‏ܬܦܓܥܘܢ ܒܡܟܬܒܢܘܬܐ. ܘܐ‎ Να...

much labour and after searching for each one ol them (often 1t could not he
found at all), and this though 1 am in a eondition' of exile, and flee from
one place to another for refuge like boats? upon the sea. To me also 1}
was gratifving that the wise and Christ-loving Zacharias the scholastic*
should read the dissertation mentioned : for in the roval ον also I used to
bring my works to him, when he would listen. attentively. with all eare-
fulness, and received from God tlie privilege of being a wise hearer of Jeru-
salem, 1 mean of the church of God, and did not shrink from being an
admirable adviser, on account of the great experience and instruction in the
sacred. Books which he has enjoved from his bovhood. And we believe
that upon you the religious presbyter Victor' the same grace hlooms, and
hat it in no way falls short of that which was given (o him, or certainly
it was even greater, and reaches a still higher standard on account of the
order of the presbyterate, and the priestly seat to which yon have 1
called by God. 1 therefore beg vou all to read the composition diligently
and with attentive thouglits and, as vour habit is, wiselv, and if as weak
men we have anywhere gone wrong to point it out. « That a brother
should be helped hy a brother, this also is the finn strength of a fortilied

1. σχῆμα. — 2. 920 — 3. The biographer ol Severus (P, O0., IT, 3 ἂν See above, ep. 6
PATR. OR. — T. XII. — F. 2. 14
