[1357 XLI. — TO MUSONIUS. 307

‎HER Αν ol μος:‏ ܕܫܥܡܗܐ ‎Ks‏ ܠܢ. ‎Lo 1 T UNE Ji‏ ܩܕܝܫܐ.. ܥܡ

‏ܐܒܐ ‎Ae μα. oJ! Jo‏ ܘܗܘܢܐ ܕܬܠܬܡܬܐ ܘܬܐܡܢܬܥܣܕ̈ ܢܗܼܪܬ. ܘܟܕ ܩܘܪܝܠܘܣ
ܕܝܢ ‎Μο‏ ܥܡ ܣܘܢ ܗܕܘܣ! ‎Jkss,o‏ ܕܒܐܦܝܣܝܘܣ: ‎vnm ο Las‏

‎JUS wmasio ko‏ ܗܠܝܝܢ ‎METTY CO‏ ܕܡܕܢܚܐ ܟܕ ܚܠܦ ܕܩ̈ܓܝܡܛܝܐ
‎Lis‏ ܕܗܘ ܡܬܟܬܟܝܢ 0001,: ܡܥܘܚܪܐܝܬ ܒܙܒܟܝܢ ‎5l oùp «n2 N.as‏
ܘܠܡܣܠܝܢܘܬܐ° ܕܕܘ̈ܓܡܛܐ ܣܢ̈ܝܐ ܫܠܝܼܡܘ. ܘܠܐ ܡܬܘܡ ܡܠܬܐ ܡܕܡ ܡܛܠ
‎Joss.‏ ܗܼܘܬ. ܘܟܕ ܛܒ ܟܡܐ ‎Où IR pas 59) Nu] psc‏ ܕܡܬܟܬܫܝܢ
ܚܠܦ ܒܝܫܘܬܐ ܕܢܣܛܘܪܝܣ. ܕܗܠܝܢ' ܐܝܡ ܕܐܡܪܬ ܚܕ̈ܝܘܬܐ ܓܘ̈ܢܝܬܐ ‎Jib‏ ܠܐ
ܐܝܬ ‎oS‏ ܐܬܐ ‎Lao‏ ܕܠܐ ‎os‏ ܟܕ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܒܟܢ̈ܘܫܝܐ ܟܘ ܐܡܬ ܡܬܛܥܝܝܝܢ.
ܘܐܦܢ ܒܬܬܟ̈ܚܬܐ ‎.λν ας‏ ܒܢܝܢ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܢ ‎cree‏ ܗܘܘ. ܡܛܠ ‎usa‏
‏ܕܒܙܒܢܐ ‎Joss (νου‏ ܡܕܡ ܓܘܢܝܬܐ ‎Ji JS {ολ so‏ ܠܘܬ ܩܛܝ ܢܘܬܐ
ܡܠܬܐ ܕܕܠܐ ܙܒܢܐ ܬܢܚܬ ܬܪܥܝܬܟ. ܐܟܙܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܙܒܢܐ ܕܢܡܿܠܠ ܘܙܒܢܐ ܕܢܫܬܘܩ..
‎ys eno “μ.5) Lisor‏ ܗܟܢ ܢܒܥܝܼܐ ܘܕܠܐ ‎dus‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ܒܗܘܢܟ ܢܣܒ
‎το]‏ ܕܕܒܝܢܐ ܡܝܬ ܪܐ ܗܘܼܝ. ‎Jo‏ ܬܚܘܪܐ ܒܟܿܢܝܢܫܐ ̇ ܕܒܣܕܩܐ ܣܪܝܟܝܢ܇. ܘܟܠܡܕܡ܂

‎1. ἃ ‏.ܐܦܦܣܩܦܐ $ ,2 — .ܣܢܗܪܣ‎ .3. G pl — ας Mss, Do ὃν )4 900. - ) ‏,ܐ‎ βίο. — 7, L ‏ܬܘܚܐ‎

‎forgotten them, not introducing among us any vain talk or super{luous
inquiry about names, but only assertiug the divinity' of the Holy Spirit
together with the Father aud tlie Son, and explaining tlie intention of the 318.
And, when the holy Cyril with the holv synod at Ephesus accoinplished
the deprivation? of the evil Nestorius, the bishops of the East, though thev
contended for liis rejected tenets?, afterwards agrecd to the deprivation? of
that wolf and the rejections of the hateful tenets?; and there was never
any discussion about names, although how many do you think had died
in the meanwhile, who coutended lor the wiekedness of Nestorius? For
these things, 5.1 have said, general unions have no room; but they remained
witliout examination; since many arc in fact passed over at councils, although
they have often been involved in impious opinions. Since tlien at the present
time some comnion agreement among the churches is hoped (or. do not
lower your mind to untimely hair-splitting. As there is a time to speak 1
a time to be silent‘, so there 1s a time both to inquire into a matter of this
kind and not to inquire. Bear these things in mind and be rightly disposed,

‎1. The word θεολογῆσαι is here preserved, — 2. χαθαίρεσις. δόγματα. — 5. ® HI, 7.
PATR. OR. — T. XII. — F. 2. 21

‎*G ^s ra,
