[155] Lil. — TO PHILIP. 327

ܬܫܡܫܬܐ ‎χα; κου ιο‏ ܢܦܢܗ. ܘܒܙܢܐ ܡܕܡ ° ܒܟܝܪܘܛܘܢܝܐ ܢܟܦܘܪ.. ܘܢܥܒܕ
‎Li‏ ܕܫܦܪܐ ܠܩܢܘܢܐ. ܘܐܝ݀ܟܢܐ ܗܕܐ ܡܣܬܝܒܪܢܝܬܐ ‎GR]‏ ܐܡܕܪ ܠܝ. ܐܝ̈ܟܢܐ ܕܚܢ

ܠܘ ܢܟܦܘܬܐ ܐܝܬ ‎ὃν‏ ܠܐ ܒܚܝܪܬܐ. ܟܬܒܝܼܬ ‎Len RA‏ ܘܚܦܝܛܐܝܬ.. ܘܐܝܟ
‎Jed‏ ܕܦܝܠܣܘܦܝܐ ‎lI‏ ܘܕܟܬܒܐܝܬ ‎«νι‏ ܚܐܪ ܒܢܦܫܗ. ܗܝܕܝܢ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܬ
ܗܘܐ ܡܠܬܐ ܠ ܗܝ ܕܢܟܦܘܬܐ.. ܐܢܗܼܘ ܕܒܬܪ ‎be Lions‏ ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕ

ܚܛܗܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܗܼܘ̈ܝ. ‎où‏ ܕܡܝܢ ‎οἱ [lai‏ ܟܝܬ ܡܢ ܬܫܡܫܬܐ ‎.rams‏ ܐܝܟܐ?
ܕܚܢ ܕܗܠܚܝܢ 36« ܕܚܚܝܛܗܐ ܩܕܡ 7 ‎dr τωοῦι‏ ܕܚܢ ܕܢܬܟܝܬܒ ܒܦܠܣܘܦܘܬܐ'
‎aan] Nea‏ ܙܩ ܕܢܕܚܠ ܕܚܠܬܐ ܐܝܟܐ ܕܠܝܬ ܕܚܠܬܐ. ܡܗܝܡܢܝܢܢ ܓܝܪ
ܠܘ ܠܒܪ ܡܢ ܪܘܚܐ ‎Lo‏ ܕܐܣܟܡܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܕܚܝ̈ܐ ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ܂. ܫܘܒܩܢܐ ‎Jod‏
‏ܐܝܬ ‎«o‏ ܘܡܫܕܠܝܝ ܠܒܪܢܫܐ ܥܬܝܩܐ ‎Sos cà‏ ܒܐܪ̈ܓܝܓܬܐ ܕܛܘܥܝܝ..
ܘܡܠܝ ܒܫ ‎où‏ ܚܕܬܐ ‎où‏ ܕܒ ܐܠܗܐ ܐܬܒܝܼܪܝ܆. ܒܟܐܢܘܬܐ ܘܒܚܣܝܘܐܬܐ ܕܥܪܪܐ 5 ܐܝܟܢܐ
ܕܒܘܟ ܐܡܝܪ ܟܕ ܟܬܒ ܚܟܝܡܐ ܦܘܠܘܣ. ܡܿܚܝܬܐ ܐܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܘܐܦܢ ܠܘܐ ܗܠܝܢ
ܕܝܕܠܫܝܢ ܐܝܬܝܙܘ̇ ܡܠܬܐ: ܠܫܘܪܪܐ ‎cos‏ ܕܐܬܐܡܝܼܪܐ.. ܚܝܼܙܬܐ ܗܝ ‎où Jj‏ ܓܒܪܐ

1. Ms. e — 2, Ilere hegins an extract in 0:0 = — 3. Il ‏ܐ‎ 0 — ας Il ‏ܼܒܦܝܠܣܦܘܬ|‎ —— 5. ἢ
Il. — 6. Here the extract ends.

that the canon requires blamelessuess, sought to range himself outside the
priestlv ministry, and in 8 way renounce ordination', and satisfy the canon.
How is this endurable? tell me: aud hów is it anything but a result of false
modesty ? You write that this man has lived both with earnestness and accor-
ding to the ordinauces of philosophy?, and, to speak in the language of Scrip-
ture, looks to himself”. — If tlie facts of that great sin which cuts off from the
priesthood or from the ministry had happened after the profession of monastic
life, then there would have been reason for modesty to plav its part. But,
where the facts of tlie sin happened first, aud the enrolling in philosophy fol-
lowed. how is it right to feel fear where no fear is*? We believe, uot without
the divine Spirit, that the holy habit of the monastic life carries forgiveness of
sins, aud strips off the old man ‘who is corrupted in the lusts of error”. aud
puts on ‘the new man who was created in God, in righteousness aud sanctity
of truth 5, as the wise Paul somewhere said in writing. | adduce, although
] am addressing those who kuow, in confirmation of what has been stated,

1. χειροτονία. — 0 φιλοσοφία. —3. II John, 8/7). — ^. Ps. 111, 6. — 5. Eph.. 1v, 22, 2^.

*
