0 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. ‏ܬܐ‎

ܡܶܢ ‎DE‏ ܗܺܝ ܕܝܢ ‎ο.‏ ܢܬܐ 1 ܡܬܬܕܝܢܐ. ܗܝܙܝܢ ܓܝܪ ܚܬܝܬ ܘܬܐ ܡܥܬܚܟܐ
ܘܡܫܬܕܝܐ. ܐܝܟ ܗܺܝ ‎leis o;‏ ܣܘܢܗܕܘܣ ‎eA‏ ܕܩܝܕܝܫܐ ܐܬܢܣܝܘ ܣ ‎Lu sais‏
‎[Bn‏ ܟܢܝܗܿ:. ܟ ‎NS]‏ ܡܢ ‎sie 2A‏ ܐܘ ܕܝܢ ‎νὰ‏ ܟܘܝܘܬ ܐܘܣܝܐ.
ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎LS ans]‏ ܢܥܩ ‎ο ας ον » Les CAN ASSN‏ ܓ
ܗ݁ܺܝ ܕܗܼܝ ܟܕ ܗܝ ‎e‏ ܐܘܣܝܐ. ܘܗܺܝ ܕܒܟܠܡ ܟ ܐܐ ܡܫܬ ܚܠܝܦܐ. ܐܠܥ ܕܝܢ ܟܕܝ
‎dx Rest‏ ܒܪܐ ‎LI‏ ܐܘܣܦܬ: ‎ei‏ ܕܝܢ ‎jas‏ ܒܐ ܘܝܐ ܠܒܐ . ܠܫܥܘܕܥܐ
ܕܠܬܢ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܓܒ ‎nni ενος > ARI TE‏ ܗܘܬ. ‎δα JW‏
ܛܘܥܫܝ ܡܢ ‎Low Joux ese‏ ܐܦ ‎Jo où‏ ܬ ܝܕܬܐ ‎DEC SML‏
ܐܢ ܡܶܢ ‎τον Las sw‏ ܘܠܐ ‎SA wax‏ ܗܠܝܢ ‎Nis‏ 9 ܚܬܝ̈ܬܬܐ ‎JN aspe‏
ܕܢܗܪܣܝܣ. ܬܐܥܐ ܘܝܬܝ ܠܪܘܦܥܐ܆. ‎eh: — Jess ew e‏ ܕܒܒܠ

MM ‏ܡܗ ܕܝܢ‎ ο Jac Q5 ‏ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ܓܪܝܓܝܪܝܘܣ.‎ bL Nul
EIE SAN ee as ‏ܕܐܠܗܐ ܡܠܬܐ ܕ ܡܒܥܩܪ‎ Es ‏ܘܚܢ‎ καλα.»
xac ax ‏ܕܗܠܚܝܢ:‎ JN Nos ολο... Ja ‏ܡܢ ܒܬ‎ Lixs ‏ܬܝܢ‎

.
twm tn

cos was C 19 sz cie gp, Int P e Suoperceont S νο Cuz

when the ambiguity is iutroduced. aud the? truth coudemnedl, for aceutacy
is then expetlod and barished. like that which! was doue bv the synod which
the holy Athamasins termed au assembly of Cataphas ', when it. inteo-
due tte expression "κο ond removed that οὔ οὐ στο αλα τν i order
that tbo Avis migtt und rstand t^ word πο to mean c reseubliuiz ..
audtbe orthodex Στ that wbicb isoftb»o same essence ^ and that which does not
‏ܐܬܐ‎ im at Cres. Buts ‏ܙܥ []ܐ‎ heu t proneuneed that the Son is οι the
Father. τ had added, “that od 00 ( d essence with the Father. tt
would by t 5 aditu bave Bite the ‏ܓ‎ 3 which is com-
mou to bot. aud cratteted toe cote c 1 9 From tE^ ambiguity. So also
α utau who nts oe cnet ccu ss a ob the diet. iD is evough for him.
and he dors a toadd t^e ok 5 werds 3: remove the horesv, opens a
door to tup?ety i νοὶ 9 the MN of the welttn w ‏.ܘܬܢܐ‎ aud falls under
)5 + seuteuees vu 94796 Greg in that he ts den detrimeunt to the truth,
But, ‏ܐܐ‎ besides tb ο dict be οσα oufeszes oue incarnate nature ef God the
Wonb gud anatlematizs tos. wo spegk ‏ܬܙ‎ two natures alter the union,
ue the operations aud pn por dos of these, and αὐὐ the. uuptety. that was

.-ν d : 9 ‏܇‎ 2 N . m ἘΌΝ 11 Sol. titre

CR: x ioco 7 ex ᾿ ` ± se ss bd ONE.
