0817 à,

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [110]‏ 288
ܠܗ ‎Jon ls po; δι‏ ܐܠܐ ܗܺܝ ‎οὐδοῦ‏ ܒܪ ‎Naxos [sa]‏ ܒܝܚܕ ܡܛܥܝܢܘܬܐ ܕܚܘܝܐ.
ܒܝܕ ܡܘܬܐ ܫܪܝܪܐ ܙܢܦܪܘܩ. ܘܕܠܘܫܡܬܐ ‎o,‏ ܢܥܒܕ ܬܪܥܐ ‎mp Luiass Lolo‏
ܚܫ̈ܐ ܠܐ ܡܫ̈ܬܠܡܢܐ. ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܓܝܪ ܥܠܬܐ. ܘܦܝܘܠܝܘܣ ‎Lio‏ ܠܥܠ ܡܢ
ܟܠ ܥܝܦܘܪ̈ܝܝܢ! ܒܐܕ̈ܢܐ ܕܠܐ ܡܬ̈ܬܡܥܢܐ܀ ܡܛܠ ܓܝܪ ‎μα»)‏ ܒܪ ܐܢܫܐ ܗܘܼܐ
ܡܘܬܐ. ܘܒܚܕ ܒܪ ܐܢܥܐ ‎Loo‏ ܩܫܚܡܬܐ ‎Lans! «Αα νου‏ ܓܝܪ ܕܒܝܐܕܡ 991.5
ܡܝܬܐܼܘܢ.] ܗܟܢܐ ܘܒܡܫܝܚܐ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܚܐܝܢ. ... ܕܝܢ ‎DAS‏ ܗ ‎ou‏ ܟܬܝܒ̈ܬܐ
ܘܐܬ .. ܗ. ̇ ‎«et‏ ܡܣܕ̈ܗܒܐ° ܘܡܪ̈ܚܐ ܐܡܪܚܘ ܕܡܓܕܦܢܐܝܬ ܢܐܡܪܘܢ ܥܠ ‎ΗΝ‏
‎La‏ ܘܥܠ ‎Has)‏ ܩܕܝ̈ܫܐ ܗܿܢܝܘܢ ܕܒܚܝܪܐܝܬ ‎as} anse‏ ܗܢܘܢ ܕܠܥܕ̈ܬܐ
ܩܕܝܫ̈ܬܐ ܪܥܘ ܒܙܒܝܢ ܙܒܝܢ. ܕܡܢܗܝܢ ܚܙܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܢܗܝܪܐܝܬ ܕܟܡ ܐ ܡܕܥܝܘܬܐ
ܘܦܘܚܠܝܦܐ ܐܝܬܐ ‎ye Jas NM figs Nas‏ ܕܪ̈ܚܫܩܐ ܫܡܝܐ ܡܢ ܐܪܥܐ.

‏ܐ

‏ܘܕܐܬܚܫܒܝܘ ܡܢ ‎Js‏ ܕܠܒܗܘܢ ܡܠܐ ̇ ‎αν)‏ ܘܕܐܘܦܝ ‎Js‏ ܒܐܘܪ̈ܚܬܗܘܢ. ‎Jo‏
‎cr‏ ܗܘܘ 9.390« ‎"μὴ:‏ ܢܪܕܘܢ ܘܐܦ ܕܐܪܚܩܘ ܬܪܥܝܬܗܘܢ ܡܝܢ ‎uà‏ ܕܥܠܡܣܬܟܠܘ.
ܫܦܝܪ ܓܝܪ ܒܝܕ ܗܕܐ ‎ο Jes‏ ܐܢܘܢ ‎Lisa)‏ ܢܒܚܐ܀

‎1. Ms. «27-922. — 2, Ms. sing.

‎what he desired, but that by means of a real death he might save the man who
had died through the deceit of the serpent, and make his own Resurrection
the gate and way of return to everlasting life. For this reason Paul cries
louder than all trumpets in the ears of men who will not hear : « For, since
by man came death, by man also cometli the resurrection of the dead. For.
as in Adam all died, so also in Christ shall all live »'.. But... with... the
Seriptures and... these hasty and presumptuous men presumed blasphe-
monsly to say against the divine Scriptures and against the holy fathers
who interpreted them in approved lashiou, who at various times fed the holy
churches. — From these things you see clearly how much diflerence and
distinction there is between truth and error even as the lieaven 1s far [rom
the earth, and that out of the thought of their heart they have ‘devised
words of iniquity! and that ‘truth has perished in. their ways, and they
could not walk in the right way! and also that ‘they have removed their
thoughts. From understanding”? For well did Isaiah. the prophet. expose

‎them beforehand by these words.

‎1.1 Cor, xv, 21, 22. - 2. Is, LIX, 1816.
