*(2101" b.

330 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [158]

‎Jo‏ ܐܠܗܝܬܐ܀ ܕ .܀1 ܕܥܝ ܗܟܝܠ ܕܐܢܬܬܐ ܗܳܝ ܕܐܝܟ ܥܝܕܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܒܡܪܕܝܬܐ
‎«Jon‏ ܠܐ ܙܪܩ ‎à‏ ܕܬܫܬܘܬܦ ‎Jlaslass‏ ܐܠܗܝܬܐ܆̈ ܥܕܡܐ ܕܢܩܘܡ ܡܐܬܝܐ ܕܕܡܐ܀
‎las.‏ ܒܗ ܒܕܡ̣ܚܘܬܐ܂. ܘܗܝ ‎ur‏ ܡܝܢ ܚܘܠܛܢܐ ܕܡܫܟܒܐ ܢܟܘܐ° ܕܓܒܪܐ
ܢܡܘܣܝܐ.. ܒܬܪܗ ܕܚܘܠܛܢܐ. ܠܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ ° ܕܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ:. ܕܠܗܦܟܬܐ° ‎Las‏
‏ܬܣܝܼܒ ܡܢ ܬܘܪܣܝܐ ‎où‏ ܕܝܬܝܪ ܡܢ ܟܠ ܪܐ ܙܢܝ. ܗܠܝܢ ܓܝܪ ܠܘܬ ܐܕܚܠܬܐ ܐܠܗܝܬ|7
ܘܠܘܬ ‎LA : ο Je‏ ܕܚܘ̈ܠܬܢܐ ܘܝܬܝܪ ‎Lys‏ ܥܟܨ̈ܢ܀ ܒܦܘܩܕ̈ܢܐ ܓܝܪ
‎Less‏ ܡܛܠ ܐܪܡܠܬܐ ‎ων‏ ܕܡܬܩܫܝܡܐ ܒܠܕ̈ܬܐ܂. ܡܕܡ ‎pes‏ ܗܟܢ ܟܬܝܒ .
ܒܬܪ ܕܝܢ ‎Pact‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܐܬܐܡܼܪܬ:. ܠܐ ‎sl‏ ܒܡܕܡ. ܐܠܐ ܬܗܘܐ ܡܫܘܚܕܬܐ.. ܡܛܠ
ܒܥܘ̈ܬܐ ܣܦܝ̈ܩܬ|°. ܫܬܐܣܬܐ ܓܝܪ ‎lasser‏ ܘܕܚܝ̈ܐ: ܠܐܪܡܠܬܐ ‎yh‏ 20«
ܡܫܘܚܕܘܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇. ܒܐܚܪܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܠܐ ‎ο Νο‏ ܒܐܒܐ ܕܒܫܡܝܐ.
ܒܙܒܢ̈ܐ ܕܝܢ ܡܛܟܣ̈ܐ. ‎mul‏ ܡܢܗ̇ ‎ho‏ ܒܥܠܝܐ ܘܒܨܦܪܐ. ܐܢ ܬܗܘܐ ‎mens‏
‏ܒܥܕܬܐ ‎«οἱ‏ ܠܡܕܒܚܐ ܕܝܢ ' ܠܐ ܬܬܩܪܒ. ܠܘ ܕܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܛܡܐܬܐ܂. ܐܠܐ ܡܛܠ
ܕܐܝܬ ܠܗ ܐܝܩܪܐ ܠܡܕܒܚܐ܀ ܐܝܬܝܢܢ ܕܝܢ ܐܡܛܠ ܫܘܪܪܐ' ܘܦܘܢܝ” ‎μᾶ «Αθ‏

‎|. (om, — 2, P om. — 3. P OMS. — 160 ‏ܕܗܘ ( .5 — ܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ‎ . — 6. P ‏ܣܦܝܘܬܐ‎ — ? P
wa9 ιοί.

‎judgment of divine wrath. 1. Know therefore that à woman who has the
usual flow of blood ought not to communicate in the divine communion till the
blood ceases to come. Il. Ou the same principle, in the case of one also
who has held the chaste intercourse of the couch with a lawful husband, after
the same intercourse, it is not in accordance with religiou that she should
[or the space of a day reccive the most mysterious food : for these things
increase men's awe and clearness of vision as regards the practice of religion
and the worship of God.

‎In the apostolic iujunctions something like this is written about a widow
who is appointed iu the churches : « But, after she enters upou her fuuc-
tions, as has been said, let her not be concerned with anything, but be
alone, for the purpose of undisturbed prayers; for to such a widow solitude
is a foundatiou of holiness aud of life : for she has had no pleasure in anyone
else but the God of gods, the Father in heaven. But at stated times let
her give praise apart, at night and in the morning. If she have ἃ mens-
truation, let her remain in tlie church, but not approach the altar; not that
she is polluted, but because honour is due to the altar »'. For the sake

‎1. Test. Doin., 1, 49.

‎ALLEE Emm ἄν
