680 S. IRENAEUS. ras]

E 13 3 | ‏ܒ‎ 0 Le ‏ܒ ܥܝ‎ Le ‏ܒܓܒ‎ 0 αρημοηῇ,
ρει pub : ‏ܐܐ‎ q[unpucb ‏ܙ( :ܨܐܐ‎ lih Ipsius 4: 3:8: 16:66:64 ἱμ(δ]ρο
‏ܘܙܘ ܨܐܐ ܙܐ ܙܙܨܢܙܙ̈ܐܙܙܪܐܘܙܙ‎ ἐν ‏ܨ« ,ܨܐܐ :»ܨ«‎ μον Gglecpulpsiph LE Le ubinleuiblathg,
μι ἐαξιμαΐμι ‏)ܐ‎ Many, be ‏ܣܚ‎ Guill pali nghi, 145 br quibun [ο],
‏ܪܐ‎ πο ορ à Be purge] loc μα
unu ( ‏ܝܓܣ‎ Li ‏ܝ‎ hapur ungui : ‏ܙ«‎ ἧι uelis uh i prisa ne [uc amd.
Le 3: b 3 ‏ܐܐܐ ܝ‎ μι ghi [oh HELP ‏ܝ‎ guru ‏ܙܐ ܘܕܐ‎ ΓΝ
Launedny ᾗ qnpb ipopesadurs ‏,)ܘܬܙܙܩܘܙܙܬܐ ܐܙܐܨܙܙܐ:ܙ ܕܐ ܐ‎ spy be ἀρ ῖν lan ‏ܝܬܐ(‎
‎saute npahof Be η ον ΡΕ ος qn] appo Le pda Eughaghh, op ο η
ungui. ‏:»ܗܙ ܕܙ:ܙܙ‎ appelant ‏ܐ« ݇ܐ‎ ολο δρ anm 8n :

37. Le 0 0 0 00 qup [unminugun. Connu £
Iib epar dp po espejo nS phwpbug ‏ܕܘ :̈ܐ :ܗܐ‎ muwplug qub πρὸ
la. 7 9 (05 La a 5 0 ‏ܡ‎
‎micis σσ 7 ΠΟ [1 dun, la. 02

‎li 7 * quii‏ 1 ܐ{ ܨ 00 ‎πι. quil‏ ܝܬ ‎uibncuhilung‏ ܘ

‎7): bi ‏)ܙ‎ uin uiplaug Guilujlipnà Πα ΤΠ 1795 15 ὑπ mbparou
iba μι ‏ܙܐ‎ cn, dues αφ Ἱπρυα β [πιο], ο ‏:ܙ‎ np ‏ܚ‎ : lul, nm ΠΤ ΤΣ

‎is the one who proceeds from the Father, the Holy Ghost and the commands
and statutes which he gave to the children of Israel to kecp. And he made
the tabernacle of the testimony by the command of God, as the visible pattern
on earth of the spiritual and invisible things in heaven. This was the figure
of the pattern of the Church and the prophecy of future things. In it were ves-
sels and altars and the ark in which he placed the tables. And he ordained
Aaron and his sons priests, giving to their race the whole priesthood, and
they were of the sons of Levi. And this whole tribe he brought forward
according to the command of God that they serve in the temple of God. Τὸ
them he gave the Levitieal law, showing what manner and what kind they must
and should be who were always engaged in the service of the temple of God.

‎27. And when they approached the land which God had promised to
Abraham and his seed, Moses, choosing one from cach tribe sert them to
spy out that land and the cities therein, and the inhabitants of the cities. Then
God revealed to him that name which alone is able to save those who believe

‎, init | And Moses changed the name of Ose, the son of Nave, one of

‎those sent, and called him Jesus’, and sent him in the strength of the name,
beleiving that he would receive him back safe because of the guidance
of the name, as it came to pass. — After going, they viewed and examined,
and they again returned and brought with them a cluster a big grapc.

‎1. Num., xin, 17.

‎10
