* 235 ve,

682 S. IRENAEUS. [30]

boul lu iupra dap. ση ‏ܐܙܘ ܐܬܐܐܐ ܐܐܬ‎ 1 7
η . bel διε αι Πρ] ἐδ πα μ᾽ I σσ 19b μεσα μή] ΠΩΣ ben lqngh :

98. ppl. [je ‏ܩܡ‎ Lip ‏:ܐ :ܙ ܙܐ‎ pali ‏ܝܚܣ‎ I ϑαμιμιήμωῖ la. ‏ܗܚ‎
‏ܙ ܐܙ‎ δι μα κι uh μονη δή, 2.17 t 1)! gneduipluu] qdoqoincpah
ισα iban pr ΠΣ μι νι εν . 7 ‏ܚ ܐ‎ quu qilióusbóuh
luunniôny, μμ μι. 1 πο σσ] σης μή plume ‏ܨ‎ b.
‏ܝܝ‎ qupiinnedhipulbuh hun, lee Leger ‏ܚ‎ an pEbupqu ‏ܝ ܐ ;ܐ :ܙ ܙ ܐܐܐ‎
αιμα, ‏ܐ(‎ μι αμ ιν μέν ‏:ܐܵܙ‎ : ἐρι. ‏ܐ‎ με Uplipopi uicpl ip, (63 ‏ܚ‎

9, " ΠΠ Τη 6: LU LL D Sun dip ἢ 7: ‏ܨ ܐ‎ jusque duyupp-

ΜΉΝ

39. 357 77 ghep 0 [057 0 ` 5 9
Le ων δια ο que gel p tele £ Be ur pu puit
ΣΝ
apu ‏ܨ ܨܘܨܘܢܐܵܢܗܙ‎ ο μην diplibph, ‏ܬܐ‎ mmm μας.
500 10 0 ΙΛ 7 7 Buu-
ερ] aff 270 0 (77 quaii pont  ' pun
drin [Hh βηριω άν, mp pour ‏:ܐ :««@«) :ܙ‎ lplyhumenpurgh: ‏:ܗܘܐ ܨܙ܀4 .ܙܐ‎ μολις ως
Ep 14099

hand from their left. But the whole faithless people died and perished in the
wilderness, little by little bearing the just punishment of their unbelicf. But
the children grew during the forty years and filled ont the number of the dead.

28. When the forty years were ended the people came near to the Jordan
and placed their camp against Jericho. — lIlere Moses gathering the people
into oue place, again repeated all things, narrating the great things that
God had done up to that time, preparing them and instructing those that had
grown up in the wilderness that tliev might fear God and kcep God's com-
mandments, ordaining as it were a new law adding to that which was at
first. This was called the Second Law in which are written many pro-
phecies about our Lord Jesus Christ and about the people and about the
calling of the Gentiles and about the kingdom.

39. When Moses had finished his course, il was said to him bv God :
« Go up into the Mount and die, for you shall not cause my people to en-
ter the land. » And he according to the word of God, died, and in his place
was Jesus the son of Nun. lle, dividing the Jordan, led the people into
that land, and destroying and scattering the seven races which were living
therein divided amongst them his people. Therein was the earthly Jerusalem
in which lived David the king and his son Solomon, who built the Temple
in God's name after the likeness of the tabernacle, which Moses had formed
aecording to the pattern of heavenly and spiritual things.
