1

[27] THE PROOF OF THE APOSTOLIC PREACHING καὶ 24-26. 679

ΤΟ ΜΜ ‏ܐܨܙܢܐ‎ enfin Sfar Ως
qe cp deo ο ο State ig: quelque npud Babe
15 s Be ἐν Ico ndn ): 50 [ei μα.
Ισ dy Spp le nume: Sepp
Lab : Bu ‏ܬܘܩܙ‎ qb dpesglongg Le prdunGuplangp ‏ܐܨܘ‎ μην sup Smaunynfibuie ‏ܢܐ‎
‎39 1( 7 ane 9 ‏ܠ‎ 66 6
1! 0 090 0 0 © [ 4 0 ‏ܕ‎
‎qaos] 1 995 ᾗ 0 0 0 δρ
πο gs ampoules Κι
ΩΙ ΙΑ ‏ܢܐܗ ܨܙܢܨܙܘܬܨ:‎ Tpomon
Ent alo ‏:ܨܘ :ܨܘ‎ dp, Le copas mpm ‏ܢܘܢܐܙ ܐܙ« 8 :]ܐ}:« ܙܐ ܙܐ‎ mou
gl, ‏»ܘܗ ܢܐ‎ Gepahgengh ud + κ μμ.
ema Hh aqui + ὃν ‏ܨܙܙܙܐܬܢܐ4‎ sq ropáfi ‏&ܙ :)ܨ ܨ: ,ܐܪܘ‎ Pop adldngh πέσο
Bldg: Gun πο ο Οσα.
Bou, ‏ܢܐ‎ ΠΜ σσ ώ.
μα.

90. b. Ισ η ‏ܣ‎ (1)! Unique gina ‏ܝܚ‎ | inuiju-
ο ο Le duni Uunnedng E" dis mp 6

25. And when famine extended over the whole land, it happened that
there was food in the land of Egypt only. Then Jacob, moving with his
whole family dwolt in Egypt, and the whole number of the emigrants was
75. But in 400 yoars, as the message had said beforehand, they became
660000 and because they were so much oppressed and afllicted in evil
bondage, and, groaning, cried out to God, the God of their fathers
Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, He took them out of Egypt by the hand of Moses
and Aaron, smiting the Egyptians with ten plagues. In the last plague
he sent the angel of destruction and destroved the first born both man and
beast. From it the lsraelites were delivered by the slaying of the lamb
without blemish, showing the suflerings of Christ as in a figure and by the
blood which was given to be sprinkled on the houses of the Hebrews
that they might be preserved uninjured. The name of this sacrament is
Passion wich is the cause of deliverance'. And dividing the Red Sea he
brought the children of Isracl, with great care, to the wilderness, but the
Egyptians who followed them and entered the the sca entirely perished. This
judgment of God came upon those who unjustly afllicted the seed of Abraham.

26. In the wilderness Moses received the Law from God, the ten words
upon ten tables of stone, written by the finger of God. But God's finger

1. The autor seems have interpreted the greck πάσχα in sens of πάθος — « passion ».

Or perhaps the Armenian translator, what seems more likely, had comitted the error
and has translated πάσχα by lppp gérk — passion M. of S.).

* 235^ r°.

* 233 v*.

* 234 m
