[61, TUE PROOF OF THE APOSTOLIC PREACIIENG καὶ 70-71. 713

be [hs ΑΠΟ Κε,
‏ܬܨ ܨ ܐ‎ ep rage . ‏ܘܨ ܕܐܨ‎ σσ spring: pb, nhau: quipquunosità
mf. poll quapqonnaód quai ‏ܙܘܢܨܘܢܐ‎ wm, np b Gui npa! ‏ܐܙܘܙ«‎ Li
‏ܕܐ ܨܐ ܬܙܙܙܙܢܛ ܪܘܙ‎ : ΠΟΙΟ ΑΝ.
‏ܬܪܐ‎ ο πμ αμ πα m dun
αχ, bplifiy ‏ܢܐ‎ 8:46 :

71. Le ‏ܝܝ‎ dap iul; ‏ܗ‎ "« Lug ‏ܝ‎ ΠΣ SE, 7: μι
dép μιδραΐην μι, η δα agas, προς moe pla μην παρω ‏ܨܐܐܐ‎
‏:ܐ‎ Shan»! Οσα Ep. nghi
ο "bp malo, Le fpe Εμ
pua, qb grub ΤΙ Surge Ep, pog Ακ.
109 s 9 ‏ܠܥܠ‎ 0 0 μὴ Supiio,
9739 7 a pm: 05 0 ‏ܓ ܐ‎ Le 6
be. ‏ܢܐ ܢܘܢܐ ܬܨܩ ܐܨܘ ܐܙ 8ܐܨ ܢܐܐ ܨܨܘܙܙ :ܨܬ ܨܙܨܙ‎ bal Gni[uhengh pulli, qb. » ‏ܨ ܀ :»ܙ ܕܐܘ‎
μὲ 9 77 πεηηπῃ loc )5 0 Le nof, αρα Le pif Popounnul
reno dl ο πα ο ο μασ
πμ ιν ‏ܢܬ‎ bah Zoscog iun ‏ܬܢܐ‎ σσ σα Up ‏ܘ‎ parques

1. lupp . '. 20.

said lest we should, on account of His enemies aud the pain of llis sufferings,
count Him too insignificant and mean a man, Lo correct us. For lle wlio borcall
these has a generation which caunot be told, for his generation is as his ori-
gin namely his Father indescribable and unspeakable. But know that He
who endured such sufferings had such an origin and do not despise Him on
account of the sufferings he endured for you, for a purpose, but fear Him for
His origin.

71. In another place Jeremiah savs : « The Spirit of our face, tlie Lord
Clirist! And how was he been taken in their nets, of whom wesaid, that under
his shadow we shall live among the nations ' ». And that Christ, being the
Spirit of God, must become a suffering man, the Scriptures show, and as if
astonished and amazed at his sufferings. For 116 must endure such sufferings
that in His shadow we may live, as we said, and His body is called the sha-
dow. For as a shadow is from a body, so Christ is body is from Ilis spirit. But
also is shown by the humiliation and despisableness of His body is shown by the
shadow, for as the shadow even of a straight and perpendicular body is 011 6
earth and under the feet, so the body of Christ, falling upon the carth by His
sufferings, was as if trampled under foot. The body of Christ is called a shadow,
for the Spirit came upon Him with glory and covered Him. And many times

1. Lam., iv. 20.

* 253 9.

* 2993 1.
