696 S. IRENAEUS. [44]

pu μι lapi + ὃν lag ἐδ δω E. gf, npm[ meslat E, be lgnpqph tou
Bupqupkp be πρ 0 50 (0 62
4:1 npau, uigibibpli L iisuililipinpli loque :

48. b. quipáliun mm ‏ܐܙ ;ܙ‎ ً « [ma Sky ‏ܚ‎ bi, DIT pi PI 4465, dpi;
2 4 ® ‏ܚܝ ܠ‎ pg ! uci quic pneplaal uinuiplugh E
SEp ‏,ܢܐܐ ×: ܐܐ ܨ‎ br ‏ܝܣ‎ b ‏ܚ ܚ‎ pg : [νη pl | uligpiuli guiencpli quipni-

2^8 v^. Pl B" μ ‏:ܐܙ ܐ‎ ΠΣ ΧΩ gura ‏ܚ‎ (η) πω όλως

qphq i bpgncan. SED Le ns gpl. ‏ܚ(‎ bu peru, ‏ܚ‎ T" [iin quiam Ut pp-
uliqblib, 2 SEp ‏ܚܚ‎ gril : Suugfuliug guienep ‏ܝ ܩ‎ παν, giainbug]
απ ο : Bmaluk μι
Subwqupéh wppgh, {μενεῖν ‏ܨܐܐ ܙܕܘܘܨܙܡܙ‎ ppápugncugk quide « ' : Upy ‏ܐ‎ eni pip
0970 70 (5 5 35 0 στ
Suppl 9070 5 5 ‏ܔ‎ 5 qiii la quiim: ‏ܠܐ‎ path
μηρί Poaushe np. be ριωζω ως «×: qhur ‏ܕܨܗܠܬܘܗܐܐ :ܐܬܘܢ ܘܙܘ‎ quidu-
mph πριν uignliuig dn dual uiponp[ily mung. ® Ong]. uippgl | Δια λνωναμεμόᾗ 15
‏:ܐܙ‎ & ωμσρβί pupépugmugé 4) ‏ܘܐ ܀‎ « . que fupalgBlnbh npa qlpngabl, be
‏ܘܙܬ :ܨ‎ licam ld la. udin lub μμηνᾶ μαι ‏ܕܨ« ܙ :)ܙ ܬܐܐ‎ :

1. Ung. af .

anointing is the Spirit with which Ile is anointed, and Ilis fellows are the
prophets and righteous men and apostles and all who receive the communi-
cation of His kingdom, that is, who are his disciples.

48. And again David says « The Lord said unto my Lord, Sit at my
right hand until I make thy enemies thyÿ footstool. The Lord shall send the
rod of strength out of Zion : rule thou in the midst ofthy enemies. Thy power

*. was with thee in the beginning of days in the illumination of the holy ones I

bore thee from the womb before the morning star. The Lord hath sworn
aud will not repent; thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchi-
zedek. The Lord is at thy right hand. He struck the kings in the day of Ilis
wrath. He shall judge among the heathen : they shall fill up with the fallen
ones : and the heads of mauy He shall smite upon the earth. Ile shall drink
of the brook by the way therefore shall He lift up the head' ». By this Ile
showed that Ile has been before all, as well as llis conquering the heathen
and judging all men and even king, who now hate Ilim and persecute llis
name, for they are His enemies. And calling [im the eternal priest of God
signifies His immortality. For this He said, « He shall drink of the brook by
the way, therefore shall Ile lift up the head », signifies Ilis humanity and the
glorious exaltation after His humiliation and inglorious state.

1. Ps., cix (ex) 1-7.
