1

[43] THE PROOF OF THE APOSTOLIC PREACIIING $ 46-47. 605

gba phil. Le hifi E ‏:ܙܬ‎ , Le bplqn gamer qeu απο μην vga EP [ωρα ο pp
Πω ο ο. ‏ܐܐ‎ quant Ισ Ισ...
gola, pal ἠδωνωσυρ η εἶν idus be ἡ pupen Hp aququgbuqe Sm
p Φωνυήμμει fea. Supgte qop πεῖν Uaubu, agp umen δα τίνι iffitlihgm gb,
op ‏.ܙܐ‎ μμ ‏ܨܐܐ ܨ:‎ (ἰἰδινημήμως ‏ܙܐ‎ bend upljduc ἄνα μην [nqog, ‏ܙܐ ܬܢܐ‎ Sang ‏ܐ«‎
‎0 ‏ܣ(‎

47. Up! Sbp E δαν Le δὲμ E pap, ‏ܬܐ‎ Vannes Sagph le 5:4
000 ‏ܙ 5 ܣ‎ 0 Ve aqua, por πμ μεθ] Le
αερα hub [xpi ‏ܐܙܘ‎ p aenean: que qui, be E ‏ܨܐ«‎ qu adn bl
0050 σα Πα 1 duh gb anlem
E ‏ܘܖ̈ܐ‎ híunnnqg ‏ܨܘܘܢܐܨܙܐ‎ Zegph ο δω εν Aba Hpqengs ‏ܐ«‎ E mih qu ‏ܙ‎
‎πο μι σσ σσ πι.
bin μαμα, Βρίμ μη ἶν αμωδω 474: quip: παρ] be fipqeng μα mul.
« linn. ‏ܘܕܨ‎ unen μοιμμοίμω δα μιὰ με ῖμῃ . ο ορ ‏,ܬ :6667 ܨ:‎ περ
quib[ipun πα θεῖε. ‏:ܙ :ܘܙ :ܙ :ܐܙ‎ 6 qp Vnnncus hop majo Blu unb puit
qigopqu po» ' £ 4868 ‏:ܕܐܐܐ‎ , pepe qb. οσα E, unn ‏ܨܐܘ« ,ܨܣ ܐ‎
1005 0 0 ppugn flat La ghegh que ὃ δια δη quick]

1. ως. le. τ-δ.

causes the rivers of water to flow abundantly from the rock. But the rock
is He. And He gave twelve springs that is the teaching of the twelve
Apostles. And the unbelievers died and passed away in the wilderness but
those who believed in him and were but children in wickedness, He led into
the inheritance of the fathers; it is not Moses but Jesus who leads us to the
inheritance, who saves us from Amelek by extending firmly Mis hands, and
leads us and takes us to the Father's kingdom.

47. Now the Father is Lord and the Son is Lord, and the Father is God
and the Son is God, for that which is born of God is God, and so, according
to the essence and power of llis being, there is shown one God who is yet
both Son and Father according to the economy of our salvation. Since the
Father of all is invisible and intangible to beings, it is necessary that those
who are ordained to draw nigh to God, receive grace to be brought nigh
to the Father by means of the Son. In a plain and clear way David speaks
thus coneerning the Father and the Son : « Thy throne, Oh God, is forever
and ever, thou lovest righteousness and hatest iniquity. Therefore thy God
hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows' ». For the
Son, since lle is God, receives from the Father who is God, the throne of
eternity and the oil of anointing more than llis fellows. And the oil of

1. Ps., ‏ܐܝܐ‎ (κιν), 6-7. S. Irenaeus quotes no doubt the LXX.

* ΔῈ} r*.
