‎l. — TO OECUMENIUS. 177‏ ]5[
ܘܝܕܘܥܬܢܝܬܐ. ܡܬ ܢܛܪ ܕܝܢ ܘܫܘܚܠܦܐ.. ܘܕܝܠܝܘܬܐ ܕܐܝܟ ܕܒܡܫܘܕܥܘܬܐ ܟܝܢܝܬܐ
ܕܟܝ̈ܢܐ ܕܡܢܗܘܢ ‎og‏ ܥܡܢܘܐܝܠ.. ܟܕ ܠܐ ܒܣܪܐ ܐܬ ܗܦܟ ܠܟܝܢܐ ܕܡܠܬܐ. ‎Jo‏ ܗܼܘ
ܡܥܬܐ ‎Jlassasses) y fo ΩΝ «ἢ‏ ܕܝܢ ܟܝܢܝܬܐ ܐܡܿܪܝܢܢ.. ܘܠܘ

‏ܗ݀ܝ ܕܠܚܘܕܐܝܬ ܘܡܢܗܘܢ ܘܠܗܘܢ ܢܪܚܩܘܢ ܡܢ ܚ̈ܕܕܐ. ܘܢܬܬܦܠܓܘܢ ܗܠܝܢ
ܕܐܬܚܝܕܘ ܟܝܢܐܝܬ. ܗܕܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܗ̇ܢܘܢ ܕܦܣܝܩܝܢ ܠܬܪ̈ܝܢ ‎μάς‏ ܠܚܕ ܡܪܢ ܝܫܘܥ
‎ο ρω‏ ܟܕ ܓܝܪ ܚܕܝܘܬܐ ܕܒܩܢܘܡܐ ܡܬ ܬܘܕܝܐ.. ܠܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܠܬܪܚܩܝܢ
ܡܢ ‎Je‏ ܗܠܝܢ ‎pl rn]‏ ܚܕ ܒܪܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝܢ. ܘܚܙܕ ܟܝܢܐ ܕܝܠܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ
ܡܠܬܐ ܕܡܟܣܝܿ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܩܘܪܝܠܘܣ ܒܗܠܝܢ ܕܠܘܩܒܠ ܕܝܘܕܘܪܘܣ
‎s‏ ܢܕܥ ‎Va‏ ܕܦܓܪܐ ܕܐܬܝܠܕ ‎Nas‏ ܠܚܡ: ܐܦ ܐܢ ܠܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܼܘ ܟܕ ܗܼܘ
ܒܡܫܘܕܥܘܬܐ ܐܡܿܪ ܐܢܐ ܟܝܢܝܬܐ: ܠܡܠܬܐ ‎«οι‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܘܐܒܐ: ܐܠܐ ܒܪܡ ܕܝܠܗ
‎Jos‏ ܘܠܘ ‎Me e| ssh‏ ܡܢ ܕܒܪܐ. ܡܬܝܕܥ ܕܝܢ ܚܕ ܒܪܐ ܘܡܫܝܚܐ
ܘܡܪܝܐ ܘܡܠܬܐ ‎ον ος‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܗܟܝܠ ܕܡܘܕܝܢ ܚܕ ܟܝܫܢܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܡܠܬܐ
ܕܡܿܒܣܪ: ܘܠܐ ܡܒܠܒܠܝܢ ‎LA‏ ܕܡܢܗܝܢ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ܂. ܝܕܥܝܢ ܘܕܝܠܝܝܘܬܐ
ܕܗܠܝܝܢ ܕܐܬ݀ܟܢܫܘ ܠܚܕܝܘܬܐ. ܕܝܠܝܬܐ ܕܝܢ ܗ݀ܝ ܕܐܚܟ ܕܒܥ ܘܘܕܥܐ ‎Lec,‏

‎1. Ms. with stop following.

‎preserved, and the propriety in the form of natural characteristics ol the
natures of which Emmanuel consists, since the llesh was not converted
into the nature of the Word, nor was the Word ehanged into llesh. We
mean in the matter of natural characteristics, and not that those which were
naturally united are singly and individually separated and divided from one
another : this is tlie assertion of those who cleave our one Lord Jesus
Christ into two natures. For, since the union in hypostasis is acknowledged,
it follows that those which were united are not separated from one another;
but there is one Son, and one nature of God tlie Word incarnate himself,
as the holy Cyril also says in the work against Diodorus : « Let him know
therefore that the body which was born at Bethlehem, even if it is not the
same as tho Word from God and the Father (1 mean in natural characteristics),
vet nevertheless became his, not anyone else's separate from the Son : ani
there is recognised to be one Son and Christ and Lord and Word who took
flesh »'. "Those therefore who confess one incarnate nature of God the
Word, and do not confuse the elements ol which he consists, recognise also
the propriety ol those that were joined in union (and a property is that which

‎1. Contr. Diod., fr. 17 (Cyr. in Jo. Ev., ed. Pusey, III, p. 499).
