[9] |. - TO OECUMENIUS. 181

ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܩܝܣܐ: ܡܿܡܫܚܠܦܐ ܠܗ ܕܚܢ ܡܠܘܢ ܠܚܙܬܐ ‎JL o‏ ܕܢܘܪܐ: ܘܟܠܗܝܢ
ܗܠܝܢ ‎oo,‏ ܡܥܒܕܐ ܒܗ: ‎lo‏ ܚܕ ܡܝܢ ܟܕܘ ܚܫܝܒܐ ܥܡܗܘ. ܗܟܢܐ ܐܣܬܬܟܠ
ܘܥܠ ܘܠܦܝܝܝܐ. ܟܕ ܓܚܪ ‎ΟΝ JI rl]‏ ܐܠܗܐ ‎ÈS .. αλ)‏ ܡܶܢ
‎où‏ ܡܐ ‎Lon ας «il‏ ܟܬܪ ܕܝܢ ܐܦ ‎où où‏ ܡܝܐ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ
ܚܕܐ ܙܒܝܢ ‎AA]‏ ܐܟܚܕ ‎Lane‏ ܥܡܗܿ. ܟܕ ‎JN ase‏ ܠܗܘ ‎RS‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܠܗܿ܂
ܐܥܒܕ ܕܝܢ ܐܦ ‎às où‏ ܡܥܒܕܢܘܬܐ ‎sortes‏ ܐܢ ܗܟܝܠ ܝܚܠܦ ܡܠܬܐ ‎Πα}!‏
‏ܗ݀ܝ ‎paies‏ ܠܗ ܩܢܘܡܐܝܬ: ܠܘ ܠܟܚܢܗ: ܦܫ ܓܝܪ ‎où‏ ܡܕܡ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ:
‎JI]‏ ܠܫܘܒܚܗ ܘܥܡܥܒܕܢܘܬܗ: ܘܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܕܝܥܐܝܬ ܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ ܕܒܣܪܐ: ܗܘܝ ܕܝܠܗ
ܕܡܠܬ ܐ . ‎[i S faz]‏ ܡܢ ‎[ὅλου‏ ܝܗ̇ܒܝܢܢ ܕܡܥܒܕܐ ܗܠܚܝܢ ܕܝܠܗܿ. ‎ASTON‏
‏ܕܝܢ ‎oy]‏ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܬܪ̈ܝܢ ܟܫ̈ܢܐ ‎nsu Ne‏ ܠܚܕ ܡܫܝܚܐ:. ܘܕܟܠ ܚܕ ܡܢ
‎‘Lans Lax»‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܠܗ ‎«sl‏ ܕܗܠܝܝܢ ܡܶܢ ܓܝܪ ‎I‏ ܘܡܣܬܥܪ̈ܢ
ܡܢ ܚܕ ܡܫܝܚܐ.. ‎T‏ ܐܝ ܐܘܗܝ ܫܝܘܚܠܝܦܐ. ܡܢܗܝܢ ܡܶܢ ܓܝܪ ‎xo οἱ‏
‎Lis;‏ ܠܐܠܗܘܬܐ. ܡܢܗܝܢ ܕܝܢ܂ ‎y JR]‏ ܐܝܟܢ. ܗ݀ܝ ܕܦܓܪܢܐܝܬ ܥܠ ܐܪܥܐ

1. Ms, Φος Cyr. μέν, — 2. Ms. Άν σου:

not make it cease being wood, but rather changes it into the appearance
and force of fire, and performs all its own acts in it, and is already reckoned
as one with it, so understand in the ease of Christ also. For, since God
was inelfably united with manhood, he lias preserved it as what we say 1
is, and he himself also has remained what lie was. But, after he has once
been united, he is reckoned as one with it, appropriating its qualities to
himself, but he himself also carried on the operation of his nature in it » '.
If? then tie Word changed the manhood which he had hypostatically united
to him, not into liis nature, for li? remained that which he was, but into his
glory and operation, and things which manifestly belong to the flesh have
come to belong to the Word himself, how shall we allow that each of the
forins performs its own acts? But we must anathematize those who confine
the one Christ in two natures and say that each of the natures performs its
own acts. Between the things performed and done bv the one Christ the
dilferenee is great. Some of them are acts befitting the divinity, while
others are human. For example, to walk and travel in bodily form upon

1. Scliol. de Inc. Unig., 9 (ed. Pusey, VI, p. 516). — 2. This passage as far as * operating ` (p. I0, 1. 6)
is cited in Mansi, XI, 4*5, where the letler is described as tlie 2" to Oecumenius.
