* 119 v? à.

176 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [^]

ܘܐܐܣܒ ܒܦܘܡܝ ܩܝܡܗ. ܒܪܡ ܡܛܠ ܕܙܒܢܐ ){ ‎μας‏ ܕܩܚܬܡܝܝܢ: ‎J|‏ ܡܿܕ݂ܦܣ
‎«ολ‏ ܡܙܕܟܐ ܐܢܐ ܡܢܟ ܡܙܕܟܝܢܘܬܐ ܫܦܝܪܬܐ܂. ܘܡܿܦܢܐ ܐܢܐ ܠܘܬ ‎«ο‏ ܘܒܗܕܐ
ܐܟܐ ܐܢܐ ܠܡ ܟܕ ‎sio] Jeux‏ ܕܠܘ ܦܝܠܣܘܦܝܣܐ ܠܒܕ ܐܢܬ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܟܝܟܘܬܐ.
ܡܛܠ ܕܝܢ 29 ܕܐܡܝܼܪܬ: ܕܣܒ̈ܐ ‎bore‏ ܠܦܪܗܣܝܐ ܢܘܪܐ ܐܘܟܝܬ ܝܡ ܚܡܘܬܐ
‎oko‏ ܗܕܐ ܐܡܿܪ ܐܢܐ. ܕܠܘ ܕܠܐ ܦܘܪܫܐ ܒܗܕܐ ܡܠܬܐ ‎sus οὐ‏ ܐܠܐ ܐܝܬ
‎uso]‏ ܘܥܠ ܐܝܠܝܢ. ܡܿܠܦ ܓܝܪ ‎Ke‏ ܒܐܘ̈ܢܓܠܝܐ ܒ̈ܦܬܐܬܐ ܣ̈ܓܝܐܬܐ܂. ܕܡܛܠ
‎Σι.‏ ܪ̈ܘܚܢܝܬܐ ‎SEA. J os‏ ܘܓܘܡܕܐ ܡܫܦܬܒܚܢܥ ܐ ܢܒܓܡܢ. ‎μι‏ ܠܢ
ܕܝܝܢ ܘܡܠܬܐ ܕܡ̈ܬܐܐ܂. ܕܐܝܬ ‎ο‏ ܕܡܶܝܬܝܐ ܚܛܝܝܼܬܐ. ° ܘܐܝܬ ܒܗܬܬܐ܂ ܕܡܝܬܝܐ
ܫܘܒܚܐ ܘܛܚܒܘܬܐ. ܕܥ ܗܟܝܠ ‎LI οἱ‏ ܠܘܬ ܓܝܪ ܦܘܢܝ ܦܬܓܡܐ ܡܟܝܠ
ܡܗܦܟ ܐܢܐ ܠܡܠܬ[ ,. ܕܗܺܝ ‎had‏ ܠܗܠܝܢ ‎«lh‏ ܕܝ̈ܶܠܝܬܐ ‎«κου‏ ܐܠܗܘܬܐ
‎exl‏ ܐܢܐ ܘܐܢܥܘܬܐ ܕܡܢܗܝܢ ‎où‏ ܚܕ ܡܫܝܚܐ.. ܠܐ ܚܣܚܐ. ܠܐ ܓܝܪ ‎Qc Jem»‏
ܒܗ݀ܝ ܕܢܗܘܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܒܣܪܐ: ܐܦܢ ܗܘܐ ‎Jess‏ ܕܐܠܗܐ .. ܘܠܐ ‎où‏ ܡܠܬܐ ܐܪܚܩ
ܡܢ ܟܝܢܗ. ܐܦܢ ܐܬܚܝܕ ܠܒܣܪܐ ܩܢܘܡܐܝܬ:. ܕܢܦܫܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܗ ܡܠܝܠܬܐ

1. Ms, M28,

my mouth'. However, since the time of the present struggles does not
allow silence, | accept an honourable defeat from you, and turn to the
question. And in this I. defeat you, since 1 show that you do not prac-
lise humility in a philosophie spivit?. As to your statement that the holy
old men called bold speech? fire or warmth, I say this, that we must not
use this method of speaking without discrimination, but there are occasions
for using it and cireumstances to which to apply it. Our Lord in the Gos-
pels in many parables teaches us in the case of spiritual petitions to knock
without ceasing and display a praiseworthy audacity.. And the saying of
ihe Proverbs also instructs us that ‘there is shame which brings sin, aud

there is shame which brings glory and grace''. Know then, mighty man,
(for I now return to make answer) that for us to anathematize those who
speak of properties of natures (1 mean the Godhead and the manhood of
which the one Christ consists) is not permissible. Flesh does not renounce
its existence as flesh, even if it has become God's flesh, nor has the Word
departed from his nature, even if he has been hypostatically united to flesh

wlüch possesses a rational and intelligent soul : but the «difference also is

1. Ps. XLIX, 16. — 2, The word φιλοσοφῆσαι is here transliteraled. — 3. παῤῥησία, — 4, Dr,, xxvi. 11*.
