[19] it. — TO OECUMENIUS. 191

‎sy no‏ ܘܦܪܨܘܦܐ ‎Luis,‏ ܡܕܬܟܬܒ ܥܠܘܗܝ. ‎γόμοοο‏ 99« ܪܒܐ ܐܬܢܣܝܘܣ܆.

‏ܕܒܐܝܓܪܬܐ ܗܺܝ ܕܠܘܬ ܝܘܒܝܢܝܢܘܣ ܡܿܠܟܐ 557 ܡܚܕܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܒܚܣܪܐ.. ܡܚܕܐ
ܒܣܪܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܡܠܬܐ. ܘܡܚܝܕܐ ܕܒܣܪܐ ܡܢܦܫܐ ܘܡܠܚܐܐ.܂. ܡܚܕܐ ܒܣܪܐ ܡܢܦܝܐ
ܡܠܝܠܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎JN‏ ܒܗ ܓܝܪ ܘܩܘ݀ܝܝܡܐ ܗܘܐ ܠ ܗ܀ ܣܗܿܕ ܕܝܢ ܘܩܝܕܝܫܝܐ
ܩܘܪܝܠܘܣ܆. ܟܕ ܠܘܐ ‎Ls‏ ܕܝܕܘܪܘܣ ܟܬܒ ܗܟܝܢܐ܀ ‎BN οἱ‏ $1 ܐܢܐ ..
‎JLo" Aus‏ ܠܐ ܝ̈ܠܝܦܬܐ ‎ss‏ ܐܢܬ . ܘܕܣܓܝܫ ܟܪ̈ܝܗܢ ܒܫܟܝܪܘܬܐ. ܗܘܼܐ ܡܢ ܓܝܪ
ܡܝܢ ܡܪܝܡ܂ ܦܓܪܐ ‎où‏ ܩܕܝܫܐ. ܐܠܐ ܒܪܡ ܒܗܘ ‎Liass‏ ܕܩܝܒܥܗ ܐܘܟܝܬ ‎oaa)‏
‏ܕܒܡܪܒܥܐ.. ܩܕܝܫܐ ܗܘܐ܂ ܐܝܟ ܦܓܪܐ ܕܡܫܝܚܐ. ܘܥܕܢܐ܂ ܘܠܐ ܚܕ ܝܙܐ ‎ei «οἱ‏
ܡܝܢ ‎os‏ ܠܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎μα... Jon‏ ܕܝܢ ܡܠܘܢ ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎πον‏ 6.570[ ܠܗܠܝܢ
ܒܝܣܪ̈ܐ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ܀ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܒ̈ܢܬ ‎J‏ ܢܦܝ̈ܚܬ ܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܐܒܝܪܘ̈ܬܐ ‎Las‏ ܟܕ
ܢܩܦ ܐܢܬ: ܘܠܝܡܪܢ ‎Ko‏ ܝܫܘܥ ܡܫܝܚܐ: ܡܢ ܬܙ̈ܝܢ ܟܝܫ̈ܝܢܐ ܡܝ ܘܕܐ ܐܢܬ ..
ܒܗܘܢ ܒܩ̈ܢܘܡܐ ܙܝ̈ܠܝܢܝܐ ‎NC ET RE shes]‏ ܥܡܢܘܐܝܠ. ܘܒܟܢܝܢܘܬܐ
‎Jes‏ ܕܗܠܚܝܢ. ܘܠܐ ܬ ܣܝܩ ܠܝܘܬ ‎Lai.‏ ܘܐܘܣ̈ܝܣ܆. ܕܐܠܗܘܬܐ ܟܘܠܢܝܬܐ

‎before the union with him, nor was a distinct person assigned to it'. And
the great Athanasius bears witness, who in the letter to Jovinian the king
says : « ΑΔΒ soon as there is flesh, there is at once flesli οἱ God the Word;
land, as soon as there is soul-possessing and rational flesh?, there 15 at once
soul-possessing rational flesh lof God the Word? : for in him also it aequired
subsistenee »?. And the holy Cyril also testifies, addressing the impious
Diodorus as follows : « My excellent man, 1 say that you are shooting
fortli unlearned words much affected with what is abhorrent. For the holy
body was from Mary, but still at the very beginning of its concretion or
subsistence in the womb it was made holy, as tlie body of Christ, and no one
can see any time at which it was ποὺ his, but rather simple as vou say and
the same as this flesh of other men »*. Following these God-inspired words
of the holy fathers, and confessing our Lord Jesus Christ to be of two
natures, regard the distinct hypostases themselves of which Emmanuel was
composed, and the natural junetion of these, and do not go up to
gencralities and essenees?, of the whole of the Godliead and humanity in

‎1. This must be the meaning, though the grammar is awkward. Cf. p. 17, 1. 6 (text). — 2. Omitted in
the printed Greek text. — 3. P. G., XXVIII, 531 (not in the genuine lelter to Jovianj. — ^. Contr.
Diod., fr. 15 (Cyr., in Jo, Ev., ed. Pusey, 111, p. 498). — 5. οὐσίας.
