184 LETTERS OF SEVERUS, [12]

ܡܶܥܠܝ ܗܘܐ ܡܝܢ ܚܝܿܒܠܐ. ܘܒܝܕ ܗܕܐ ܡܣܒܪܢܘܬܐ ܕܗܓܓܘܬܐ ‎j'a‏ ܗܘܐ. ܕܗܠܝܢ
‎uso‏ ܕܒܬܙ̈ܝܢ ܟܝ̈ܢܐ ܡܡܬܚܡܝܢ ܠܚܕ ܡܫܝܚܐ܆. ‎«io‏ ܠܚܕܝܘܬܐ ‎eu.‏ ܗܘܝ
ܕܢܐܡܪܘܢ܆. ‎HAS‏ ܓܝܪ ܟܠܚܕ ܡܢ ܟܝ̈ܢܐ! ܠܐ ܡܿܒܨܪܐܝܬ ܕܝܠܝܝܬܗ. ‎ος‏
‏ܕܡܗ݀ܝܡܢܝܢ ܕܟܕ ܩܢܬܘܡܐܝܬ ܐܬܚܝܕ ܐܠܗܐ ܡܠܬܐ ܠܒܣܪܐ:. ‎NM.‏ ܠܗ ‎μου‏
‏ܝܕܘܥܬܢܝܬܐ: ܟܠܗܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܠܗ ܐܥܒܕ ܒܗ: ܘܦܚܠܦܗ ܠܘ ܠܟܝܢܗ݀ ܠܐ ‎sJeod‏
‏ܐܐ ܠܫܘܒܚܗ ܘܠܡܥܒܕܢܘܬܗܢ. ܠܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܕܝܥܐܝܬ ܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ ܕܒܣܪܐ ܠܐ
ܡܒܨܪܐܝܬ ܒܥܝܢ.. ܗ݀ܘ ܕܕܝܠܗ ‎coût‏ ܡܛܠ ܚܕܝܘܬܐ܆. ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܕܝܥܐܝܬܐ ‎Mois‏
‏ܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ ܕܐܠܗܘܬܐ. ܐܢܕܝܢ ܢܒܦܠܓܘܢܝܗܝ ܕܠܐ ܗܘܢܐ܂ ܡܢ ܡܠܬܐ ܐܠܗܐ: ܒܗ̇ܝ
‎EIE‏ ܬ݁ܪ̈ܚܢ ܟܝ̈ܢܐ ܡܝܢ ܒܪ ܚܕܝܘܬܐ. ܟܕ ‎So‏ ܠܟܝܢܗ ܡܟܝܠ ܒܗܠܝܢ
‎"Ὁ" ο‏ ܘܠܐ ܡܿܒܨܪܐܝܬ ‎Hs‏ ܐܝܟ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܪ̈ܫܝܥܐ ܕܝ̈ܠܝܬܗ. ܐܠܐ܂ ܠܘ ܗܟܢܐ
ܠܗܠܝܢ ܐܝܬ ‎Gas‏ ܡܢ ‎Jas]‏ ܐܠܐ܂ ܘܣܓܝ ܡ̈ܒܥܕܢ. ܚܕܝܘܬܐ ܓܝܪ ܡܿܦܩܐ
ܠܗ ‎Jess‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎sols‏ ܩܕܝܥܐ ܩܘܪܝܥܠܘܣ܀ ܐܦܢ ܓܝܪ ܡܬܐܡܪ ܕܟܕܼܦܢ ܘܨܗܝ:
‎ο yo‏ ܝ ܡܢ ܐܘܪܝܚܐ: ‎Laso‏ ܘܕܚܝِܼܠ.. ܠܘ ‎LS" Les! y Rss) J|‏
‎UTC‏ (ܐܝܟ )3 ‎CE‏ ܠܢ ܗܥܝܢ ‎ac! EN‏ ܠܗ. ܐܠܐ ‎oot‏ ܨܒܝܢܐܝܬ ‎αν:‏ ܗܘܐ

1. Ms. sing. — 2. Ms. with stop following. — 3. Ms. om.

superior 10 corruption; and thereby he subverted the theory of phantasy.
It belongs therefore to those who part the one Christ into two natures and
dissolve the unity to say, « For each of the natures preserves its property
uuimpaired ». But those who believe that, after God the Word had been
hypostatically united to flesh that possessed an intelligent soul, he performed
all his own acts in it, and changed it not into his nature (far be it !), but into
his glory and operation, no longer seek the things that manifestly belong
io the llesh without diminution, to which flesh the things that manifestly
belong by nature to the Godhead have come to belong by reason of the union.
But, if they senselessly divide it from God the Word by speaking of two
natures after the union, it then walks in its own ways following its nature,
and preserves its properties undiminished on the principle of the impious
men. But these things are not so (how could they he?), but indeed very
different : lor union rejeets division, as the holy Cyril said : « For, though
it is said that he hungered and thirsted, and slept and grew weary after a
journey, and wept and feared, these things did not happen to him just as
they do to us in accordance with compulsory ordinances of nature; but he
