166 INTRODUCTION. [rv]

ments of letters outside the Athanasian collection which are found
scattered in various MSS; but, in order to keep the edition within
reasonable limits, 1 have excluded the great dogmatic letters « To Ser-
gius the grammarian », « Against John the grammarian », and « Against
Julian of Halicarnassus, » which rather require separate publication, as
well as letters already published in the work of the so-called Zacha-
rias Rhetor, and other versions of letters contained in the Athanasian
collection. The heavy task of collecting the Greek fragments also
seemed to lie outside the scope of the present work, and 1 have con-
tented myself with referring to published extracts from letters to the
same addressees as those of the present collection. Coptic and Arabic
versions are also excluded.

The total number of manuscripts used is 28, ol which 20 are in
the British Museum, 6 in the Vatican, one at Paris, and one at Berlin.
Of the Berlin extract M. Kugener kindly lent me a photograph which
he had obtained for another purpose; for the Paris extract and most of
the Vatican extracts | have, as usual, to thank the indefatigable pho-
tographic labours of M*' Graffin; of some of the Vatican extracts
| have copies which | took in 1901; and for the few which remain
] am indebted to the kindness of M. Tisserant, who verified. the
references and had the required photographs taken for me. A list
of MSS. is given after the Introduction ; but for a full description of each
| must refer to the catalogues of Wright, Assemani, Zotenberg, and
Sachau, only noting that 1 seems to be a copy of V and is only useful
where the photographs of V are defective or indistinet or the accuracy
of my copy doubtful, and that, as part of F is identical with part of L
(Wright p. 1007), and apparently a copy of it, I. have not thought it
necessary to collate this portion except where L is defective or ille-
gible. Where more than one version of a passage exists, | have given
the text of all, but in the translation 1 have tried to reproduce the
original from the different versions, placing such variants as seemed
worth preserving in the notes. Of the usual varieties of spelling in
such words as ‏ܡܛܠ ܟܠ‎ bus, and &50) 1 have taken no account
in the apparatus, and 1 have in such cases generally placed the shorter
spelling in the text, whatever the MS. reading may be. Words or
letters inserted to lill illegible or defective places in the MSS. are en-
