‎Il, — TO OECUMENIUS. 189‏ ]17[
ܗܟܢܐ܀ ‎Lu aus‏ ܡܫܝܚܐ ‎[sodas KL‏ ܒܬ ܪ ܚܝܕܝܝܘܬܐ.. ܟܕ ‎fes‏
‏ܒܢܩܫܦܘܬܐ ܕܐܝܝܩܚܪܐ ‎Li kan) οἱ‏ ܡܿܩܦ ܠܝܗܘܢ: ܘܠܐ ܗܘܐ ܕܝܢ ܝ ܬܝܝܪܐܝܬ
‎ορ Ελαία»‏ ܟܝܢܝܬܐ ܢܗܘܐ ‎joie,‏ + ܘܬܘܒ ܒܣ̈ܟܘܠܝܐ ‎oo‏ ܟܕ ‎sl où‏
‎JI‏ ܒܘܠܒܠܐ ܕܝܢ ‎ο‏ ܡܝܢ ‎Jojo‏ ܝܠܦܝܢܢ܀ ܡܕܝܢ ܠܘ ܕܓܢ̈ܣܐ.. ܐܠܐ
‎Jsoaios‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܢܗܘܢ ܠܥܡܝܢܝܘܐܝܠ܆. ‎loa‏ ܚܕܝܘܬܐ ܟܝܢܝܬܐ. ܘܠܐ 201+“
ܕܩܬ̈ܘܡܐ ܡܢ ܟܠܦܪܘܣ܆. ܦܪܨܘܦܐ ܕܝܠܝܢܫܐ ‎Ska Naso‏ ܥܠܝܫܗܘܢ.. ‎ka‏ ܐܝܟ
ܪܝܥܐ ܢܣܛܛܘܪܝܘܣ܆. ܕܐܡܪܝܢ ܚܢܢ ܚܕܝܘܬܐ ‎sors:‏ ܘܣܩܘܒܐܐܝܬ ‎xo‏
‏ܠܘܩܒܠ ‎JLo" Mis‏ ܢܦܫ̈ܚܬ ܡܝܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ܩܝܘܪܝܠܝܘܣ. ‎JB: où‏
‎Cl‏ ܕܠܘܬܗ ܕܢܝܣܛܛܝܘܪܝ ܘܣ ܐܸܡܪ ܗܟܢܐ܀ ܡܘܬܪܐ ܕܝܢ ܘܠܐ ܒܚܕ ܡܝܢ ܙܢܫ̈ܝܢ
ܠ ܡܠܬܐ ‎ot μι‏ ܡܝܢܘܬܐ܆. ܗܺܝ ܕܗܟܢܐ ܢܗܘܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܗ. ܐܦ ܐܸܢ ܚܕܝܝܘܬܐ
ܕܦܪ̈ܕܘܦܐ ܡܛ ܐ ܟܝܢ ° ܐܢ̈ܫܝܢ. ܠܐ ܓܝܪ ‎μοὶ‏ ܟܬܒܐ ܕܦܪܨܘܦܐ ܕܒܪܢܫܐ ܚܝܕ ܠܗ
ܐܠܗܐ ܡܠܬܐ . ‎fins, JH]‏ ܗܘܼܐ܀ ܩ̈ܢܘܡܝܐ ܓܝܪ ܐܡܬܝ ܕܒܕܝܠܝܘܬ ܩܘ݀ܝܡܐ
ܡܘ ܝܘܒܫܝܢ: ‎yel‏ ܗܟܢ: ܕܦܛܪܘܣ ܘܕܦܘܠܘܣ: ܠܗܠܚܝܢ ‎Has‏ ܕܫܠܝܚܘܬܐ
‎peo‏ ܗܘܐ܂. ܗܝܕܝܢ ܚܕܝܘܬܐ ܕܦܪ̈ܨܘܦܐ ‎..Jood. JN ul Jas cado‏ ܘܠܘ ‎Jasuis‏

‎the third chapter! or anathema he spoke thus : « Whoever divides tlie one

‎Christ into hvpostases after the union, associating them in association of

‎honour or of authority only, and not rather in junction of natural union, let
him be anathema »?. And again in the Scliolia the. same says : « Hence
we shall learn that the hypostases have remained without confusion »*.
Accordingly the natural union was not of generalities, but of hypostases of
which Emmanuel was eomposed. And do not think that hvpostases in all
cases have a distinct person assigned to them, so that we should be thought,
like the impious Nestorius, to speak of a union of persons, and to run
counter to the God-inspired words of the holy Cyril, who in the second
letter to the same Nestorius speaks thus : « But that it should be so* will in
no way help the right priuciple of faith, even if some men spread about ἃ
union of persons. For the Scripture did not say that God tlie Word united
io himself the person of a man, but that he became flesh ν΄. | When
hypostases subsist by individual subsistence, as for instance, those of Peter
and of Paul, whom the authority of the apostleship united, then there will
be a union of persons and a brotherly association, not a natural junction

‎1. χεφάλαιον. — 2. Mansi, IV, 1081, — 3. Schol. de Inc. lnig., 11 (ed. Pusey, VI. p. 520). — ^. Gr.
εἰς τὸ οὕτως ἔχειν. — 9. Cyr., ed. Pusey, VI, p. 8.

‎+ 12] v? b.
