[11] I. — TO OECUMENIUS. 183

‎ARR‏ ܐܝܟ ‎μοὶ»‏ ܕܪܘܦܐ ‎f La].‏ ܡܢܐ ]36 ‎oo‏ ܡܠܝܦܢܐ
‎αν. [s.a‏ ܘܬ ܥ ܝ ܘܿܕܠܐ )39 ܬܐܘܕܘܪܝܬܛܐ܆. ‎Los 9x5‏ ܕܚܪܡܐ
ܕܥܣܪܐ܀ ܐܡܬܝ ‎Lys‏ ܠܟ ‎Liso)‏ ܦܝܛܬܛܘܬܐ ܕܡܢ ܣܘܪܩܐ. ܐܸܬܕܡܿܪ ‎Rofsio;‏
‏ܒܚܘܒܐ ܕܒܪܐ ܕܠܘܬܢ. ܗܿܝ ‎μας‏ ܕܐܢܬ ܐܸܡܿܪ ܐܢܬ ܕܙܥܘܪܝܐ܂. ܗܕܐ ܡܛܠܬܟ ‎Res,‏
‎Moss} Las e‏ ܕܠܕܡܥܬܐ ܕܝܠܟ ܢܪܝܡ ܕܚܠ ܡܕܒܪܢܐܝܬ܂ْ ܟܕ ‎ac‏ ܗܘܐ
‎om‏ ܐܝܬ ܐܡܬܝ ‎acus‏ ܗܠܚܝܢ ܕܝܠܗ. ‎qM‏ ܚܫ̈ܠܬܢܐ ܢܥܒܕܟ܀ ܐܢ ܕܝܢ

‎+

‏ܡܕܒܪܢܐܝܬ ‎ass‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܟܣܪܗ ‎sus‏ ܐܝܬ ܐܡܬܝ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܠܗ,. ܠܘ ܠܐ

‏ܡܿܒܨܪܐܝܬ ‎As‏ ܗܘܐ ܕܝܠܝܬܗ. ܡܬ ܚܙܐ ܓܝܪ ܒ ܣ̈ܓܚܐܬܐ.. ܕܠܐ ܚܫ ܗܠܝܢ
‎t0 OH D 9 ο Mr‏ ܗܘܐ ܓܝܪ ܠܡܠܬܐ ܥܒܝܘܕܐ 1 ܕܟܝܢܐ. ܡܠܬܐ

‏ܗܟܝܠ ܕܐܬ݀ܒܣܝ̣ܪ ܥܠ ܝܡܐ ‎yo‏ ܗܘܐ. ܘܒܬ ܪ ܡܘܬܗ ܒܕܩܪܐ ܕܪܘܡܚܝܐ ܡܢ
ܕܦܢܗ܂. ܡܥܝܢܐ ܕܦ ܘܪܩܢܝܐ ܡܚܪܕܐ ܗܘܐ. ܬܘܒ ܒܬܪ ‎Se‏ .« ܟܕ ܐܚܝܕܝܢ ܬܪ̈ܥܐ
‎Ne E.‏ ܙܘܘܐܼ. ܘܒܒܝܬܐ ܠܬܠܡ̈ܝܕܐ ܡܬ ܝܬܐ ‎MSS .Joot‏ ܕܐܦ ܢܓܕܫܘܢܝܗܝ ܝܗܒ
ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ‎Look] Lis.co Joss Nase? Joe‏ ܒܣܪܗ. ‎Jaiïsso‏ ܠܢ ‎So TS ES‏

‎property might be preserved undiminished, as the impious disputer said.
For observe what the wise doctor Cyril says, in answer to the objections
made by Theodoret, in the defence of the tenth anathema : « When the
lowness arising from the exinanition scems hard to you, wonder greatly
at tlie love of the Son toward us. For, what you say is a mean thing, this
he did voluntarily for vour sake. Πο wept in human fashion, (hat he might
take away your weeping. Ile feared hv dispensation, inasmuch as he
sometimes permitted his flesh to undergo the passions proper to it, that he
might make us valiant »'. If he sometimes permitted his llesh bv dispen-
sation to undergo the passions proper to it, he did not preserve its property
undiminished : for in many instances it is seen not to have undergone the
things which manifestly belong to its nature; for it was united to the Word,
the Maker of nature. The Word therefore who had become incarnate
walked upon the sea, and after his death under the wound of the lance
enused a stream of salvation to well forth from his side : again, after the
Resurrection, he came in while the doors were shut, and appeared to the
disciples in the house; whom he also allowed to touch him, showing that
his flesh was tangible aud solid, and of one essence? with us, and was also

‎1. Cyr., ed. Pusey, VI, p. 476. — 2. οὐσία.

‎* |2n v? b.
