‎TO OECUMENIUS. 185‏ — .1 ]13[
ܠܒܣܪܗ ܕܒ̈ܢܡܘܣܐ ‎Lo»‏ ܢܪܕܐ. ܡܪܦܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܬ ‎ωλσο‏ .09«
ܗܥܝܢ ܕܝܠܗ܀ ܡܢ ‎Jo Mis‏ ܓܝܪ ܕܩܘܪܝܠܘܣ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܝܢ ܐܘܩܝܢܐ ‎J Jae‏
ܡܿܪܚܩ ܐܢܐ . ܗܝ ܕܝܢ ܗܕܐ ܐܡܿܪ܂. ܘܓܪܝܓܪܝܘܣ ° ܬܐܘܠܘܓܝܘܣ ܗܽܘ ‎μμ]‏
‏ܒܡܐܡܬܐ ‎où‏ ܕܥܠ ܡܥܡܘܕܝܬܐ܀ ܗܽܘ ‎M, RÉ‏ ܗܝ ‎flans‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ. ܘܠܐ ‎auto‏
‏ܗܘܐ ܥܠ ܕܘܟܚܐ. ܐܠܐ ܠܟ ܡܿܬܕܟܐ. ܐܝܟ ܡܐ ‎el‏ ܠܟ ‎ums ac‏ ܟܕ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
ܕܠܐ ܒܣܪܐ. ܘܠܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܩܝܢܕܘܢܘܣ | ܡܕܡ« ܟܕ ܠܡܥܡܘܕܝܬܐ ܡܿܡܬܗܐ ܗܘܐ.
‎OO‏ ܓܝܪ ܘܕܗ݀ܝ ܕܢܚܕܫ ܐܝܚܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܠܢܦܢܗ ܙܬܛܘܪܐ܀ ܡܕܝܢ ‎sl‏ ܘܕܗ݀ܝ ‎AU‏
‏ܘܢܥܼܡܠ ܡܢ ‎uso]‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܠܢܦܬܗ ‎Jio dr‏ ܘܕܗܠܝܢ ‎fie‏ ܐ̱ܚܪ̈ܢܐ ‎Last‏
‏ܘܕܬܚܝܬ ܚܛܝܕܬܐ| ܠܐ ‎sas Sas‏ ܠܡܬܚܘܝܢܘܬܐ ܫܪܝܪܬܐ ‎Jo‏ ܦܢܛܣܝܐ
ܕܡܬܒܪܢܫܢܘܬܐ. ܡܢ ܗܠܝܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܕܐܡܝܕ̈ܢ ܠܢ ܗܕܐ ‎Des ὟΣ ο‏
ܠܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܡܦܠܓܝܝܢ > ‎Jo‏ ܡܿܡܦܠܓܝܢ ܕܝܢ ‎LS‏ ܕܐܡܪܝܢ ‎La» c3‏
ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܚܕܝܘܬܐ:. ܘܠܚܡܐܝܬ ܠܟܝ̈ܢܐ ‎Les‏ ܡ̈ܶܥܒܕܢܘܬܐ ܘܕ̈ܝܠܝܬܐ. ܛܒܐܝܬ
ܡܕܝܢ ܐܝܬ ܒܗ ܒܦܢܛܘܣ 7 ‎ass, os‏ ܒܗܝܐܐ. ܡܿܚܪܡ ܓܝܪ ܠܗܠܝܢ

‎1. Ms. ‏.ܩܢܝܨܘܢܘܣ‎ — $, The words ‏ܦܕ‎ — «3» are wrillen in an erasure in smaller felters, — 3. This
is probabty corrupt.

‎himself voluntarily permitted his flesh to walk according to the laws of

‎nature, for he sometimes allowed it even to undergo its own passions » '.
For from Cvril's words, as lrom a sacred anchor, ] do not depart. Andthe
same statement is made by Gregory the Theologian? of Nazianzus also in
the sermon on baptism : « For heis purity itself, and did not need purification;
but he is purified lor you; just as for you lie put on a garb of flesh, while
he is lleshless : and he would have run no danger at all from putting. off
baptism ; for he himself was a warden of passion to himself »?.— Necordingtly
then! he was a warden to himself of hungeriug as well as of being tired after
a journey, and of aecepting the other human passions, such as do not fall
under sin, in order to display the Humanization truly and without phantasy 5
Of what we have said this is the sum; that we must anathematize those who
divide the one Christ : and they divide him by speaking of two natures after
the union, and consequently apportioning the operations and properties
between the natures. Accordingly wood doctrine 15 contained in the°— of the
serene king : for it anathematizes those who divide the one Son who was

‎1. I cannot find tlie source of Lhis citation. — 2. θεολόγος. — 3. )(( XL, 29. — ^. ἄρα, — ὃ, φαντασία.
— 6, 1 do not know what is hidden under fw nt w s : possibly it is ‏ܬܐ‎ corruption of τύπος, since the

‎only theological edict of Anastasius known is tlie τύπος or π)ηροφορία of S. L., p. 3. The word however
ralher suggests προσφωνητιχός,

‎* 131 1?

‎il
