[31] Π. — TO OECUMENIUS. 103

ܐܡܪܢܢ ܚܕ ܟܝܢܐ ܕܡܝܠܝܬܐ: ‎«axo Ns‏ ܘܠܐ ܐܘܣܦܢܢ ܕܡܒܝܣܪ: ܐܠܐ ‎rs‏ ܐܝܟ
ܕܠܡܐܡܪ ܤܫܝܡܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ ܠܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ.. ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܟܒܪ ܒܕܘܟ.. ܡܠܬܐ
‎“ss ον ες y ΨΩ‏ ܐܝܟܐ ܗܝ ܡܫܡܠܝܘܬܐ ܕܒܐܢܢܘܬܐ:. ‎el‏
‎Moll hal‏ ܐܘܣܝܐ ܕܠܘܬܢ. ܡܛܠ ܕܝܢ ‎μον ο τος‏ ܕܒܐܢܫܘܬܐ ܘܫܘܘܕܥܐ
ܕܐܘܣܝܐ ܕܝܠܝܢ ‎SS‏ ܒܝܚܕ ‎οὐ‏ ܕܐܡܼܪܢܢ ܕܡܝܒܝܣܪ. ܕܫܠܝܘܢ ܕܚܘܛܪܐ ܕܩܢܝܐ
ܣܡ̣ܟܘ ‎ς à |o OMS‏ ܕܐܚܟܝܢܐ ܕܡܝܢ ‎“Las eS‏ ܡܘܕܝܢܝܢ
ܠܥܡܢܘܐܝܠ: ܢܐܡܪ ܘܡܢ ‎LL‏ ܐܘܣܝܣ: ܐܦܢ ܐܢܫ ‎fsoaïo‏ ܠܐܐ ܘܣܝܣ
‎Sons‏ ܥܪܩܝܢܢ ܐܝܟ ܡܢ ܕܠܐ ܡܕܪܫܐ.. ‎ὦ} Jo‏ ܡܢ ܠܒ ܚܫܚ ܠܐܠܗܐ
ܐܒܙܘ̈ܬܐ ܒܗ̇ ܒܡܠܬܐ ܐܡܝܪܐ. ‎on‏ ܓܝܪ ܕܒܗܠܝܢ ܕܕܐܚܡ ‎ο‏ ܚܕܬܘܬܐ
‎opu‏ ܐܦܢ ܐܚܬ ܠܗ̇ ܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ'.. ܘܠܡ ܢܒܐ ܡܙܡܝܪܢܐ ‎hasse»‏
‏ܕܙܗܝܪܘܬܐ ܙܬ ܢܛܛܪ.. ܘܢܠܬܟܣܐ ܒܝܕ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܡܝܢ ܠܥܠ ‎«νο.‏ ܣܩܘܒܠܝܘܬ
ܡܠܬܐ ܕܠܝܫ̈ܢܐ܀ ܗܠܝ ܐܝܟ ܕܒܐܝܓܪܬܐ܂. ܘܟܕ ܒܦ̈ܓܘܢܝܐ ܣ̈ܓܝܐܐ ܐܝܬܝܢ: ܘܪܒܣܓܝ
‎«ass‏ ܕܐܕ̈ܫܐ ܕܡܕ̈ܢܝܬܐ܂ ‎pr «uso‏ ܕܝܢ ܪܚܡܬ ‎Js‏ ܘܪܚܝܡܬ ܐܠܗܐ
- ܗ̇ܝ ̇ ‎JS Ns,‏ ܬܘܕܥ ܠܢ ‎oou]‏ ܕܦܫܬܐ ܡܢ ‎wot oou [o .-fisas‏

1. στο begius an extract in G 99 v* b. — 2, G «45. — 3, G ‏.ܐܦܠܐ‎ — 4, c ‏ܠܐܠܗܐ‎ var [Lost —
5. G Fo. — 6. A qos. — 7. Here the extract. ends.

ofthe Word’ we had stopped and not added ‘incarnate’”, but set the
dispensation as it wercoutside, they would perhaps in a way have a plausible
argument when they pretend to ask, "Where is the perlection in manhood?
or how was the essence after our model made up?’ But, since the perfection
in manhood and the characteristic of our essence lias been introduced bv the
fact that we said "incarnate', let them be silent, since they have leuned upon
the stall of a reed « ', But saying that Emmanuel is from two essences? also,
as we eonfess him to be from two natures, even if one understand the
essences” as hypostases, we avoid, as a thing that is unscientifie, and has not
been stated in so many words by any of the God-clad fathers : for in sucli
matters we must avoid novelty, even if it has some religiousness «bout il,
and with the psalmist-prophet be preserved in the tent of caution, and be
hidden by grace lrom on high, even from the contention of tongues?.

These things we have written in epistolary style, though we are in the
midst of manv troubles, and of many tens of tliousands of kinds of cares.
But it rests with your truth-loving and God-loving soul to inform us by
letter if you have given up the doubts, and if what we have written appeared

1. Ep. 46, 8 (P. G., LXX VII, 244). — 2. οὐσίας. — 3. Ps, xxx, 21.
