* 120 vea.

182 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [10]

ܢܗܿܠܟ ܘܢܚܙܘܩ܂. ܕܠܐ ‎JA] Los‏ ܗܝ. ܗܺܝ ܕܝܢ ܕܠܗܠܝܢ ܕܣܔܓܝܦܝܢ
‎noon rS‏ ܘܕܢܗ̇ܠܟܘܢ ܥܠ ܐܪܥܐ ܣܟ ܠܐ ܡܫܟܚܚܝܢ: ܕܢܗ̇ܠܟܘܢ ܚܠܝܡܐܝܬ
‎IS‏ ܦܐܝܬ ܠܐܠܗܐ. ° ܐܠܐ ܚܕ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܡܿܒܣܪ ܗܕܐ ܘܗ݀ܝ ܐܥܒܕ. ܘܠܘ ܗܕܐ ܡܶܝܢ
‎.-oài‏ ܗܕܐ ܕܝܢ ‎.où Lin‏ ܘܠܐ ܕܝܢ ܡܛܠ ‎R30‏ ܠܦܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ ‎“SA‏ ܡܛܠ
ܗܕܐ ܬܪ̈ܝܢ ܟܝ̈ܢܐ ܕܡܥܒܕܝܢ ܐܘܟܝܬ ܕܡ̈ܝܘܬܐ ‎BARN‏ ܡܶܬܚܡܝܢܢ. ‎wo}‏ ܕܝܢ
‎AT A9] obmsoa)‏ ܚܛ — ܟܠܝܕ ܡܢ ‎J fix»‏ ܡܒܨܪܐܝܬ ‎δι JN‏
ܕܝܠܙܘ..܀ ܟܕ ܠܬܪ̈ܝܢ ܟܝ̈ܢܐ ‎Lies‏ ܡܿܦܪܫ ܕܝ̈ܠܝܬܐ. ‎où pl‏ ܕܠܬܐܪ̈ܝܢ ‎lazo‏
‎où Res‏ ܚܕ ܘܒܠ ܚ ܘܕܘܗܝ ܡܫܝܚܐ. ‎JR‏ ܡܶܢ ܓܝܪ ܕܟܝ̈ܢܐ ܕܡܢܗܘܢ
ܥܡܢܘܐܝܠ.. ‎δὲ‏ ܕܒܫܘܘܕܥܐ ‎J [e jn»‏ ܡܨܛܠܝܢ ܐܝܬ ܘܡܝܣ ܪ ܬܬܐܝܬ.
‎οἱ; fun.)‏ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܩܘܪܝܠܘܣ ܒܐܓܪܬܐ ‎Ja, eh‏ ܣܘܩܢܣܘܣ ‎τρὸϊ‏ ܐܠܐ
ܟܕ ‎2à Jes‏ ܕܒܟܝܢܐ ܟܠܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܡܿܟܬܪ ܐܝܟ ܚܕܐ ܘܡܣܕܬܟܠ: ‎y‏
‏ܡܠܬܐ ‎[aen‏ ܡܢܢ ‎soi]‏ ܚܕܝܘܬܐ ‎JI‏ ܡܬܡܠܬܠܬܫܬ ܐ| ܘܠܐ ܡܬܕܪܟܢܝܬܐ܂. ܚܕ
ܟܝܢܐ ‎Ἄνα.‏ ܠܢ ‎Je‏ ܒܪܡ ‎y‏ |" ܕܡܿܡܒܣܪ܀ ܠܘ ܕܝܢ ܒܟܠܗܝܢ ‎ans‏
‏ܗܘܐ ܡܠܬܐ ܐܠܗܐ ‎ERE) ocn M‏ ܗܠܝܢ ‎As)‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܐ ܡܒܕܪܐܝܬ ܬܬ ܢܛܪ

1. Ms. ‏ܫܦܝܪܐܝܬ‎ ; Gr. δικαίως. — 2. Ms. δ᾽ : cf. p. 12, 1.3; Gr. σωζομένης. - - 3. Ms. ins. ‏ܕܬܪܬܝܢ‎

the earth is withont contention human; but to bestow on those who are
maimed in the feet aud cannot walk upon the ground at all the power of
walking like sound persons is God-befitting. Yet the one Word incarnate
performed the latter aud the former, and the one nature did not perform the
one, and the other the other; nor, because the things performed are different,
shall we on this account rightly define two natures or forms as oporating.
Again the Tome of Leo says : « For cach of the natures preserves its own

property without diminution « '

, distributing the properties to the two
natures severally, as one who divides the one aud only Christ into two na-
tures. For the property of the natures of which Emmanuel consists, which
is shown in the natural characteristies, continues constant and fixed, as
the holy Cyril also says in the second letter to Succensus : « But, while each
of them both remains and is perceived in the property which is by nature,
according to the principle which has just been enuneiated by us, the inolfable
and incomprehensible uniou has shown us one nature of the Sou, vet, as
] have said, an inearnate nature »?. But God the Word did not permit

his flesh in all things to undergo the passions proper lo it, in order that its

L Ep. 28, 3 (P. L., LIV, 766% — 2, Ep. 46, 2 (P. G., LXXVI, 241).
