[ix] INTRODUCTION. 171

together. This system however il was impossible to carry out completely, since (1) it
often happens that one letter deals not merely with different subjects but with subjects
of different classes; (2) there are some letters which it is ditlicult to assign definitely
to one class more than another; (3) some letters which should from their subject have
been included in the present fascicule were not known to me till it had gone to press.
The division is tlierefore only a rough one; and ! have not separated the letters
into classes, but numbered them continuously. Of whole letters the number con-
tained in the present edition is 7 ου 8 only, the first two to Occumenius (1, 2), that to the
Emesenes (25), that to Elisha the presbyter, which is attached to the work against
John the Grammarian (34), that to the monks of the East, which is attached to the
correspondence witli Julian of Halicarnassus (35), that to the convents of virgins (01,
the first to Anastasia the deaconess (09), and perhaps that to the presbyters at Alexan-
dria (39), which, though described as an exbract, appears to be a whole letter : but the
Answers to the Questions of Eupraxius (05) mnst be nearly complete, and there are
many long extracts, especially in the epexegetical portion, which exhaust the subject
with which tley deal. As the distinction between whole letters and fragments is
therefore of no practical importance, | have made no separation between them, but
arranged them all indiscriminately according to the subject matter. It has been my
object to include all accessible letters and fragments of letters of Severus existing
in Syriac with the exceptions mentioned above; but, as these are distributed over a
vast number of MSS., of which some are imperfectly catalogued, there are no doubt
many which have escaped me. ‘The document contained in Brit. Mus. Add. 14668
f. 44 v? which Wright (p. 788) calls a letter is however a prayer, and the letter in
Y p. 147 (Assemani's notation) addressed to the patriarch Peter the younger, which
Assemani (11. p. 63) with strange chronological confusion ascribes to Severus, is a
letter of Damian. Wherever possible, ! have placed a date in the margin of the
iranslation of each letter; but the cases in whieh the date can be fixed within narrow
limits are few. Πι an appendix ] have added a short collection of hymns composed
for use at the commemoration of Severus.

ABBREVIATIONS.
À. v. Alia versio.
C. B. M. Wright, Catalogue of Syriae MSS. in the British Museum.
P. G. Patrologia Graeca.
P. L. — Latina.
P. O. — Orientalis.
R. 0. C Revue de l'Orient chrétien.
S. L. Select Letters of Severus, ed. Brooks.
S. V.N.C. Mai, Scriptorum Veterum Nova Collectio.
