‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [18]‏ 190
‎Jus‏ ܕܚܕ ܩܢܘܡܐ ܡܢ ܬܪ̈ܝܢ ‎LSsans‏ ܕܡܚܪܪ ܡܢ ‎Sas‏ ܗܕܐ ܓܝܪ ܘܥܠ
ܡܬܒܪܢܫܢܘܬܐ ܐܠܗܝܬܐ ܡܬܬܚܕܝܢ ‎“eh‏ ܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܒܩܝܦܝܢ ‎iS s‏ ܛܢܦܐ
ܕܢܣܬܛܘܪܝܘܣ. ܡܩܕܡܝܢ ܓܝܪ ܡܩܝܡܝܢ ܠܥ ܘܠܐ ‎oo ous‏ ܘܠܦܪܫ ܐܝܬ ..
ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎os‏ ܦܪܨܘܦܐ ‎Lu,‏ ܢܬ ܟܬܒ ܥܠܘܗܝ.. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܟܕ ܡܿܡܩܦܝܢ ܠܗ ܠܐܠܗܐ
ܡܠܬܐ :. ܠܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ܪܫܝܥܐܝܬ ܚܕܝܘܬܐ ‎jrs;‏ 99 ܡܿܥܠܝܢ. ܗܺܝ ܕܐܦ ܓܪܝܓܘܪܝܘܣ
ܬܐܘܠܝܘܓܘܣ ܐܦܩ . ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪ ܒܐܓܪܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ ܕܠܝܘܬ ܩܠܝܕܘܢܝܝܘܣ܀ ܡܢ ܕܐܡܿܪ
‎Las Sa‏ ܘܒܬܪܟܢ ‎D‏ ܐܠܗܐ:. ‎«auo‏ ܗܘ. ܠܘ ܓܝܪ ܝܠܝܕܘܬܐ
ܕܐܠܗܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܗܕܐ܂. ‎JI]‏ ܥܝܪܘܩܚܝܐ ܕܡܢ ܝܠܝܕܐ܀ ܐܡܬܝ ܕܝܢ ‎[»ea-i.o)‏ ܠܝܘ
‎Ses‏ ܘܬ ܩܘ݀ܝܡܐ ܡܿܩܝܡܝܢ: ‎οὗ) hl‏ ܥܠ ܒܪ ܐܢܫܐ ܕܠܘܬܢ: ܗܽܘ ܕܡܝܢ
ܢܦܫܐ ‎pô‏ ܐܢܐ ܘܦܓܪܐ: ܐܠܐ ܠܐ ܡܒܠܒܝܠܐܝܬ ܒܚܕܝܘܬܐ ܘܒܪܘܟܒܐ ‎ου‏
‎Loos‏ ܒܠܚ ܘܕ ܡܡܬܦܪܝܝܢ ‎rao‏ ܩܢܘܡܐ ܡܢ ‎am wo.‏ ܠܚܝܕܝܘܬܐ ‎yb‏
‏ܗܕܐ܂. ܠܘ ܕܦܪ̈ܨܘܦܐ ܐܢܫ ܠܐ ܪܕܝܐܝܬ ‎Jens‏ ܐܦܢ ܓܝܪ ܩܝܢܝܘܡܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܡܠܬܐ
ܡܕܩܡ ܗܘܐ ܡܕܩܝܡ: ܡܠܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ‎»ερ‏ ܟܠ ‎μᾶν»‏ ܘܙܒ̈ܢܐ ܟܕ
ܡܬܘܡܐܝܬ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܥܡ ܐܠܗܐ ܘܐܒܐ ܘܪܘܚ ܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ.. ‎JH]‏ ܒܪܡ ܒܣܪܐ ‎per OÙ‏

‏ܠܗ ܕܡܡܢܦܫ ܒܢܦܢܐ ܝܕܘܥܬܢܝܬܐ.. ‎Ja Ἂγ-ο‏ ܕܠܝܘܬܗܼ ° ܠܐ ‎foot Pd‏ .2 *

‎of one hypostasis made up out of two that is [ree from confusion. — For this
is what those who adhere to the foul doctrines of Nestorins are convicted. of
saying with regard to the divine Humanization also. They first make the
babe exist by himself separately, so {πὰ} a distinet person is even. assigned
to him, and then by attaching God the. Word to him impiouslv introduce a
union of persons into the faith. This Gregory the Theologian' also rejected
by saying in the great letter to. Cledonius : « Whoever says that the man
was formed, and God afterwards crept in is condemned : for this is not a
birth of God, but an escape from birth »?. But, when hvpostases do not
subsiste in individual subsistence, as also in the case of the man among us,
I mean him who is composed of soul and body, but are without confusion
recognised in union and composition, being distinguished by the intellect
only and displaying one hypostasis made out of two, such a union none
will be so uninstructed as to call one of persons. l'liough the hypostasis of
God the Word existed before, or rather? was before all ages and times,
being eternally with God both the Father and the Holy Spirit, yet still the
llesh possessing an intelligent soul which he united to him did not exist

‎1. θεολόγος. — 2. Ep. 101 (P. G., XXXVII, 177). — 3. μᾶλλον.
