* 12017 ο.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [8]‏ : 180
ܕܝܠܝ̈ܬܐ ܕܟܝ̈ܢܐ ܕܡܙܗܘܢ ܚܕ ܡܫܝܚܐ̇ ܐ{ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܶܦܪܝܝܢ ‎oJ SS‏
‎wee‏ ܕܝܢ ܒܗܘ݀ܝ ‎hx» SL «x‏ ܒܬ ܪ ܚܕܝܘܬܐ. ‎«jl‏ ܠܩ ܟܝ̈ܢܐ
ܕܠܬܪܝܢܘܬܐ ܐܬ ܦܬܣܩܘ: ܘܐܬܦܪܢܘ ܠܐܚܪܢܝܘܬܐ ܕܝܠܢܝܬܐ.. ܡܶܥܒܕܢܘܬܐ ܘܕܝ̈ܠܝܬܐ
ܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ ‎Les Lots LS‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܘ̈ܕܥܝܢ ܡܝܠܐ ܕܐܝܓܪܬܐ ‎Jus;‏
‏ܕܠܐܘܢ ܒܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܸܡܝܪ. ܡܥܒܕܐ ܓܝܪ ‎Je‏ ܡܢ ܕܡܕܘ̈ܐܐ ܒܫܘܬܦܘܬܐ ‎uà‏ ܐܚܪܬܐ..
‎où‏ ܡܕܡ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎QS.‏ ܟܕ ‎oq‏ ܡܶܢ ܡܠܬܐ ܣܝܿܥܪ. ܗ݀ܝ ܕܐܝܬܝܪܘ̇ ܕܡܠܝܬܐ.
ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܦܓܪܐ ‎να κ νό‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ ܕܦܓܪܐ܀ ܠܘܩܟܒܠ ܗܠܝܢ ‎Jos‏
‏ܕܣܩܘܒܠܐܝܬ ܢܣܚܡܟ.. ‎[μου] ὄχ ο ? eoa S 6.0 I a aero, Jo ΜΙ‏
ܘܡܟܣ̈ܢܝܬܐ' ܕܪܘܫܥܐ. ܐܡܪ ܓܚܪ ܒܣܟܘܠܝܘܢ ‎où‏ ܕܡܛܠ ‎aset ανα‏ * 2995
ܐܝܬ ܠܟܠܚܝܙܐ ‎ανα»‏ ܐܝܟ ‎Pass] pl + Joan)‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܡܠܬܐ. ‎J‏ ܕܝܢ
ܥܝܼܕܐ ‎où Joous δι‏ ܡܕܘ »| ‎Aus SO‏ ܕܝܢ ܡܠܘܢ ܠܗܽܘ ‎mul,‏
‏ܐܘܟܝܬ ° ܐܬܚܝܕ. ‎οἱ. σα‏ ܘܠܡܥܒܕܢܘܬܗ. ܐܟܙܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܢܘܪܐ ܟܕ ܐܚܝܕܐ ‎Lans‏
‎τοι» JLS Asso‏ ܡܡܫܬܠܛܛ ܐ ܒܗ ܡܶܝܢ ܘܠܐ ܡܿܝܦܝܩܝܐ ܠܗ ܡܝܢ ܡܝܢ ‎Joous Li‏

‎1. Ms. pl. — 2. Ms. wilh stop following. — 3. Ms. sing.

‎those who confess the properties of the natures of which the one Christ
consists, but those who separate the properties, and apportion them to each
nature apart. When the one Christ has once been divided (and he is divided
by the fact that they speak of two natures after the union), with the natures
which have been cut asunder into a duality and separated into ἃ distinct diver-
sity go the operalious and properties whieli are the olTspring of this division,
as the words of Leo's impious letter state in what he said : « For each of the
forms effects in partnership with ihe other that which belongs to itself, the
Word doing that which belongs to the Word, and the body performing the
things which belong to the body »'..— Against these things it is well to sel
the much-honoured words of the holy Cyril which refuto impiety. In the
Scholion about the coal he speaks as follows : « Nevertheless we may 500
in the coal as iu ἃ figure that God the Word was united to the manhood,
bnt has not cast off being that which he 1s, but rather changed what had
been assumed or united into his glory and operation. For, as fire when
it takes hold of wood and is introduced into it, prevails over it, aud does

‎1. Kp. 28, ἃ (P. L., LIV, 768).
