‎I. — TO OECUMENIUS. 187‏ ]15[
ܠܐܠܗܐ܇܇ ܣܩܘܒܠ ‎Joc‏ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܐܫܬܬܩܝܬ. ܗܳܝ ܓܚܪ ܕܟܕ ܡܝܢ ܬܪ̈ܚܢ ‎Iac‏
‏ܡܿܘܕܝܢܝܢ ܠܗ ܠܥܡܢܘܐܝܠ: ܠܗܠܝܝܢ ܕܡܢܗܝܢ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎Loi πλοῦ‏ ܕܐܚ ܕܝܢ
ܠܧܩܢ̈ܘ̈ܡܐ ܣ̈ܓܝܐܐ: ܗܕܐ ܗܝ ܓܝܪ ܕܝܠܝܬܐ ܕܓܢܣܐ.. ܡܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܣܝܓܝ ܫܟܝܪ̈ܢ
‎“BR! κος‏ ܘܕܡܫܕ̈ܪܢ ܥܕܠܝܐ ܗܽܘ ܕܡܢ ܪ̈ܫܝܥܐ ܥܠܝܢ ‎RL‏ ܡܬܛܒܒ.
‎x‏ ܓܝܪ ‎μ.ο‏ ܡܫܬܟܚܝܢܢ ܕܡܡܬܠܝܢܢ ‎λογο‏ ܚܕܝܘܬܐ ܐܝܟ ܡܠܬܐ ‎“δ‏
‏ܐܝܬ ܗܘܬ ܓܝܪ ܟܠܝܗܿ ‎..JAasa]‏ ܝܕܝܥܐ ܗܝ ܕܝܢ , ܘܠܠܗܘܬܐ. ܘܡܝܢ ܩܝ ܕܡ
ܡܬܒܪܢܫܢܘܬܗ ܕܡܠܬܐ. ܘܗܥܫܝܢ ‎LÉ‏ ܥܠ ܡܡܠܠܐ ܕܡܢ ‎Jas‏ ܬܘܒ ‎«X120‏
‏ܗܘܺܝ܂. ܘܠܝܘ ܥܠ ܒܪܬ ‎Jo‏ ܟܬܝܒܬܐ ܕܒܝܕ ‎cor fl GC)‏ ܕܡܡܫܥܒܝܕܐ ܠܝܙܥܘܪܘܬ
ܡܠܬܐ[ ̇. ܘܩܚܝܢܕܘܢܘܣ ‎[Naso‏ ܠܙܘܽܘ ‎NS,‏ ܐܡܬܝ 920 ܡܢ ܫܡ̈ܥܗܐ ‎Jo‏
‎οἱ cr‏ ܡܠܐ ܕܠܐ ‎is‏ ܡܬ ܬܐܣܝܡܟ ܒܟܥܬܝܒܬܐ. ܝܕܥ ܐܢܬ ܗܘ ܓܝܪ
‎cL‏ ܡܠܐ ‎LAS‏ ܥܠ ܫܩ̈ܫܝܦܐ ‎Run)‏ ܟܕ ‎SAS μοι‏ ܗܘܝܬ. ܟܕ
ܒܡܫܦܢܘܬܐ ܡܢ ܡܘܕܐ ܐܢܬ ‎ΜΗ] Si hos‏ ܒܪܡ ܕܝܢ , ‎Jess‏ ܐܠܐ ܠܢ 9
ܪܡܙܐ ܕܠܥܠ ܘܪ̈ܚܝܼܡܐ: ܠܘܬ ܗܢܐ ܛܟܣܐ ‎Laos‏ ܐܬܝܢ ,. | ‎LAS‏ ܬܫܒܘܚܬܐܼ
‎Lao yb Jo les:‏ ܒܦܘܡܝܢ ‎os Nego. JA‏ ܠܟܬܒܐ. ܟܬܝܒ ‎HN‏

‎1. Ms. RES

‎up again from the beginning the contention that had been put to silence.
While confessing Emmanuel to be of two natures, to suppose the
elements of which he consists to be wencralities covering many livpostases
(this 18 what is meant hy the property of a generality) is a thing that
is very abomiuable aud inept, and one that confirms the charge falsely
disseminated against us by the impious : for we are found to be imagluing
two natures belore the union according to their account: for there would
be the whole of humanity and of course the Godhead also, even before
the liumanization of the Word, And these matters would need further
conversation by word of mouth, not written words in a letter, which are
subject io cunsiderations of brevity, and bring dauger' lo the writer,
wherever any unusual name or unelaborated phrase is inserted in the
document. You know what words that lead to rocks you have used in your
recent composition, and, though admitting that you do this as a concession,
you have still done it. But to us, who by ordinance from above and mercy
have attained to tliis priestly office, it does not bring honour to take such ill
expressions in our mouth and consign them to writing : for it is written,

‎1. κίνδυνος.
