* 119 v? b.

178 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [0]

° ܟܝ̈ܢܝܐ. ܘܠܘ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܢܫܘܬܐ ܠܚܘܕܐܝܬ ‎colas Lau] Juss‏ ܘܬܘܒ ܗܥܝܢ
ܕܐܠܗܘܬܐ ‎JO Rss‏ ܡܠܬܐ ܢܚܫܘܒ. ܐܠܐ ܒܠܚܘܕ ‎SCR CTS v»‏
ܟܕ ܦܘܠܓܐ܂ ܠܐ ܡܩܒܠܝܢ. ܡܠܬܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܚܕܝܘܬܐ. ‎Jl Less‏ ܡܿܥܩܒܬܐ. ܘܫܝܼܡܥ
ܡܢܐ ܐܡܪ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܘܡܠܦܢܐ ܚܟܝܡܐ ܩܘܪܝܠܘܣ܆. ܒܛܘܡܣܐ ܕܬܪ̈ܝܢ ܕܡܟܬܒܢܘܬܐ
ܕܠܘܩܒܠ ܓܘܕ̈ܦܘܗܝ ܕܢܣܛܘܪܝܘܣ܀ ܕܐܢܫܥܘܬܐ ܡܝܢ ܓܝܪ ‎Jose‏ + ܝܗ̇ܒ ܐܢܐ
ܐܦ ܐܢܐ . ‎Ενα‏ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܐܝܬܘܘܝ܂ ܘܪܚܝܩܘܬܐ. ‎Jose]‏ ܓܝܪ ܶܡܬܬܚܙܝܢ
ܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܐܫܬܡܗ ܒܡܠܬܐ ܗ݀ܝ ‎yl‏ ܐܝܟܢ ܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ.. ܘܕܐܼܦܠܐ ܒܡܕܡ ‎x»‏
‏ܠܚ̈ܕܕܐ. ܟܕ ܐܬܐ ܠܢ ܕܝܢ ܠܡܨܥܬܐ ܪܐ ܙܐ ܕܒܡܫܝܚܐ. ܡܠܬܐ ܕܚܕܝܘܬܐ ܠܐ ܛܥܝܐ
‎κό‏ ܠܫܘܚܠܦܐ. ܡܿܦܩܐ ܕܝܢ ܠܦܘܠܓܐ. ܠܘ ܟܕ ܚܒܝܿܟܐ ܥܡ ܚܝ̈ܕܕܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܡܿܥܡܙܓܐ
ܟܝ̈ܢܐ. ܐܠܐ ܕܟܕ ܠܒܣܪܐ ܘܕܡܐ ܐܫܬܘܬܦ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ܂. ܚܕ ܬܘܒ ܐܦ ܗܟܢܐ ܒܪܐ
ܡܣܤܬܟܠ ܘܡܒܫܬܡܙܘ܀ ܐܢܕܝܢ ܚܕ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܥܡܢܘܐܝܠ: ܡܢ ܐܠܗܘܬܐ ‎Jasslo‏
‏ܕܡܫܡܠܝܐܝܬ ܐܝܬ ܠܗܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܝܠܗܝܢ: ܘܚܕܝܘܬܐ ܩܢܘܡܝܬܐ ܕܠܐ ܒܘܠܒܠܐ..
ܡܿܚܘܝܐ ܡܢ ܠܫܘܚܠܦܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܬܟܢܫܘ ܠܚܕ ܒܚܕܝܘܬܐ ܡܿܕܒܪܢܝܬܐ܂. ܡܿܦܝܩ ܐ
ܕܝܢ ܠܦܘܠܓܐ. ܘܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ ܟܝܢܐܝܬ ‎flans;‏ ܕܝܠܗ̇ ܕܐܠܗܘܬܗ ܕܡܠܬܬܐ

exists in the form of a manifestation of natural differences), and not that we
should ascribe the acts of the mauhood onlv to the human nature, and impute
again those of the Godhead separately to God the Word, but they recognise
the difference only, not admitting a division : for tlie principle of union does
not admit of division. Hear what the holy aud wise doctor Cyril says in the
second volume‘ of the work against the blasphemies of Nestorius : « For
between Godhead and manhood 1 also allow that there is great distinction
and distance. — For the things which have been named on the principle of
manner ol existence are clearly different, and in no point like one auother.
But, when the mystery in Christ is introduced among us, the principle of
union is not oblivious of difference, but rojeets division, not by mixing or
commiugling the natures with one auother, but that, after the Word of God
has partaken of flesh and blood, he is even so understood and named as one
Son »*. But, if Emmanuel is one, consisting of Godhead and manhood which
have a perfect existence according to their own prineiple, and the hvpostatie
union without confusion shows the difference of those which have been

joined in oue in dispensatory union, but rejects division, both the elements

1. τόμος, — 2. Adv. Nesl., 11, 6 (ed. Pusey, VI, p. 118}.
