‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [20]‏ 192
‎JHasslo‏ ܓܢܣܢܝܬܐ. ܐܠܗܘܬܐ ܓܝܪ ܟܘܠܢܝܬ ܐ .ܝܕܝܥܐ ‎Ha Ness aot‏ ܡܬܚ ܙܝܐ
ܘܐܢܫܘܬܐ ܓܢܣܢܝܬܐ.. ܠܘܬ ܟܠܗ ‎esa] Loi‏ ܡܬܝܚܐ ܠܬܪܥܝܬܐܼ. ܐ ܝܟܢܐ
ܗܟܝܠ ܠܘ ܕܓܘܚܟܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܘܕܪܘܦܥܐ:. ܕܬܠܝܬܝܘܬܐ ܢܐܡܪ ܕܐܬܚܝܕܬ݀ ܒܩܢܘܡܐ
‎Lors‏ ܕܐܢܫܘܬ|܆. ܟܕ ܟܬ ܒܐ ܩ̈ܕܝܢܐ ‎BM LES‏ ܡܢ ܫܝܦܘܪܐ ‎exe‏
‏ܕܡܠܬܬܐ ܒܣܪܐ ܗܘܼܐ ܘܐܓ ‎UD‏ ܝܕܝܥܐ ܗܝ ܕܝܢ ‎Où‏ ܚܕ ܡܢ ‎JAN‏ ܩܫ̈ܘܡܐ܆. ‎où‏
‎rl‏ ܠܒܣܪܐ ܕܡܬܝ̣ܦܦܫ ܒܢܦܝܐ ܡܠܝܠܬܐ ܩܢܘܡܐܝܬ. ܒܗܿܝ ܕܝܢ܂ ܘܠܐ ܚܝܢܢ
ܒܦܪܝܢܢ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܒܐܓܪ̈ܬܐ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܚܬܐ ܡܫܚܠܦܐܝܬ ܟܬܒܢܢ. ܕܩܢ̈ܘܡܐ ܙܒ̈ܢܝܢ

‏ܣ̈ܓܝܐܢ ᾿ ܡܫܟܚܝܢܝܢ ‎SIA‏ )) .1( ܒܫܡܐ ܕܐܘܣܝܐ. ܡܢ ܗܪܟܐ ܓܪܝܓܪܝܘܣ ̇

‏ܡܶܢ ܡܡܿܠܠ ‎flans A‏ ܩܢܘܡܝܬܐ.. ‎Laco]‏ ܫܡܗ. ܒܐܝܓܪܬܐ ܕܠܘܬ
ܩܝܠܕܘܢܝܘܣ.܆. ‎ὀμιοια.» Laon ωδι‏ ܠܝܼܒܕܢܢ. ܟܕ ‎£l‏ ܗܟܢܐ܀ ܡܢ -- ‎PEL‏
‎esas)‏ ? ܒܛܝܒܘܬܐ ‎sl‏ ܐܠܐ ܠܘ ܕܒܐܘܣܝܐ ܐܬ݀ܚܝܕ ܘܥܡܗ ܐܬܓܝܼܒܠ.. ‎Joou‏
‎ο.‏ ܡܢ ܡܥܒܕܢܘܬܐ ‎JAN so‏ ܡܠܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܢܗܘܐ ‎JLss‏ ܡܝܢ ‎ca‏ ܕܠܩܘܒܐܐ܀
ܩܘܪܝܠ ܘܣ ܕܝܝܢ ܚܟܝܡܐ: ‎ts‏ ܕܬܪ̈ܬܝܢ ܕܠܘܬ ܣ ܘܩ ܥ .ܣܘܣ ܠܐܢܥ ܘܬܐ
‎Hull:‏ ܩܢܘܡܐܝܬ ܠܐܠܗܐ ܡܠܬܐ .. ‎τὸ ο.‏ ܓܝܪ ܟܕ

‎1. Ms. om. — 2. Ms. pl.; Greg. προφήτη.

‎general : for it is manifest that the whole of the Godhead is seen in the
"Trinity, and humanity in general draws the mind to the whole human race.
How therelore is it anything but ridiculous and impious lor us to say that
the Trinity was united in hypostasis to the race of mankind, when the holy
Scriptures say more plainly than a trumpet, « The Word became flesh and
dwelt in us »', that is that one of the three hypostases who was rationally
and hypostatically united to soul-possessing flesh? But neither do we ἄδην,
as we have also written in other letters on different occasions, that we often
find men designating hypostases by the name of essence”. [lence Gregory
the Theologian named hypostatie union union in essence? in the letter to
Cledonius which we have just mentioned, speaking thus : « Whoever says
that he worked by grace as in a prophet, but not that he was united and
fashioned together with him in essence, may he be bereft of the excellent
operation, or rather may he be full of the contrary »?. And the wise Cyril
in the second letter to Succensus calls the manhood which was hypostatically
united to God the Word essence?, saying : « For, if after saving ‘one nature

‎1. John, 1, 14. — 3. οὐσία. — ὃς Ep. 101 (P. 4 XXXVII, 180).
