‎XXV. — TO τη EMESENES. 257‏ ]65[
ܡܬܒܟܝ̈ܢܝܬܐ ܡܬܒܩܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ 2339[ ‎ο νο‏ ܟܝܢܚܝܘܬܐ
ܥܕ ‎MM‏ ܥܕ ܐܝܬ ‎ba‏ ܟܕ ܡܬܩܪܐ 26« ܡܢ ܐܟܣܘܪܝܐ ܢܣܛܘܪܝܘܣ ܚܕܬܘ.
ܘܥܠܥܡܗ ܕܡܫܝ ܚܬ ܕܡܕܦܠܓ. ‎asus‏ ܐܟܚܕܐ. ܕܠܐ ܗܿܝ ܕܠܐ ‎sl‏ ܗܠܝܝܢ ‎RAM‏
‏ܢܬܚܕܬܢ. ܟܕ ‎σοι‏ ܠܡ̈ܡܬܠܐ ܣܟܒ̈ܝܐ ܘܦܘ̈ܥܝܬܐ ‎yon δου‏ ܗܠܝ ܢ| ‎E‏
‏ܩܕܝܥܐ ܩܘܪܝܠܘܣ ‎Jo Nas‏ ܡܢ ܕܡܟܬܒܢ̈ܘܬܗ: ܘܒܐܓܪܬܐ ܩܕܡܝܬܐ ‎Ja‏
‏ܣܘܘܩܢܣܘܣ1: ܗܿܝ ܕܡܢ ܠܥܠ ܥܒܝܕܬ ‎Oups‏ ܗܠܝܢ ‎οὶ‏ ܫܘܚܠܦܐ ܕܝܢ ‎où‏
‏ܕܠܟܝܢܐ ‎JI «μον‏ ܡܨܝܐ ‎Nasa;‏ ܦܓܪܐ ܕܡܢ ܐܪܥܐ. ܕܠܐ ܦܘܪܣܐ ° ‎οἱ‏ ܓܚܪܿ.
ܘܐܠܐ ܐܡܪܝܢܢ ܠܗܿ ܠܐܠܗܘܬܐ ܐܝܟ ܥܒܝܕܬܐ܂. ܘܐܝܟ ܐܝܕܐ ܕܢܣܒܕܬ ‎ài‏ ܡܕܡ ‎où‏ ܕܠܐ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܕܝܠܗ̇ ܒܟܝܢܐ. ‎Los‏ ܗܝ ܓܝܪ ܠܡܠܬܐ ܕܠܐ ܘܠܝܬܐ ܗ̇ܝ ܕܢܐܡܪ
‎Ss ual‏ ܦܓܪܐ ܠܟܝܢܐ ܕܐܠܗܘܬܐ. ܘܬܘܒ ܘܗܝ ܐܚܪܬܐ ‎SN Mal,‏ ܡܠܬܐ ܠܟܝܢܐ
ܕܒܣܪܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܗܕܐ ܠܐ ܡܨܝܐ܂. ܠܐ ܡܫܬܚܠܦܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܘܠܐ ܡܫܬܓܢܝܢܐ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ.. ܗܟܢܐ ‎2e‏ ܐܚܪܬܐ. ‎J‏ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܡܢ ‎«οι‏ ܕܡܨ̈ܝܢ. ܕܠܐܘܣܝܐ
‎Mol‏ ܠܟܝܢܐ ܕܐܠܗܘܬܐ ܡܫܟܝܝ ‎Iia,‏ ܡܕܡ ܡܢ ܒܕ̈ܝܬܐܼ. ‎Ja‏ ܗܘ ܕܝܢ ܐܦ

‏ܦܓܪܐ. ܡܕܝܢ ‎Lo‏ ܡܶܢ ܐܡܪܝܢܢ ‎ONE‏ ܦܓܪܗ ‎ο νο‏ ܕܐܦ ܦܓܪܐ
ܕܐܠܗܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ. ܘܒܫܘܒܚܐ ܠܐ ܡܬܡܠܠܢܐ ‎«σορό‏ ܠܐ ܡܬܚܒܠܢܐ. (ܩܕܝܥܐ.)°

‎1, Mz. ‏ܚܝ ,ܣܘܩܘܙܣܘܣ‎ 2, Ms, on, Cyr. ἅγιον; soe p. 66, 1. τς

‎as | pray may not happen, the past be repeated »'. The holy. Cyril there.
fore, having exposed such old people's fables and Jewish tales? in every
part of his writings, in the first letter to Succensus also, which 1 mentioned
above, said thus : « Bul it is impossible for a body taken from earth to
endure the change into the divine nature; lor it cannot be done. And, if
not, we speak of the Godhead as a thing that is made, and as a thing that
has taken into it something that is not its by nature. For on the score of
impropriety it is equal for απλο say that the body was changed into the
nature of Godhead, and also the other thing too that the Word was changed
into the nature of flesh. For, as this is impossible (for he is invariable and
immutable), so also is tlie other. For it is not among possibilities that auy
created thing can pass into the essence or nature of Godhead. But the
body too is a created thing.  Accordingly we say that Christ's body is
divine, because it is also God's body, and resplendent with ineffable glorv.
incorruptible, holy, lifo-giving : but, that il was chauged into the nature

‎1. Not otherwise known. Citations from the letter are found in G 33 i b and L 21 rh. —
2, I] Tin, 1v, 7; Tit 1, 15.

‎ΤᾺ 172
