± ?1 vt 12

* 71 b.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [50]‏ 258
ܢܥܠ ܐܝܟ ܡܐ ܕܐܡܿܪ ܗܢܐ ‎Jos‏ ܘܡܿܬܛܥܝܢܐ. ܚܠܦ ܡܶܝܢ ܦܓܖ̈ܐ ‎NOT‏ ܕܠܡܘܬܐ
ܐܫܬܠܡܘ ܠܐ ܡܚܘܬܘܬܐ ܕܪ̈ܘܚܬܐ܆. ° ܚܠܦ ‎κ‏ ܚܒܬܐ ‎Las,‏ ܠܐ ܡܬܚܒܥܢܘܬܐ
‎Deer‏ ܚܠܦ ܕܝܢ ..16.....5[ ܕܚ ܛ ܗ̈ܐ ܫܦ ܝܥܘܬܐ ‎μου! 11] ΠΩΣ‏
ܕܠܝܒܪܢܫܐ ‎tops‏ ܘܡܝܢ ܛܝܝܒܝܘܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎μόν‏ ܕܒܝܕ ‎κ‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܠܐ
ܡܚܘܬܘܬܐ: ܒܬܛܥܝܘܬܐ ܐܫܬܠܚ: ܠܘܬ ܗܺܝ ܕܡܢ ‎Ja rA» Jos Lios‏ ܕܦܓܖ̈ܐ
ܕܠܠܐ ܡܬܚܒܠܢܘܬܐ: ‎δι‏ ܕܒܙܘْ ܐܦ ‎Slokas μοὶ Las‏ ܒܚܕ̈ܘܪܐ ܘܒܬ ܦܒܘܚܬܐ..
ܐܝܟ ‎«δι‏ ܕܟܬܝܒ ܐ ‎SUM‏ ܘܒܬܙ ܙܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܙ܀ 59« ܗܠܚܝܝܢ ܕܝܢ ‎sehr‏ ܠܝ ܐܝ ܬ
ܝܕܥܬܘܢ ܚܘܒܠܗ ܕܒܟܠ ܡܕܡ .. ܘܠܐ ܒܚܝܪܘܬܗܼ ܕܡܛܠ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ. ܒܡܡܠܝܠܐ
‎Le‏ ܕܡܛܠ ܐܼܒܐ ‎Jiso‏ ܚܒܘܟܢܐ ‎Jaen.‏ ܟܕ ܠܠܐ ܐܠܗܘܬܐ ܕܣܟܒܠܝܘܣ
‎o Nen Lisa -‏ ܙܢܩ. ܒܡܬܒܣ ܝܪܢ ܘܬܐ ‎Lr‏ ܡܣ ܒܪܢܝܘܬܐ ܘܦ ܘܚ ܠܦܐ ..
ܘܗܠܝܢ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ ܕܡܬ[ ܒ)ܪܢܫܢܘܬܐ ܫܪܝܪܬܐ ‎Ris‏ ܘܥܡ ܦܘܪܩܢܐ ܕܝܠܢ
‎DEAS‏ ܒܩܝܡܬܐ ܚܘܣܪܢܐ ܕܣܒܪܐ.. ܘܟܦܘܪܝܐ ܕܩܝܝܡܬܐ ܕܦܓܪ̈ܐ.̇ ܒ ܒܚܪܘܝܘܬܐ
‎LoN - νου η‏ ܡܓܕܦܢܐ ‎xo‏ ܒܬܣܟܡܐ ܕܪܚܘܡܝܘܬܐ:. ‎Noa‏
‏ܒܪܘܝܐ ‎Jrasso‏ ܚܟܝܡܡܐ:܆. ܘܕܐܚܘ̈ܬܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ ‎Luis oae,‏ ܘܕܡܪܩܝܝܘܢ ܦܛܛܚܪ.

‎1. Here. begins an extrael in F 22 y^, headed : Sel, and in K 57 1^, hended : ose. ‏ܚܝ‎ 2, K ο... —
3. V om. Here [he extraets in F and K end.

‎things in place of another, as this wicked and deceiving man says; in
place of bodies that had. been delivered to death tlie immortality of spirits,
and in place of the corruption of the world. eternal incorruptibility, and
in place of abundance of sins. abnndance of right acts: but in order that
he might raise man, who had fallen, and bv erring been stripped of the
grace of God through whieh he had immortahty, to the original state,
through the resurrection of the bodies into incorruption, by which this
world also shall partake of the freedom and the glory, as we have written.
(And after other things.)

‎But from the investigation you have plainly recognised his corruption
on every point, and his spuriousness in the matter of faith; in the theology
which eoneerus the. Father and the Son mingling of hvpostases (since he
has cast behind him the godlessness of Sabellius the Libyan); in the
Incarnation of the Only. one phantasy and change, and the other things
that do away the true Humanization and fight against our salvation; in the
Resurrection lessening of hope, and denial of tlie. resurrection of bodies;
iu the creation of the visible world, à blaspheming tongue that under the

‎appearaunee of good will arms itsell against the wise Creator and Maker,
