® 5 «

‎LETTERS οι SEVERUS. 10‏ 340
ܡܬܐ ܇܇ ‎ΝΟ,‏ ܡܢ ܒܠ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ܆. ܡܬܥܪܝܢܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎Ka‏ ܘܩܛܝܢܘܬܗ
ܘܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܠܐ ܡܬܥܝܪܝܢܐ ܠܗܠܝܢ ‎JI ας‏ ܡܬܩܕܡܢܝܬܐ ܐܝܬܝ :ܘ
ܕܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ܀ ‎JR sa‏ ܘܠܗܘܢܐ܆. ܙܐܝܟܢܐ ܟܠܗ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
ܗܘܐ ܒܟܒܣܪܐ܆. ܘܟܠܪܗܘ ܒܟܘܠܐ ܘܟܠܗ ܝܬܝܪ ܡܝܢ ‎Ko‏ ܘܗܼܘ ܒܠܐܐ ܣܘܝܟܐ ‎AT mul‏
‎oon‏ ܕܝܢ ܩܢܘܡܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܡܠܬܐ: ܡܗܝܡܢܝܢܢ ܕܐܬܒܣܪ: ܐܝܟ ܡܫܠܡܢܘܬܐ ܕܡܢ
ܠܥܠ ‎JI ass‏ ܕܥܕܬܐ ‎JAN.‏ ܗܝ ܡܿܢ .239« ܕܚܕܐ ܙܒܢ ܗܝܡܢܘ ܠܐܘܢܓܠܝܘܢ
ܕܒܝܕ ܣܗܙܘ̈ܬܐ ܢܘܐ ܐܝܟܐ ܕܝܘܚܢܝܢ ‎Jis Loi‏ ܝܬܝܪ ܡܢ ‎Hie go]‏ ܐܡܪ
ܕܡܠܬܐ ܒܣܪܐ ‎Jon‏ ܘܐܓܝܢ ܒܢ. ܒܪܡ ܡܛܠ ‎SNS Rs δι‏ ܦܘܫܟܐ: ܘܕܥܠ
ܟܠܗ ܚܪܝܢܐ ܬܪ̈ܥܐ ܢܩܫܡ܂ ‎"μμ‏ ܠܢ ܠܡܕܥܬܐ ܐܦ ܥܠ ܗܕܐ ‎Mis.‏ ܩܠܗ ‎ο‏
‏ܕܐܒܐ ܐܡܪ ܐܢܐ ‎Boro x‏ ܩܘܪܝܠܣ. ‎cA)‏ ܒܡܦܩ ܒܪܘܚܐ ܕܩܦܬܐܘܢ ܕܬܙ̈ܝܢ
ܕܠܘܬ ܬܐܕܘܪܝܛܐ ܣ] ° ‎Lis‏ ܗܟܢܐ܀ ܟܕ ܢܣܛܘܪܝܣ ܗܟܝܠ ܡܪܚܡ ‎Nas Q6‏
‎y?‏ ܠܝܠܕܐ ܕܒܒܣܪ: ܘܒܠܚܚܘܕ ܚܕܝܘܬܐ ܕܫܘܠܛܛܢܐ ܡܥܠ ‎WM‏ ܘܐܡܪ ܕܒܚܪ
ܐܢܫܐ ܐܬܩܦ ‎:jocwJ)‏ ܕܒܫܘܝܘܬ ‎fans‏ ܕܒܪܘܬܐ ‎aa‏ ܐܬܐܠܨܢܢ ܟܕ ‎Vs οα‏
ܗܠܝܢ ܕܗܘ ܡܬܟܬܫܝܢܢ.. ܕܚܕܝܘܬܐ ܩܢܘܡܝܬܐ ‎weh‏ ܕܗܘܼܐ. ܘܕ ܗܼܝ ܩܢܘܡܝܬܐ܂

‎l. Ms. | — 2, Kic ms.

‎the mystery cannot be explored by reason and intellect , how the whole of
him was iu flesh, and the whole of him 15. in all things and the whole of him
is superior to all things and he himself is Ruler of all in infinity. But, that we
believe that the very hypostasis of God the Word became incarnate, aecor-
ding to the apostolic tradition of the church that has been handed down from
ο old, it is superfluons for us to demonstrate by testimonies to those who have
ounce believed in the Gospel, when John who was divine in words beyond the
evangelists said, «The Word became flesh and eame to dwell in 118 »'". How
ever, since there is a doubt about it, and in order that we may close the doors
against all contention, on this point too let the words of the father himself,
11:10:11 the holy Cyril, come to our assistance, who in the defenceof tlie second
chapter? addressed. to Theodoret the deceiver wrote thus : « Since Nestorins
therefore everywhere eliminates the birth in flesh, and introduces amoug nsa
union of authority only. and says that a man was eonjotned to God, who is hon
ou redby identity of name of souship, in contending against his propositions we
were compelled to sav that the hypostatic union took place, in which expression

‎| Jolin, 1, 14. — 2 $
