[61] XXV. — TO TIIE EMESENES. 233

ܗܕܐ ‎s.l oso.‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܡܢ ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܐܸܬܚ̈ܘܝ ‎cS‏ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ‎ο‏ ܕܒܢܩܚܝܦܘܬܐ
ܡܢ ‎ο...‏ ܠܘ ܠܒܪ ܡܝܢ ܒܣܪܐ ܗܘ. ܚܕ ܓܝܪ | ‎uoto.‏ ܡܢ ‎Jo RE‏
ܘܐܢܫܘܬܐ,. ܕܡܫܡܠܝܐܝܬ ܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܝܠܗܚܢ. ܒܟܝܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܝܠܗ.
‎EN‏ ܡܝܢ ܒܣܪܐ ܘܕܡܐ ܡܬܝܕܥ ‎Jo μοιοδ‏ ܦܓܪܿ. ܠܘ ܟܕ ܒܟܝܢܐ ܕܐܠܗܘܬܐ..
‎οἱ‏ ܟܕ ܒܐܘܣܚܐ ܡܿܙܓܗ 1-5« ܐܠܐ ܕܡܥܠܝܬܐ ܘܕܟܝܬܐ ܘܠܐ ܡܚܠܛܬܐ| ܢܛܪܗܿ
ܠܗܕܐ:. ܒܡ ܘܕܥ ܘܬ ‎J^‏ ܦܓܪܢܝܘܬܐ ‎as‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܠܐ ܢܥ ܘܬܐ ‎E E δι‏
ܠܗ ܩܢܘܡܐܝܬܐ ‎J|‏ ܫܚܠܦ. ܐܠܐ ܡܚܪܪܬܐ܂ ܘܠܐ ܡܫܬܚܠܦܢܐܝܬ ‎πιο is‏
‎AD)‏ ܒܕܓܘܢ ܘܠܝܢܣܛܘܪܝܣ ܘܠܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܠܝܗ ܝܙܘܘܕܐܝܬܐ ܡܬܪܥܚܝܢ
ܐܝܬ ‎ras vy Jj‏ ܠܠܐ ܫܘܚܠܦܐ ܕܚܕܝܘܬܐ ܩܢܘܡܝܬܐ܆. ܘܕܕܠܘܚܝܐ
ܢܡܘܢ ܒܬܪ̈ܥܝܬܐ ܕܡܙܘ̈ܝܚܡܢܐ:. ܟܕ ܗܕܐ ܠܥܠ ‎Lo‏ ܥܫܟܚܝܢ.. ‎«à‏ ܕܠܐܘܣܚܐ
‎JA o‏ ܡܘܕܝܝܢ ‎ων)»‏ ܦܓܪܐ. ‎I‏ ܡܬܪܥܝܢܝܢ ܚܕ ܟܝܢܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܡܠܬܐ
‎solo (002.309‏ ܕܗܼܢܘܢ ܠܚܘܕܝܗܘܢ ‎Là‏ ܘܡܬܘܼܝܐ܆. ‎vM‏ ܐܐ ‎JAM‏
‎[kiss‏ ܐܠܗܘܬܐ ‎Ja‏ ܩܕܝܫܬܐ.. ‎LORS‏ ܕܡܘܕܝܢ ܕܒܪܢܫܐ ‎où‏ ܕܡܝܢ ܡܪܚܡ
ܐܝܟ ܕܗܼܢܘܢ ‎“ol‏ ܒܪܝܚܡܘܬܐ ܚܘܒܢܝܬܐ ܐ ܬܢܩܦ ܠܐܠܗܐ ܡܠܬܐ ° ‎SloNssoo‏

1. Ma. ‏ܡܚܘܐ‎ . — 2, M-. Γαλ».

this, as is plain from what we have demonstrated, that in the dispen-
satory conjunetion he 18 not without flesh : for he is one composed of two
elements, the Godhead and the manhood, which have a perfect existence in
their own sphere; but in his own nature he is known to be apart from flesh
and blood, and without a body ; not that he mingled Besh with the nature or
with the essence‘ of the Godhead, but that he kept the Godliead. sublime
and pure and ummixed, in the characteristies of its own incorporeal character,
as also he did not change the manhood which was by postatically united 0
him, but kept it free and without change in its own characteristics. Where-
fore also one may see tliat Néstorius and those who like Jews hold his
opinions wish to rejeet the absence of change of the hypostatie union, and
io put confusion into the minds of the believers, while they are everywhere
making this charge, that we confess that the body was changed into tlie
divine essence ', aud thereby hold one incarnate nature of God the Word,
and they say that they themselves only, the wretehed, unhappy men, keep
the Godhead of the holy Trinity unmixed and pure, by confessing that the
man from Mary, as they themselves say, in loving merey was conjoined to

l. οὐσία.

* 67 v*b.

^ 68 ra.
