*L106 νος

NNIII
L 1.0 γ5 a.

216 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. 144]

ܕܝ̈ܠܢܝܐ ܕܐܒܐ ܘܕܒܪܐ ܘܕܪܘܚܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܠܐ ܒܠܝܠܘܬܐ ܬܬ ܢܛܪ.ܐ ܒܗܠܝܢ ‎κο‏ ܕܕܡܿܝܢ
ܠܝܪ̈ܗܘܡܫܐ: ܘܒܪܘܦܠܐ ܘܒܠܐ ܝܠ ܝܦ ܘܬܐ ܝܟܘ̈ܣܫܐ.. ܐܣܓܝ ܐܬܕܡܿܒܪܬ.. ܕܩܘܪܝܐܝܬ
‎Jo 1,250‏ ܚܕܬܐ ‎Je NAME oosais Less SETS‏ ܩܢܘ̈ܡܐ܆. ܠܬܠ ‎NN‏ ܘܬܐ
ܩܕܝܫܬܐ. ‎Las‏ ܓܪ ܕܗܕܐ ܡܠܬܐ .. ܠܐ ‎Vus‏ ܥܕܡܐ ‎JM»3as Lions‏
ܝܗܒܐ ܓܝܪ ‎Ss Nus‏ ܕܠܘ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܘܠܠܝܗܘܢ ‎ΙΝ Led‏ ܩܢ ܘ̈ܡܐ
ܕܡܫܒܚܝܢ~°.. ܐܠܐ ° ܚܕ ܕܬܠܝܬܐܝܬ ܡܣܐܬܟܡ ܘܡܫܬܚܠܦ܇. ܒܙܒܝܢ ܡܝܢ ܠܗܘ
‎als‏ ܒܙܒܢ ܕܝܢ ܠܗ̇ܘ ‎ϱ‏ ܒܙܒܢ ܠܝܩܢܘܡܐ ‎Loi‏ ܩܕܝܝܫܐ܇” ‎RS pr‏
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ܆. ‎leo js‏ ܕܝܢ ܐܝܡ ܕܒܬܐܛܝܪܘܢ ܡܝܠ ܦ.. ܘܒ ܙܒܢ ܡܶܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܝܢ
ܦܪܨܘܦܐ ܕܒܐ ‎rase οἱ Sas‏ ܒܙܒܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܢ ܦܪܨܘܦܐ ‎sje‏ ܒܙܒܢ
ܕܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܝܢ ܦܪܨܘܦܐ ‎Lin] shake Lois‏ ܕܢܬܪܥܐ ܢܨܦܪ ܠ ܚܣܝܪ ‎boo‏
‎Le ρα.‏

ܬܘܒ ‎enla‏ ܡܢ ܐܓܪܬܐ ܕܠܘܬ ܩܫܝ̈ܫܐ ܘܪ̈ܫܝ ‎Rhin‏
‏ܝܘܢܬܢ ܘܫܡܘܐܝܠ ‎Lips Saxo‏ ܥܠ ‎mat, or‏

1. Here the exlrael in @ 2: and LE (1) ends. What follows is in G 23 νὴ} (3; and. L 106 y" 3. — 2. Mss,
om. 5 — 3, [ere Hie extracts in G (2) and 1 end. — 4. Ms. ue ae Dance.

tlie Son and the Holy Spirit. But at those who resemble the Romans both in
inpiety and in ignorance, tlie Jebnsites', | am greatly surprised, since they
have in elumsy lashion and hy a new aud very erass expression named the
Holy Trinity α "Trinity of hypostases?. À word compounded in. this way
Γ have never till this day heard; lor it leads us to understand that threc
glorified liypostases do not exist apart, but one that takes three lorms and
changes now into the hypostasis of the Father, now into that of the Son,
now into the hypostasis of the Holy Spirit, and that it is one, but changes
person? as in a theatre, aud speaks or acts now as from the person? of ilie
Father, now as from the person? of the Son, now as from the person? of the
Holy Spirit, as the witless Sahellius the Libyan was pleased to hold.

NXIIE — AGAIN OF THE SAME, FROM THE LETTER TO ΤΗΕ PHESBYTERS AND

ARGUIMANDIUTES, JONATHAN. AND SAMUEL AND Joux, WHO WERE STANDING

1 | 0 Phe. inhabilants of feruxilem — 2. The word is perl τριυπόστατος, — 3. Or "mash or

‘character? (πρόσωπον). — θέατρον.
