XIV
Lisveh.

δι να.

513-8.

208 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [36 |

ܬܗܘܐ. ܐܠܐ ܒܣܤܪܐ ‎aus‏ ܠܐܠܗܐ ܠܗ݀ܘ ܕܡܦܝܝܚܝܐ. ܗܘ ‎«t‏ ܟܕ ܗܘ ܡܚܝܕܐ ܠܗ ܟܕ
ܠܗ . ‎Jio Lasso dA o‏ ܐܢ ܕܝܢ ܗܝ ܟܕ ܗܝ ܐܝܬܝܗܿ: 0 ‎CAN‏

ܠܐܠܗܐ ܘܠܒܚܫ ‎L'or. Las‏ ܕܡܬܟܢܫܐ ܗܕܐ ܐܝܬܝܪܘܿ.. ܕܐܠܗܐ ܗܘ ‎Jia‏ ܡܫܝ ܚܐ
ܡܥܬܐ ܗ݀ܘ ܕܡܛܠܬܢ ܐܬ݀ܒܣܪ ‎sis lle‏ ܘܠܘ ‎basis‏ ܠܒܝܫ ܐܐܠܗܐ܀

ܕܝܠܗ ‎a4‏ ܕܝܠܗ ܡܢ ܫܪܝܐ ܐܘ ܟܝܬ ܡܦܩ ܒܪܘܢܢܐ ܕܬܒܟܥܬܐ
‎STI ea S x 93313‏ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܝܫܬܕܪ ܠܗ ܡܢ ܬܐܘܡܐ
ܣܘܢܩܠܐ ܕܝܠܗ܀

ܚܢܢ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܺܝ ܕܠܗ̇ܢܘܢ ܕܒܟܠܝܩܕܘܢܐ ‎asus]‏ ܠܘܩܝܒ ܠ ‎Nepal Jis‏
‎«ao;‏ ܡܶܝܢ ‎à ] νο].‏ ܕܡܢ ‎e‏ ܟܝ̈ܢܐ: ܢܥܥܘܢ ܕܝܝܢ ܚܠܦܝܘܿ ܗܳܝ ܕܒܬܙ̈ܝܢ
ܟܝ̈ܢܐ ܢܬܝܕܥ ܡܫܝܚܐ: ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܣܝܥܬܐ ܕܢܣܛܪܝܘܣ ‎JR co do Jp No‏
ܪܝܢܝܢܝܢ ‎Sols‏ ܘܠܐ ܡܝܬܘܡ ܠܗܠܝܢ 97 ܟܕ ܠܝܗ̇ ܡܝܬܝܢܢ.. ‎Γι ο)‏
ܕܠܝܘ̈ܠܦܢܐ ܕܢܣܛܪܝܣ ܬܪ̈ܥܐ ܢܦܬܚܘܢ .! ..... ܗܟܢܐ ° ܘܚܢܢ ‎«σα ad, Lan‏
‎Lo‏ ܡܶܢ ܬܒܥܝܢܢ ܕܬܬܟܪܙ ‎CD RES‏ ܕܝܢ ܕܬܫܬܬܩ ܠܓܡܪ ܘܬܦܘܩ ܐܝܟ

1. Son words must have fallen oul.

be it!), but called Christ’s flesh God-elad flesh. But the same immediately
alterwirds termed the same flesh Christ-clad'. But if the expression * God-
clad ‘and * Christ-clad is the same, the conclusion is that Christ the Word
who beeame incarnate and was humanized for our sakes 1s true God, not

a God-elad man.

NIV. — Or THE SAME FROM THE SOLUTION OR DEFENCE IN ANSWER TO TUE

l5" QUESTION OF THOSE THAT WERE SENT TO ΜΗΝ nv "Tnuowas nis SYNCELLUS *.

We therefore judge that which was desired by those who assembled at
Chaleedon awainst the truth, to banish the eonfession that Christ is to be
recognised as from two natures, and lo introduce instead the confession
tiat he 15 to be recognised as in two natures, as the company of Nestoris
desire, to be abominable and also impious, and woe will never propound tlie
same teaching (Ὁ) as those who, in order to open tho gates to the doctrines of
Nestoris, ..... ? so we also require tlie opposite, that the one be openlr
proclaimed, and the other completely suppressed and banished 111 accordance

1. Πρ. 261, 2. Migne's text lias θεοφόρος in bolli places, ‏ܠ‎ χριστοφόρος üs à variant iu. the second. —
2. Perl. the preshyMer of 8. L.. p. 37, 166, 182, 383; sce ep. 17. — 3. Some words have fallen ont.
