* lave,

* E τὸ r^ b.

25^ LETTERS OF SEVERUS. i82]

ܕܒܢ̈ܘܗܝ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܡܣܟܐ. ܒܪܝܬܐ ܓܝܪ ܠܣܪܝܩܘܬܐ ‎Jess Na]‏ ܠܘ ‎yl Suas‏

ος

ܡܛܠ ‎asa) où‏ ܥܠ ܣܒܪܐ. ܗܺܝ ܓܝܪ ܕܐܸܡܿܒܪܐ ܕܐܝܡ ܗܕܐ ‎cor hu‏ ܗܕܐ
ܒܪܝܬܐ ܛܒ ‎"as οἱ‏ ܟܕ ܡܣܟܝܐ ܘܡܣܒܪܐ ܠܛܥ̈ܬܐ ܗܠܝܢ ‎µου‏ ܐܡܪܢܢ.
ܣܘܟܝܐ ‎«a‏ ܛܒ ‎ενω T Lesen so‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܚܢ ܕܛܒ ‎"oot Jootl JA‏
ܡܠܬܐ ܘܦܪܨܘܦܐ ‎lo‏ ܠܟܠܝܗ ܗܢܐ ‎2à Has‏ ܕܐܦ ‎Li‏ ܠܒ̈ܕܝܢ. ܕܢܗܪ̈ܘܬܐ
‎[as ° gi}‏ ܒܐܝ̈ܕܝܐ ܡܡܠܠܚܝܢ. ‎ΙΝ seso‏ ܕܡܫܘܪ̈ܢ܂ ‎TL J3edo‏ ܠܘ ܕܢܦܫ̈ܢܝܐ
ܢܣܬܟܠ ° ‎ook};‏ ܗܠܝܢ.. ܘܠܐ ܕܚܘܘ܀ܒܐ ܡܕܡ ܢܬܠ ܠܗܘܢ . ܐܠܐ ܕܠܫܦܝܥܘܬܐܼ
ܕܛܒ̈ܬܐ܂ ܢܐܠܦ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܗܘܢ ܠܝܠܐ ‎μας ὅλο‏ ܡܬܡܛܛܝܐ. ܠܗ ܕܚܢ ܠܗܕܐ ܘܡܬܡܛܠ
ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܥܫܩܝܝܢ ܙܒ̈ܢܫܝܢ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܢ ܥ ܒܕܝܢ. ܟܕ ‎Es‏ ܘܠܝܓܦܬܐ ‎LM,‏
‎ax» ο... Pa Jose do‏ )30 ܗܪܟܐ ܬܘܒ ‎Jlasis‏ ܕܒܚܝܫ̈ܬܐ
ܢܣܬܟܠ. ܟܕ ‎va‏ ܡܬܐܕܡܐ ‎xS L^»‏ ܦܪܨܘܦܐ ‎XF‏ ܠܒܪܝܬܐ܂ ‎Slo‏
‎ooo Lao,‏ ܠܗܽ. ܠܘ ܡܛܠ ܕܬܐܢܚܬܐ ܡܕܡ ‎Sas‏ )39 ܐܪܥܐ ‎Lasaso‏
‎Jas νο JL‏ ܕܛܒ̈ܬܐ ‎«NS,‏ ܢܚ ܘܐ. ܘܠܪ̈ܓܬܐ ܕܓܗܝܬܐ ܕܡܢ ‎JN‏
‏ܗܥܝܢ ‎Js Are ls‏ ܓܚܪ ܐܸܦܬܥܒܕܬ ܠܣܪܝܩܘܬܐ. ܠܘ ܒܙܒܝܢܘܿ. ‎JI]‏ ܡܛܠ

ܗܝ ‎E‏ .5 ܚ . ܡܣܬܢܦܢܘܬܐ ‎EK‏ ,4 — ܝܠܗ 15 .3 — ‎K ol.‏ ,2 — .ܕܐܡܝܪ 1 .1

Vor creation was made subject to vanity, not of its own accord, bnl. because
of him who subjected it in hope”. For what he savs is something like
this. ‘This same creation suffers. great pain expecting. and hoping for the
good things which we have just mentioned. — Dat expectalion is earnest
looking’. But, in order that tlie account may be clearer, he also personilies
Ihe whole of this world, as tlie prophets too do, when they introduce rivers
clapping hands, and high places leaping, and the. mountains dancing; not
that we may understand these lo be animate, nor that we may assign any
reason to them; but that we may learn the abundance of the good things,
so that il reaches even to things withont perception. And they often do
(bis same thing in the case of distressing things also, introdueing a vine
lamenting and wine and mountains, and the roofs of the temple crying, that
[rom this again we may understand the grealness of the evil things. But,
imitaling these, the apostle personifies ' creation and says that it groaus and
suffers pain; not because he had heard any groan come from earth and
sky: but that he may show the abundanee of the future wood Things, and
be desire of eseape. from the prevailing evil things. ‘For creation was

LA similar passage is ciled from Sev, in Cranier, Gal. in Ep. ad Rom., p. 137.
