‎XNVII. TO JOHN, THEODORE, AND. JOHN, 251‏ 701[
ܘܡܟܬܪܢܘܬܐ| ܕܠܐ ‎aso.‏ ܢܘܬܐ ܗܽܘܝܐ ‎Jan‏ ܟܕ ܚܢܢ ܡܫܬܘܝܢܢ' ܠܩ ܚܝܡܝܬܐ܂
ܘܠܡܬܝܟܘܬܐ ܕܫܡܝܐ. ܡܙܥܩ ܓܚܪ ܘܐܦ ‎og‏ ܚܟܝܡ ܛܒ ܦܘܠܘܣ.. ‎«o Sl‏
ܒܪܝܬܐ ‎CU‏ ܡܢ ܫܘܥܒܕܐ 1 ‎Joni JL‏ ܕܬܫܒܘܝܬܐܐ ܕܒܬ̈ܘܗܝ ܕܐܠܗܐ܀
” ܘܒܬܐ ܐ̱ܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ܀

‏ܐܠܐ ܘܐܦܠܐ ‎ass‏ ܡܬܠ 7 ܕܢܬܚܒܠ ‎ss‏ ܐܠܗܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܛܒܐ . ܦܕ̈ܘܩܝܬܐ°

‏ܐܢܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܫܡܡܥܬ" ܒܕ̈ܝܬܗ ܕܥܠܝܡܐܿ. ‎Jl‏ ܟܢ ܛܒ ܕܟܝܢܐ ܐܫܝܕܐ ‎uoto aul‏ +
ܒܕܠܩܘܒܬܐ ܡܛܠ ‎og‏ ܕܢܫܬܘܬܦ ‎JLs‏ ܡܬܚܒܠܢܘܬܐ. ܠܗ̇ܝ ܕܢܗܘܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
ܐܝܬܝܗ/. ܘܐܦ ܓܚܪ ‎Jus cor‏ + ܬܬܚܪܪ ܡܝܢ ܠܕܒܕܘܬܐ ‎fala‏ ܒܚܪ̈ܘܪܐ ܕܬܫܒܘܚܬܐ
‎conis,‏ ܕܐܠܗܐ. ܐܝܕܐ ܓܝܪ ܡܥܬܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܗ̇ ‎οί‏ ܠܝ ܆. ܕܒܪܢܫܐ ܡܠܝܠܐ ܐܝܟ
ܡܥܬܟ 3+ ‎HAS‏ ܚܛܐ ‎JI JS‏ ܡܬܐܚܒܠܢܘܬܐ܆. ܒܪܝܬܐ ܕܝܢ ܠܐ ܡܢܦܫܬܐ
ܘܠܐ ܪܓܘܫܬܐ ܗܝ ܕܡܛܠܬܗ ܐܫܬܥܒܕܬ ‎ο‏ ܩܘܐ .. ‎τὸ LAS‏ ܕܠܓܡܪ
ܬܫܬܠܚܡ ̇. ܠܐ ܕܝܢ ‎Sslokal‏ ܒܬܐ ܡܬܚܒܬܠܢܘܬܐ ܘܒܬ ܫܥ ‎δὲ Ja‏ ܕܗܿܢܘܢ

‎LE ον. — 2, EK ‏.ܡܫܬܘܝܢ‎ 3, ΓΚ om. — 5, K ἐν ον Τ' sing., E ins ja: — 6, E ‏ܕܫܠܡܒܬ‎
‎7. E mel. — ἃ. Τὸ ‏.ܬܫܬܘܼܦ‎

‎the beginning : and it will have continuance without corruptibility when
we are admitted to the resurrection and the kingdom of heaven : for tlie most
wise Paul himself also cries, « Creation itself also shall be freed. from the

‎bondage of corruption, into the freedom of the glory of the children of

‎God » *.
CAnd. after other things).

‎But, iiy. good friend, neither indeed did God make the world in order
that it might. be corrupted, for 'salutary are the creations of the world’,
as you have heard; but, since it is of a νοῦν fluid nature, he on tlie
contrary brought it into being in order thal it might partake of incor-
ruption; for indeed ‘even creation itself shall be freed from the bondage
of corruption 11110 the freedom of the glory. of the children of God’. For
what logic is dt, tell me, hat ratioual man who sinned of^liis own accord
should according to vour argument be raised {ο incorruption, while creation
which is inanimate and without perception, which for his sake was made
subject to vanity, should he delivered to final destruction, and not partake
of the incorruptibility and the glory of those for whose sake it was made

‎1. Rom , viir, 21.

‎*od 6 2

‎× 9 rh.
