‎XXVII. — TO JOIIN, THEODORE, AND JOHN. 257‏ ]85[
ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܕܬܪܥܝܬܐ ܠܗܕܐ ܐܡܿܪ. ܐܠܐ ܕܬܐܠܦ ܕܒܨܒܝܢܐ ܕܡܫܝܚܐ ܟܠ ܡܕܡ ܡܬܕܒܪ
‎-,/οοι‏ ܘܠܘ ܬܘܐܨܐ ܕܗ̇ܝ ‎AR)‏ ܗܕܐ. ‎wel‏ ܕܝܢ ܘܥܠ ܐܝܢܐ ܣܒܪܐ. ܡܛܠ ܕܐܦ
‎ωοι‏ ܒܪܝܬܐ ܬܬܚܪܪ. ܡܢܐ' ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܗ̇ܝ ܕܐܦ ܗܼܝ܂. ܕܠܘ ܐܢܬ ܐܠܐ ‎"uoo‏ ܘܗܺ̇ܝ ܕܛܒ
ܒܨܝܪܐ ܡܢܟ : ‎y Slokal Jsoto JS So [. 3524.5 folasse Jl» SO‏ ܒܛ̈ܒ̈ܬܐ.
‎TUM I!‏ ܓܝܪ ܐܡܪ ܡܢ ‎Jis Joss‏ ܗܢܘ ܕܝܢ ܠܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܬܗܘܐ ‎SA]‏
‏ܡܬܚܒܠܢܝܬܐ. ‎J|‏ ° ܬܩܦ ܠܝܫܝܘܦܪܐ° ܕܦܓܝܪܐ ܕܝܠܝܟ. ܐܝܝܟܝܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܟܕ ܗܘܐ
ܡܬܚܒܠܢܐ: ܗܘܬ ܐܦ ‎"ue‏ ܕܐܝܟ ܗܕܐ ‎s‏ ܗܟܢܐ ܟܕ ܠܐ ܡܬܚܒܠܢܐ ‎Role‏ ܘܐܦ
‎oo‏ ܬܘܒ ܬܩܦ. ܗ̇ܝ ܗܟܝܠ ܕܟܕ ܡܫܘܕܥ ‎60s‏ ܐܘܣܦ. ܒܚܙ̈ܘܪܐ ܕܬܫܒܘܚܬܐ ܕܒܢ̈ܘܗܝ
ܕܐܠܙܘܐ܀7 ܐܐ ‎cts‏ ܕܐܟܣܢܝܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܘܒܪܒܪܝܐ ܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ ܠܟܬܒܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ: ܘܠܐ
ܡܥܝܕܐ ܒܝܘ̈ܠܦܢܘܗܝ ܕܙܘܢܐ.. ‎Lois‏ ܕܚܒܠܐ ܡ̇ܣܒܪ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎Jai‏ ܘܚܬܛܝܬܐ ̇
ܕܝܠܗ ܩܪܐ ܠܥܠܡܐ. ܠܗ̇ܘ ܡܿܢ ܕܟܝܢܗ ܡܬܐܫܕܢܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ: ܒܬܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܠܐ
ܡܬܚ ܒܠܢܘ ܬܐ ܡ ܟܪ ܥܡ ܒܪܢܫܐ. ‎S] où‏ ܡܛܠܬܗ ܗܘܐ ܠܘ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܟ ܚܛܝܬܐ
ܕܐܠܗܐ ܠܥܒܕܘܬܐ ܕܡܛܠ ܒܪܢܫܐ ܘܕܥܠܡܐ ‎M‏ ܡܫܝܚܐ܆. ܕܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ ܚܠܦ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ

‎1. Ποιο begins an exlraet in P 32 v° and K 57 1*, headed ; So 382. — 2, ‏.ܘܗܝ ܐ[‎ — 3. E ‏ܐܘܠܫܘܦܪܐ‎ --
4. E. wo — 5. Here the extracls in l and K end.

‎thing was brought about hy the will of Christ, and the one is not à reforma-
tion of the other. But he stated also ii what hope. * Beeause creation
itself also shall be freed'..— What is ‘itself also"? That not you, but it
also, even a thing tlial. is far inferior to you, and that does not partake of
reason and perception, this also shall partake with. vou in the good things.
For it ‘shall be delivered, he says, ‘from the bondage of corruption”;
that is, it shall be no longer corruptible; but it shall follow the beauty
of your body. For, as, when it became corruptible, creation also became
the same, so, when it is reudered incorruptible, ereation. also as well shall
again follow; to denote which mdeed he added, ‘into the freedom of the
glory of the children of God ` »".

‎But, inasmueh as the Alexandrine is a stranger and ἃ barbarian to
the divine Scripture, and is not aveustomed. to. the leachings of (59
Seripture, he thinks that God is ἃ creator of corruption, and he calls the
world his sm; a thing that is of fluid nature, but is honoured by the
grace of incorruptibility together with man for whose sake also it was
made. 1] was not as a sin of God that Christ reformed the world's sub-
jection also that was for man's sake, that he might bring in one set of

‎1. In Ep. ad Rom, Hom. xv, 16-19 (ed. Field,.

‎^ E ir h.
