‎XNV. — TO TUE EMESENES. 223‏ ]51[
ܕܡܐܠ ܚܟܡܬܐܼ ܬܬܚܕܦܫܒ. ܟܕ ‎Los Ns.‏ ܕܢ ‎EAM‏ ܐܢܫ ‎km o où‏
‎fran,‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ܀ ‎có‏ ܕܝܢ ‎jaa) Lon‏ ܢܛܥܝܪ.. ܡܥ݀ܠܐ ‎o‏ ܘܠܩܕܡܝܘܗܝ
ܡܩܪܒ ܠܗ. ܘܠܝܘܠܦܢܐ ܕܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܡܥܕܪ̈ܢ ‎puise‏ ܡܿܚܦܛ ‎e‏ ܘܐܡܿܪ. ܗܒ
ܠܒܟ ܠܚܟܡܬܐ. ‎χα‏ ܕܝܢ܂ ܛܝܒ ‎JS‏ ܕܡܪܓܫܢܘܬܐ. ‎ης‏ ܐܢܐ ‎αν ο‏
ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܟܕ ܠܐ ܝܕܥ ܡܫܘܚܬܐ ‎oi‏ ܐܚܐ ‎«οσο où‏ ܒܚܚܘܣܢܐ ܓܝܪ ‎ου‏
‏ܢܦܫܗ ܬܩ ܐܢܐ ܡܢ ܫܡܗ.. ܥܡ ܗܺܝ ܕܥܘܩܕܡ ܠܐ ‎wes‏ ܗܥܠܝܢ ܕܡܛܥܬܗܝܢ
ܡܡܠܠ ܗܘܐ ܆. ܠܛܟܣܐ ܗܢܐ ܢܡܘܣܫܐ ܘܡܘܐܪܢܐ ‎Na‏ ܘܟܕ ܙܕܩ݀ ܗܘܐ ‎o‏ ܕܠܐܝܠܝܢ
ܕܚܟܝܡܝܢ ‎με His ose‏ ܕܡܪܓܥܢܘܬܐ܂. ‎Jona es‏ ܓܙܡ ܗܘܐ ܂. ܕܠܠܐ ܝܕܥܬܐ
‎ο» M δι‏ ܠܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܢܘܒܠ. ܒܕܡܘܬ ° ‎as)‏ ܩܪܒܬܢܐ ‎Jo‏
‏ܡܙܕܟܝܢܐ܆. ܕܠܟܠܗܘܢ ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܦܓܥܝܢ ܒܗ ܡܨܐ ܕܢܟܒܘܦ܆. ܘܫܒ̈ܝܝܐ ܢܝܬܐ. ܘܢܙܒܝܢ
ܐܝܟܐ ܕܨܒܐ . ܠܚܟܡܬܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܕܝܠܟܘܢ ܕܒܡܪܝܐ: ܥܕܬܢܝܬܐ ‎Rs pes‏ ܛܒ:
ܘܢܓܝܪܘܬ ܪܘܚܟܘܢ ܕܦܐܝܐ ܠܟܪ̈ܣܛܝܢܐ. ‎Λου‏ ܘܒܦܣܩܐ ܕܩܘ̈ܠܣܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ
‎ANS‏ ܕܐܝܟ ܛܘܦܣܐ ܫܠܝܚܝܐ.. ܐܝܟ ܕܠܗܕܡܐ ܘܐܚܐ ܕܝܠܟܘܢ ܘܩܒܝܠܬܘܢܝܗܝ

‎1. Ms. ‏ܘܡܕܟܬܬ‎ .

‎of Proverbs somewhere said : «Το the fool who asketh wisdom shall be
reckoned : but, when a man maketh himself silent, he is thought to be wise» '.
jut the man who keeps this rule it raises and advances, and incites to learn
Unugs that are of use and profit, and it says, « Give thine heart to wisdon,
and prepare thine cars for words of understanding »?. 1 am surprised
therefore that the brother whom you mention (out of tenderness for his soul 1
do not mention his name) did not know his own measure, and, besides not
knowing originally the subject on which he was talking, neglected this
legallyestablished and salutary rule; and, when he ought to have bent a
ear of understanding to those who are wiser than he is, he on the contrary
threatened. to take the ignorance that is in him to the city of Alexandria,
like an invincible warrior, who is able to overeome and take captive all that
meet him, and sell them where he likes. — T lierefore ] have both aecepted your
wisdom in the Lord, which is worthy of the church and very honourable,
aud your patience, which is such as belits Christians, and lave crowned
them also with a deeree of many praises, since in accordance with the
apostolie model you both received and admonished him as your membor
and brother?, and brought forward the teachings of the holy fathers. And,

‎1. Prov., xvii, 28. — 2. Id., xx, © — 3. IE Th., τα, 15.

‎* 65 vb.
