* 1, 4 17 1

* (i156 v? a.

202 LETTERS οι SEVERUS. 130]

‎Jas s) ασ)‏ ܬܪܥܝܬܗܘܢ: ܘܢܩܝܛܪܓܘܢ ‎y‏ ܗ݀ܘ ܕܡܘ ܙܓ ܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܚܒ ܘܟ .ܐ
‎οἱ δα» οἱ‏ ܗܓܓܘܬܐ ‎ο...‏ ܥܠ ܡܬܒ ܪܙ .ܬܬ ܘܬܐ ܬ ܗܝ ܬܐ ‎Jo‏
‎JAN SS SR Se‏ - ܟܕ ‎L'or + Les “μας‏ ܕܐܡܝܪܐ ܠܟܘܢ ܕܠܐ ܬܚ ܘܡܐ ..
ܒܬܚܘܡܐ܂ ‎Lsiaaso‏ ܡܕܡ ܢܓܠܐ. ‎eel‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܓܝܪ ܥܠ ;ܐܐ ܕܡ .ܝ ܐ..
ܕܠܐ ܝܕܥܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܫܘܚܠܦܐ ‎μὰ‏ ܘܠܐ ‎Jos κ)‏ ܟܕ ‎5a.»‏ ܢܘܚ ܠܦܐ
ܡܬܗܘܢܢܥܢܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܘܦܘܠܓܐ. ܡܝܢ ‎Lio‏ ܘܐܝܟ ܕܒܩܢܘܙ ܐ ‎vo SN‏
ܦܣܝܼܩܬܘܢ .° ܐܡܬܝ ܗܟܝܠ ‎Lis [κο‏ ܡܢ ܐ ܡܠܝܬܐ : ܘܡܬܐܝܕܥܢܐ ܡܢ
ܡܬܐ ‎Jas‏ ܘܥܒܚܕܐ ܡܢ ܐܐ ‎Je‏ ܕܢܦܣܘܩ ܘܢ]ܦܪܝ ܒ̈ܥܝܢܢ.. ܥܡ ‎[ESS‏
‎τ Son‏ ܘܦܣܩܐ܂ ܘܦܘܠܓܐ ‏ ܥܒܕܝܢܢ. ܗܠܝܢ 3 ܫܦܝܪܐܝܬ ܘܚܟܝܡܙܐܝܬ ‎yb‏
‏ܕܡܡܫܟܚܝܐ ܐܬܐܡܪ ܡܬܟܘܢ. ܕܐܡܬܝ ܕܡܠܝܬܐ ܘܠܐ ܡܠܝܠܐ: ‎οἱ‏ ܟܝܬܐ ܡܬܐ ܪܓ ‎Lis.‏
‏ܘܡܬܝܕܥܢܐ: ‎ass Jo Jr 2 οἱ‏ ܟܠ ° ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ‎ΟΜΣΟ‏ ܘܠܗ ‎Maso‏
‏ܘܒܩܢܘܡܐ ܕܝܠܗ ° ܡܬܚܙܐ: ܗ݀ܝ ܕܐܝܬܝܗܿ ‎FAQs‏ ܘܡܦܠܓܐܝܬܐ ܘܡܦ݀ܝܝܐ ܝܬ
ܡܩܫܝܡ: ‎bia‏ ^ ܥܡ ܫܘܚܠܦܐ ܡܬܗܘܢܢ ܘܦܘܠܓܐ: ‎wolo‏ ܡܢ ‎NY Y‏ ܘ ܐ

‎1. Ms. ‏.ܐܡܐ‎ — 9, 1n lhicker irregular leltevs afler à blank space, — 3. Mere begins an extraet in 1
156r? b, headed : 80 ova? ‏ܗܝ ܕܐܝܬܘ‎ (sic) ‏ܣܝ̈ܐܡ : ܘܒܐܓܪܬ| ܕܠܘܬ ܐܠܣܘܙܝܘܣܙ‎ wo ‏ܟܕ‎ «ο — ᾖ. G
‏ܕܕܝܠܢܐܝܬ‎ ̈

‎us of things which are the opposite of their evil opinions, and to charge us
with holding some mixture or blending or confusion or phantasy in the
divine and ineffable Humanization, after common deliberation we have decided
to make elear by a limitation and distinetion what was stated by vou withoul
limitation. You say of tlie mystery of Christ that you do nol recognise the
dillerenee of the natures, nor vet their individualitv, since with "dillerenee'
you understand also ‘division’.  llenee also you clearly laid down the
following by way of a canon : « When therefore we seek to separate
and distinguish rational nature from irrational, and suprasensual from
perceptible, and created from uncreated, together with the difference
between these things we also make a separation and division ». These
statements have been made by vou as well and wisely as possible, that.
where there is rational and irrational, or pereeptible aud suprasensual, or
created and unereated, each of them remains by itself, and appears in its
own hypostasis, that is, has au individual and separate and distinct existence;
for here with difference is understood. also division, and again from the

‎difference of the qualities which naturally belong to each singly we recognise
