* 00 ¥ 3

ܐܝܬܝܪܘܿ܂. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܢܬܡܗ ܟܠ ܡܿܢ ܕܐܝܬ
ܠܗ ܡܪܓܫܢܘܬܐ ܟܝܢܝܬܐ. ܠܐ ܐܡܿܪ ܐܢܐ
ܪܘܚܬܫܬܐ : ܿ ܐܢ ܣܟ ܗܕܐ ܕܗܟܢܐ ܡܬܬܘܕܝܐ
‎Rosso . Ras 5‏ ܒܕ ܦܘܡܐ
‎"p‏ ܡܢ — ܕܗܝܡܢܘ ܚܠܝܡܐܝܬ܆.

ܒܗܽܘ ‎κ.‏ ܡܪܢ ܘܐܠܪܘܢ ‎sas‏ ܘܠܫܝܚܝܝܐ.

LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [5^,

ܘܦܫܟܝܪܘܬܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܢܬܕܡܪ ܟܠ ܕܐܝܬ
ܠܗ ܡܪܓܥܢܘܬܐ ܟܝܢܝܬܐ: ܠܐ ܐܡܪ ܐܢܐ
ܪܘܚܢܝܬܐ.. ܐܢ ‎ye où‏ ܗܕܐ ‎liso‏
‏ܐܬܬܘܕܝܬ܆. ܒܚܝܪܝܢܐ ‎Las 50. au‏
ܕܐܢܫܐ ‎lea‏ ܡܢ ‎v»‏ ܕܚܠܚܡܐܝܬ
ܗܝܡܢܘ ‎pe‏ ܡܝܪܢ ܘܐܠܗܢ ܘܦܦܪܘܩܢ

‎vas,‏ ܘܒܫ ܚܝܐ܀

‏ܙܪܩ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܓܝܪ ܐܠܘ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܡܕܪܫ 5 ‎μόδα,‏ ܐܠܗܝܐ܂. ܡܛܠ
ܕܥܟܠܗܝܢ ° ܐ̱ܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ ‎was)‏ ܕܠܚܕ̈ܡܐ ܕܓܝܪܝܝܓܪܝܣ ‎où‏ ܡܡܠ ܐܠܙܘ̈ܝܬܐ
‎mg‏ ܒܙܘܘܢܐ. ܕܒܝܐܓܪܬܐ ‎δι‏ ܪܒܝܬܐ ܕܠܘܬ ܩܠܝܕܘܢܙܫܣ: ܗܳܝ | ܬܘܗܝ 01.85 :
ܡܿܥܬܕܡܪ ‎μὲ‏ ܕܡܢܐ ܗܝ ‎Joke‏ ܦܣܩܐ ‎Not +. bot‏ ܢܗܝܪܐܝܬ ܡܬܚܡ ܒܪܘܿ܀ ܐܢ
ܐܢܫ 5367 ܕܐܬܬܤܚܡ ܠܗ ܗܟܐ ܒܣܪܐ: ‎Russo‏ ܡܢ ܦܓܪܐ ܐܝܬܝܪܗ ‎Jo‏
‏ܘܠܐ ܡܘܕܐ ‎ουν ο sans‏ ܘܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܘܐܬܐ . ܠܐ ‎ον Jus‏ ܕܡܐܬܝܬܗ. ܐ ܝܟܘ
ܓܝܪ ܦܓܪܐ ܗܟܐ ܇ ܐܠܐ ܥܡ ‎où‏ ܕܢܣܕܒܗ. ܠܝܘ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܟ ܦܛܛܝܘܪܘܬܐ ܕܡܬܫ̈ܢܝܐ

‎1. Ms. où.

‎everyone who has natural (I will not say, spiritual) intelligence must wonder
if a fact which is so universally admitted has ever been made à subject ol
contention, and has! passed the lips of anyone who has duly believed in our
one Lord and God land Saviour? Jesus Christ. Hf he were skilled in divine
doctrine, he should have (to omit everything else) considered the anathemas
of Gregory the Theologian, Who in the great letter to Cledomus which begins,
'1 wonder what this innovation is’, clearly lays down these principles in it,
« 11 anyone says that the flesh? was now laid down bv him, and the Godhead
is stripped of a body, and does not confess that he both is and will come with
the thing assumed itself, may he not see the glory of his coming. — For where
is the bodv now except with him who assumed it? For it has not been laid
up in the sun, as the silly tale of the Manichees goes, in order that he may be
honoured through the object of contempt, or dillused and «dissolved in the
air, like the nature of a voice and the waltiug of ἃ smell, and tlie course of
lightning that does not stand 01, Bat what becomes of the faet that he

‎was actually touched after the Resurrection, or that lie will again some time

‎1. gie. — 2. A. v. (CG) on. — 3, Sev. therefore did nol read ἁγίαν : see Migne, n. 40.
