[37] XIV. — TO THOMAS THE SYNCELLUS. 209

ܢܡܘ̈ܣܐ ܕܥ ܕܬܐ ܩܕܝܝܫܬܐ. ܒܗܠܝܢ ܓܝܪ ܕܐܬܝܕܦ ‎vo‏ ܕܟܝܘܪܗܢܐ܂. ܒܝܗܘܢ ܟܕ
ܒܗܘܢ ܒܥܩܪ̈ܐ ܕܕܡܿܚܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܣܚܘܬܐ ‎Ds‏ ܘܠܐ ܟܕ ܡܪܦܝܢܝܢ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܕܗܟܢܐ
‎EN‏ ܢܬܟܪܟ ‎y οἱ . Ra 0ο‏ ܕܒܩ̈ܢܝܐ ܢܒܥܪܿ܆. ܘܢܝܒܝܥܝܐ ܐܢ ܗܼܘ ܕܒܕܘܡ
ܒܡܟ̈ܬܒܢܘܬܐ ‎Ja Sls‏ ܩܕܝ̈ܫܐ ܕܐܪ̈ܬܘܕܟܣܘ ܕܠܝܝܐܐܝܬ܆. ‎οἱ‏ ܦܘܚܠܦܐ܆. ‎“5h οἱ‏
ܐܘ ܕܡܢ ܬܪܙ̈ܝܝܢ̇. ܠܐ ܡܦܪܫܐܝܬ ‎MN Jo‏ ܡܡܫܟܚܝܝܢܝܢ ‎Jil‏ ܗܐ ܓܝܪ ‎δι‏
‎xS Na‏ ܥܠ ‎x93 Lio‏ ܒܟܬܒܐ ܕܚܙܥܣܚܪ ‎JA σα‏ ܡܦܥܫܩܢܝܬܐ
ܕܐܘܢܓܠܝܘܢ ‎Kia)‏ ܐܡܪ ‎aS ao Lao‏ ܗܟܢܐ܀ ܢܩܦܐ ܓܝܪ ܘܟܘܝܐܝܬ ‎Hos‏
‎Na‏ ܘܡܢ ܟܒܠܦܪܘܣ. ܠܝܕܥܬܐ ‎“JS DST‏ ܘܗܝ ܕܡܛܠ ‎ue ol; où‏
‎NS 2o μα.‏ ܕܫܪܝܪܐ ‎δι el‏ ܕܠܩܘܒܐܐ. ‎NI‏ ܕܝܢ ‎Ji‏ ܡܠܬܐ ‎Jo‏ ܦܘܠܝܓܐ
ܡܬܩܟܐܐ: ܙܕܐܒܐܿ ܡܢ ܒܒܪܐ: ܒܪܐ ܕܝܢ ܬܘܒ ܒܐܒܐ: ܐܟܚܕܐ ‎Νο ο‏ ܘܐܟܚܝܕܐ

LO

— ‏ܥܒܝܕܐ܆. ܐܝܟ‎ μηδ ‏ܘܪܗܛܐ ܒܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ: ܝܕܥܬܐ ܕܟܠ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ‎ : KES
‏ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܫܡܐ ܘܣܘܥܪܢܐ‎ oot ‏ܕܗܼܘ ܟܕ‎ Cs] ‏ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܐ ܐܢܫ‎ fs ‏ܪܝܥܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ‎
‏ܐܡ̣ܠܪܼܘ܀‎ M o9 ΨΥ ‏ܡܿܢ‎ SOS ‏ܗܟܝܠ ܕܗܼܢܘܢ‎ ! anu] . ‏ܠܦܣܩܐ ܘܠܚ ܕܝ ܘܬܐ‎

1. Ms, htl.

with the laws of the holy church. For let the means of remedy be intro-
dueed by the same similar drugs as those by which it was desired to pro-
duce the sickness; and let us not neglect things that are so manifest, and
go about and pick out, or search as among reeds, and seek il anywhere in
the writings of the holy fathers of the orthodox' we occasionally find *dille-
rence” or ‘in two or ‘from two’ indiseriminately and incautiously stated.
Indeed in the LE" book of the interpretative narrative of the Gospel of John
the holy Cyril used the expression ‘in two’ of the separate hvpostases as
follows : « Everywhere and under all cireumstances there will follow and
eoincide with the knowledge concerning the offspring the knowledge also
concerning him who begot him; as indeed the converse also is true, But,
if the statement 15 true and is unhesitatingly received, that the Father is
understood together with and enters together with the Son, and the Son
also with the Father, and the knowledge of each of them runs in the two,
how can ihe Son be a creature, as some impious men sav? »?; oven as
no one says that the name and fact of division and union are tlie same,
as they themselves indeed suppressed the one and stated the other.

l. ὀρθάδηξοι, — 2. 1n Jo. Ev., ed. Pusey. 111, p. 13, 11.

* jor? b.
