* 68 vb.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [64]‏ 236
ܡܚܫ ܐܠܗܘܬܐ܂ )#5 ܟܕ ܠܟܝܢܐ ‎louis‏ . ܚܠܦ ܐܘܣܝܐ ‎Jus‏
‏ܝܝܚ ‎sos‏
‏ܟܕ ‎yn RSS‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܡܬܟܬܐ ܘܐܬ ! ܠܘܩܒܠ ܐܠܗܐ: ‎où‏ ܢܣܛܛܘܪܝܣ
‎«le‏ ܕܗܠܚܝܢ ‎ES boss o Ra Άν νο oa‏ ܥܠ ‎JN)‏
‎Jus! :flasss, sos μμ‏ ܕܩܕܡܡܬܐ ‎τὸ‏ ܘܐܡܪܝܢ ܕܒܪ ܐܢܥܐ ‎rs‏ ܥܡ
‎ο σον‏ ܐܡܪܝܢ ܥܠ ܢܦܦܗܘܢ.. ܕܠܐ ‎JA Qs‏ ܢܛܝܪܝܢ ‎a5 lese‏
ܕܬܠܬܐܝ̈ܗܘܢ ܩܢܘ̈ܡܐ܆. ܒܗܝ ܕܠܐ ‎gras‏ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎paul) sJAS‏ ܩܢܘܡܐܝܬ
ܠܒܣܪܐ ‎Lots‏ ܠܗ ܢܦܐ ܝܕܘܥܬܢܝܬܐ.. ܘܡܘܙܓܐ ܐܡܪܝܢ ܠܗ ‎Janus‏ ܙܘܺܝ
ܕܗܟܢܐ ‎GA]‏ ܠܥܠ ܡܢ ܟܝܢܐ ܘܠܐ ܡܫܬܓܢܝܢܝܬܐ ܘܬܗܝܪܬܐ. ‎Los‏ ܘܕܘܪܬܘܣ
ܕܐܦܣܩܦܐ̇ ܕܡܪܩܝܢܦܘܠܝܣ ‎Oeo ..Joot‏ ܟܕ ܡܗ ܕܟܢܝܫܘܬܐ ܘܣܝܥܬܐ ܝܗܘܕܝܬܐ
ܐܝܬܐܘܗܝ ‎Joot‏ + ܠܘܬܗ ܕܝܠܗ ܕܡܪܩܝܢܘܣ: ܒܗ ܒܫܘܪܝܐ ܕܡܠܟܘܬܗ ܒܥܘܬܐܼ ܩܬܪܒ..
ܘܡܨܚܐ ܗܘܐ ‎Ja ens], en en dcn aS.‏ ܘܠܬܪܥܝܬܐ ܚܠܝܡܬܐܼ ܕܥܕ̈ܬܐ ܩܕܝܫ̈ܬܐ.
ܘܘܟܙ ܐ ]2+ ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܒܬܪ̈ܥܝܬܗܘܢ ‎Lama,» Lo oh‏ ܗܢܘ ܕܝܢ

‎1. Ms. sing, — 2. Ms. oni. 5.

‎The Theopaschite says :* The flesh passing into the nature of tlie Godliead
instead. of the essence! of flesh <

‎While very vainly putting together such reasons against the right eon-
fession of the llumanization, as | said before, reasons which contend
against God, and saying that a man should be worshipped with the "Trinity,
Nestorius and those who think with him state of themselves that they
preserve tho unity of nature of the three hypostases unmixed, in that they
do not eonfess that God the Word was livpostatieally united to flesh pos-
sessing an intelligent soul, aud call the union that is 80 lar above nature
and immutable and wonderful mingling. — Whierefore also Dorothens, who
became bishop of Mareianopolis*, and belonged to the same Jewish com-
pany and party, presented a petition to Marcian's own self at the very
beginning of his reign, and lound fault with the position" held by the
bishops, and the sound opinion of the holr churches; and he speaks
thus : « Therefore, merciful kings, in consideration of their so ridiculous,
that is lamentable, opinions, reuew the lirm maintenance of the con-
naturality while it is possible, while there is time, by recalling Nestorius
from exile?, and join together tlie people of Christ who are divided, lest,

‎τι. οὐσία. — 3, Nob otherwise known, — 3. Zach. 0 i, 1: ¥ OS VAT, 83 L; C. D. M. p. 593, 927,
96, 967; Le Quien, I, 1218, — "t, κατάστασις, — 5. ἐξορία.
