‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. .00]‏ 232
ܕܠܘܩܒܠ ܓܘ̈ܕܦܘܗܝ ܕܢܣܛܘܪܝܣ ܡܠܦ ܙܗܝܪܐܝܬ. ܕܢܤܣܫܒܘܬܗ ܕܒܣܪܐ.. ܠܐ
ܢܝܝܬ ܠܐܠܗܘܬܗ ܕܡܠܬܐ. ‎JI]‏ ܕܩܘܝ ܡܠܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܒܟܝܢܐ ‎ss‏ ܘܠܒܪ ܡܢ
‎Jos‏ ܡܶܝܢ. ܒܟܢܝܚܢܘܬܐ ܕܝܝܢ ܠܐ ܡܫܬܔܢܝܢܚܬܐ ܕܠܘܬ ‎ωρα... μας‏ ܘܠܥܠ
ܡܝܢ ܘܟܠ ܡܠܬܐ ܘܗܘܢܐ .+ ܐܬ ܕܒܝ̣ܪܬ ‎μόν‏ ܕܢܫܬܡܠܐ ܬܡܝܗܐܝܬ ܚܕ ܡܫܝܝܝܐ. ‎wel‏
‎AS‏ ܗܟܢܐ܀ ܡܕܝܢ ܐܘܕܐ ܚܕ ܟܕ ܐܐ ܡܦܠܓ ܐܢܬ ܟܝ̈ܢܐ. ܥܡ ܘܺܝ ‎we?‏ ܐܢܬ
ܘܡܣܬܟܠ ‎ΟΜ]‏ ܕܕܒܣܪܐ ܡܝܢ ܡܠܝܬܐ ܗܝ ܐܚܪܬܐ:܇. ܘܕܐܠܗܘܬܐ ܕܚܢ ܗܝ ܕܠܗ̇
ܒܠܚ ܘܕܝܗܿ ܦܐܝܐ. ܐܐ ܓܝܪ ‎ol‏ ܕܐܠܗܘܬܐ ܗܼܘܐ ܒܣܪܗ ܕܡܠܬܐ. ‎Los‏ ܕܝܢ
ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ܂ ܐܝܟ ܕܝܠܗ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܓܝܪ ‎onec)‏ ܕܒܪܢܫܐ ܕܝܠܗ ܡܬܐܡܪܢ. ܡܝ̱ܢܘ ܕܠܐ

‏ܘܠܐ ܬܘܒ ܕܐܠܗܝܐ ܢܐܡܪܝܘܗܝ ° ‎οὐ»‏ ܕܡܠܬܐ܀ ܘܬܘܒ ܒܬܪ ܐܚܪܕ̈ܢܝܬܐ܀ ‎οὐ,‏ ܗܘܐ ‎“δ.‏

‏ܗܟܝܠ - ܕܐܠܘ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܣܟ ܐܢܫ ܚܟܝܡܐ ‎sen Loge‏ ܕܦܓܝܪܐ ܡܿܢ ܢܐܡܪ
ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ܂ ܡܢ ܐܢܬܬܐ. ܢܘܕܐ ܕܝܢ ܥܡ ܗܕܐ.. ܕܟܕ ܒܚܝܕܝܘܬܐ ܩܢܘܡܝܬܐ }51 ܥܡ
ܡܠܬܐ.. ܚܕ ‎reo {νο‏ ܒܪܐ ܘܚܕ ‎Liso‏ ܫܡܠܝ. ܕܗܼܘ ܟܕ ܗܼܘ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܐܠܗܐ
ܘܒܪ ‎daa]‏ ܗܺܝ ܗܟܝܠ ܕܐܡܝܪܐ ܠܐܒܐ ‎or‏ ܒܚܝܪܐ ܘܛܒ ‎JR‏ ܗܺܝ ܕܚܕ ܓܝܪ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ܆. ܘܠܘ ܣܛܪ ܡܢ ܒܣܪܐ. ‎oóo‏ ܕܒܟܝܢܐ ‎RAM oc‏ ܡܢ ܒܥܩܪܐ ܘܕܡܐ

‎against the blasphemies of Nestorins he clearly teaches that the assumption
ol flesh did not pass into the Godhead of the Word, but that the Word of
God remained in his own nature, and apart from flesh, but by the immutable
combination with flesh it was wisely and beyond all reason and understanding
brought about that one Christ should be marvellously made up; for he
speaks thus : « Accordingly confess one, not dividing the natures, while
vou know aud understand that to llesh belongs one principle, and to Godhead
that which befits it ouly. For we do not say that the flesh of the Word
became Godhead, but rather that it is divine as being his. For, as the
llesh of à mau is called his, on what ground is it not right for us also to
eall that of the Word divine? » And again farther on : € If therefore he
were a wise and intelligent man at all, he should say that the body is from
a woman, but confess besides that by being combined in hypostatie union with
the Word it has made up one Christ and one Son, and onc Lord, who being
the same is God and man »'.. The expressions therefore that are used by
this genuine and very accurate father, * for he is one, and not without flesh ‏ܨ‎

‎and, * he who in his own nature is apart from flesh aud blood”, demonstrate

‎1. Δαν. Nest,, 11, 8, 13 ed. Pusey, VI, p. (20, 130,
