‎[o1] ΧΧΧ. — TO VICTOR. 203‏
ܡܝܬ ‎passe‏ ܚܠܦܝܢ. ܐܢ ܕܝܢ ‎có‏ ܕܩܡ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܦܓܪܐ.. ‎fur‏ ܕܠܐ ܚܫܘܢܐ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ܂ ܘܠܐ ܡܝܘܬܐ. ܐܸܢ ܓܚܪ ܠܘ ܠܘܬ ‎où‏ ܕܡܫܬܡܿܟܐܐܼ ܪܐ ܙܢܐܝܬܐ ܚܝܪܝܢܢ: ܐܠܐ ܠܘܐ
‎NM Wo. où‏ ܥܫ̈ܢܐ ܢ̈ܓܘܢܝܬܐ: ܘܟܕ ‎«Ἐπ‏ ܠܗ ܕܡܬܩܨܨܐ: ‎J‏ ܡܘܕܝܢܢ ܠܗ
‎!J elr‏ ܡܫܘܬܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ܂. ܙܒܢܐ ܗܘ ܠܢ ܠܡܐܡܪ. ܕܐܦܠܐ ܦܓܪܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ.
ܐܦ ܓܚܪ ܠܚܡܐ ܗܘܐ ‎où‏ ܕܡܬܚܬܐ. ܒܙܘܳܝ ‎Jla.nionet‏ ܗܟܝܠ ‎KI mo,‏
ܠܗ ܘܡ ܗܝܡ ܢܝܢܝܢ .. ܕܦܝܓܝܪܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎Lei wem où‏ ܠܐ
‎Ν αν‏ ܠܦܢܐܝܬ: ‎Lise‏ ܚܫ ܘܩܝܼܡ.. ‎GS‏ ܟܕ ‎ds‏ ܒܪܗܘܝܡܢܘܬܐ ‎Ike so‏
ܘܡܘܕܝܥܝܢ܇. ‎Jlasss !J sis‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܘܠܐ ‎Jo Jlasas…. J| «No Haas‏
ܡܝܘܬܘܬܐ ܡܿܫܟܝܢ. ‎OÙ‏ ܓܝܪ )2.33 ‎pe‏ | ܘܐܬܦܬܬ: ܡܛܠ )19 ‎loot Lpe‏
‎aoa lan] Lolo‏ 065 ܟܕ ‎ds‏ ܒܡܪܚܡܢܘܬܐ ܘܒܩ ܘܕܠܚܡܐ ‎“Ju‏
‏ܗ̇ܘ ܕܡܝܢ ܟܕܘ | ‎δ cs‏ ܦܓܪܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ. ܘܗܢܐ ܠܣ̈ܓܝܐܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܠܫܘܪܪܐ ܕܐܝܠܝܢ
ܕܡܫ̈ܬܡܠܝܝܢ.ْ ܐ
ܒܕܡܐ ‎pes‏ ].. ܘܠܘ ‎jam où Lau‏ ܥܠ ‎t Laspo‏

‏ܘܒܗܝܢ ܒܡ̈ܝܢܝܗܘܢ ‎Je‏ ܐܬܚܙܝ,. ‎ο Jimso‏ ܕܦܝܠ

‎1. Ms. ‏ܝܩܒ‎ — 3, Added in marg. — 3. Ms. 9,9

‎fact transmuted, that is of liim who voluntarily died and rose for our sakes.
But, if it is the body of him who rose, it is plain that it is impassible and
immortal, — If we do not look at the bread that is mystieally transmuted, but
at that whieh comes under the eyes of the senses, aud, seeiug it broken, do
nol eonfess it to be indeed immortal, it is time for us to say that neither
is it God's body : for what is seen is indeed bread. By tlie. faith therefore
by which we understand and believe it to be the body of God who became
incarnale without variation for our sakes, and voluntarily sullered and rose,
bv the same faith we underslayd and confess that it 15 also immortal aud
impassible, and bestows impassibility and iminortality on us. For he who
allowed it {ο be cut and divided, because indeed it was otherwise impossible
for us to partake of it, in the same mercilulness also allows God's body
which has been already transmuted to appear as bread. And for ἃ
confirmation of the transmulation that is accomplished this has been seen by
many even with the eyes of their senses themselves, and they have seen
bloodstained flesh being broken, not tlie bread that is laid upon the altar.

‎* 771? 0.
