± 66 v^ b.

330 LETTERS OI SEVERUS. 158]

‎JI‏ ܡܚܠܛܛܬܐ ܕܡܬܒܣܪܢܘܬܐ: ܘܪܘܟܒܐ ܕܡܝܢ ‎Jlasslo flo xb.‏ . ܥܡܢܘܐܝܠ
ܢܫܬܡܠܐ. ‎[senio pem)‏ ܡܪܟܒ ܠܐ ܡܬܡܠܠܢܐܝܬ'. ܠܘ ‎δ‏ ܐܠܐ܂ ܡܪܟܒܐ
ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܢܦܢܗ ܕܒܪ ‎cé Qu)‏ ܕܒܟܝܢܐ ܕܠܐ ܓܫܘܡ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܘܡܠܝܠܬܐ :. ܕܒܦܓܪܐ
ܟܝܢܐܝܬ ܡܥܪܙܠܐ:. ܡܩܘܝܐ ‎Q6‏ ܒܟܝܢܘ̇ ܡܬܝܕܥܢܐ ܘܕܠܐ ܓܢܘܡ. ܡܛܠ ܕܝܢ
ܪܘܟܒܐ ‎Jio la,‏ ܚܕܐ ܚܝܘܬܐ ‎Las) £i Jhssis‏ ܡܫܡܠܝܚܐ. ܡܕܝܢ
ܢܣܝܒܘܬܐ 29 ܕܦܓܪܐ܂. ܠܝܘ ܬܘܣܦܬܐ ܡܕܡ ܡܘܣܦܐ ܠܐܘܣܝܐ ‎NI Laos,‏
‎[Run sono‏ ܐܝܬܝܗܿ ‎βαλὼν‏ ܡܿܡܪܟܒܬܐ. 24 ܕܐܦ ܥܠ ܬܐܘܪܝܐ ܕܥܡܝܢܘܐܝܠ
ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܕܢܩܦܐ ܠܡܣܬܟܠܘ. ܠܘ ܓܝܪ ܠܝܡܘܠܝܐ ‎cé‏ ܕܢܗܘܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܐܠܗܐ
° ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎où Jim ο οσο‏ ܕܡܢܦܦ ܝܕܘܥܬܢܐܝܬ ‎«ens‏ ܡܠܬܐ . ܐܠܐ ‎eo‏
‏ܕܬܡܝܗܐܝܬ ‎aso Jo‏ ܫܢܐܝܬܐ ‎λον‏ ܚܕ ܩܢܘܡܐ ܡܢ ܬܪ̈ܬܝܢ̇. ‎[ου‏ ܐܡܪܝܢܢ
ܘܐܢܝܘܬܐ.. ܘܕܚܕ ‎os où fins‏ ܕܡܠܬܬܐ ܕܡܒܣܪ. ܘܕܚܕ ‎Jo js‏ ܒܕܡܘܬܢ ܓܝܪ
ܐܝܟ ܒܪܬ ‎oo‏ ܕܦܘܠܘܣ ‎Lis‏ ܐܫܬܘܬܦ ܡܠܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܒܕܡܐ 2:0 ‎.Je2‏
‏ܘܕܗܕܐ ܗܟܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܿܢ. ܬܘܒ ‎JL...» Jauso‏ ܩܘܪܝܠܘܣ ܒܝܐܓܪܬܐ ܕܠܘܬ ܘܠܪܝܢܐ
ܐܦܣܩܦܐ ܕܐܩܘܢܝܘܢ: ‎So)‏ ܗܠܝܢ܀ ܥܘ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎scel‏ ܟܕ ܐܬܩܪܒ
ܐܟܚܕܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܘܒܪ ܐܢܫܐ ܫܡܿܡܠܝܘ ܚܕ ܡܫܝܝܝܐ. ܐܠܐ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܡܢ ܟܕܘ ‎JS]‏ ܟܕ

‎1, 9C s erased,

‎and the manhood, Emmanuel should be made up, who in one hypostasis
is ineffalily composite; not simple, but composite : as the soul of à man like
us, which by nature is bodiless and rational, which is naturally intertwined
with the body, remains in its suprasensual and bodiless nature, but hy reason
of the composition with the body makes up one composite animal, man.
Accordingly tlie assumption of the body makes no addition to the essenee'
of the soul, but makes up the composite animal, as it is reasonable Lo
understand with regard to the theory? of finmanucel also. The Word did
not take the flesh intelligently possessed of a soul in order to complete his
being God, as we have said, butthat one hypostasis might be wonderfully and
iminutably made up out of two elements, the Godhead we mean and the
manhood, and the one incarnate nature of the Word himself, and one person :
[or the Word of God, according to tho saving of Paul the apostle, partook
of blood and flesh after our pattern?.— And that this is so the approved Cyril
further shows in the letter to Valerian. bishop of Icontum; who wrote as
follows : « For God and man did not come together, as They say, and inake np

‎|. οὐσία, — 2. θεωρία, — 3. 190 ir 14.
