*E70v°b.

* 7l) a.

256 LET''ERS OF SEVERUS. (841

μοι y ‏ܒܗ‎ xp ‏ܗܠܝܢ‎ μα. 15 | EN ‏ܐܒܕܢܐ ܕܠܓܡܪ %1,. ܘܐܦܠܐ‎

‎JI] —‏ ܗܽܘ ‎Lusy‏ ܘܒܝܕ ‎AH)‏ ܠܘܬ ܠܐ ܡܬܚܒܠܢܘܐ ܡܫܬܫܝܢ. ܐܟܙܢܐ

‏ܗܟܚܠ ‎oon‏ ܒܪܝܬܐ: ܗܢܘ ܕܝܢ ܟܠ ܡܕܡ ܒܝܚܕ ܗܝ ‎sols‏ ܐܝܟ ܗܠܝܢ° ‎M‏
‏ܐܝܟܢܐ ܗܘܟܝܠ ܕܐܦ ‎wadas‏ ܟܕ ܩܪܒ ܠܩܕܡܘܗܝ܂ ]39 ܒܪܡ ܕܝܢ ܕܫܥܬܐ܂. ܡܛܠ
ܫܘܥܒܕܐ ܕܝܠܗܿ ܡܡܠܠ. ܘܡܚܘܐ ܕܡܛܠ ‎PEL οο‏ ܗܕܐ ܗܘܬ. ܘܥܠܬܐ܂ ‎je‏
‏ܠܢ. ܡܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ,ܐ ܒܩܛܝܪܐ ‎ihe‏ ܕܡܛܠ ܐܚܪܢܐ ܗܠܚܝܢ ܣܕܒܠܝܬܐ.. ܘܠܐ
ܠܓܡܪ. ‎te el‏ ܡܛܥܬܝ ‎Ne δι oo‏ ܕܡܛܠܬܝ ܗܘܐ . ‎DE μαι!‏
‎ἢ} solo μα so‏ ܕܙܙܝܥ ܥܠ ܗܥܝܢ ܕܠܐ ‎«ολα ΠῚ «ο Lisa, Jo fsas‏
ܡܛܠ ܕܦܪܨܘܦܐ ܥܒܕ ‎à.‏ ܘܠܐ ܒܡܕܡ ܡܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܸܡܿܪܬ ܡܬܚܥܝܝ. ܐܠܐ ܒܡܠܬܐ
‎"Bl‏ ܡܢ ‎Rank [λαλοῦν ok‏ ܕܢܒܝܐܐ. ܐܝܕܐ ܕܝܢ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܗܘܬ. ܡܢܐ ܠܡ
ܐܶܡܪ ܐܢܬ. ܒܝܫ̈ܬܐ ܣܥܠܬ ‎RSS‏ ܘܡܬܚܒܬܝܢܝܬܐ ܗܼܘܬ. ‎ἢ}‏ ܘܠܐ ܡܕܡ
‎Jim‏ ܐܦ ‎JA aS aso. JI ^A‏ ܬܘܒ ܗܘܝܐ ܡܛܠܬܟ. ܗܕܐ ‎ως‏ ܐܝܬܝܪܗܿ ܗܘܝ
ܕܥܠ ܣܒܪܐ. ܐܡܬܝ ܕܝܢ ܕܐܡܰܪ ܕܠܘ ܒܕܒܝܢܗܿ ‎Aes Nl‏ ܠܘ ܕܢܚܘܐ ܕܡܪܬܐ

‎1. FK ‏ܕܝܢ‎ — 2. PK om. — 3, Here {he extracls in F and K end. — 4. Ms. om. stop. — 5. Ms. ‏ܣܟܠܝܢ‎
‎— 6. Ms. willi stop Tollowing. — 7. Ms, ‏ܡܢ‎

‎corruption, ljust indeed as by saying ‘like these things’ he pointed
lo creation Hsell, that is tho universe, just indeed as Paul also savs
farther on. However for the present he is speaking about its subjection
and showing why it was made of this Kind, and assigning us as the
reason. — What then? Was violence done to it in that it underwent
these things for another? — Not at all; for it was indeed made for me.
How then is a thing which was made for me injured when it undergoes
these things for my. reformation? But, to look at it in another way, we
ought not even to raise the question of justice aud injustice with respect
to things without life and perception. But Paul because he personilied ii
uses none of the arguments that | have stated, but by another method of
reasoniug sets himself superlluously to comfort the hearer. — Dut what
was it? ‘What say you? IL underwent evil things for you and has become
corruplible. — But it lost nothing; for il shall also become incorruptible
again through vou’ : for this is the meaning of *in hope”. Bat, when he
says, *lt was not made subject ol its own will”, he does not say this to
show that it is possessed. ol thought, but that yon may learn that every-

‎|. Gr, ὥσπερ οὖν xal ἡ χτίσις' ἅπερ ἅπαντα διὰ τοῦτο εἶπεν Lo, Chrys. διὰ τοῦ εἰπεῖν] ὡς ταῦτα παρεδήλωσεν.
