[77] XNAVIE — TO JOHN, THEODORE, AND JOTIN. 249

ܐܢܗܼܘ ܕܪܘܚܐ ܠܘ ܒܣܪܐ ܘܓܪܖ̈ܡܐܼܬ ܐܝܬ ܠܗܿܢ.] ܐܝܟ ܡܠܬܗ ܠܐ ܕܓܠܬܐ ‎Lier‏
‎ere‏ ܔܠܝܐܝܬ ܡܬܚܙܝܐ ܕܠܩܘܒܬܐ ‎Lio Lis‏ ܘܕܡ̈ܡܠܦܢܐ ܩܕܝ̈ܫܐ ‎«νι‏
‏ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܪܙܢܐܝܬ ‎JAN‏ ܕܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ‎τ aa NX‏ ܘܦܫܩܘ ܠܟܬܒ̈ܐ ‎munies‏ ܡܢ
ܐܠܗܐ܆. ܘܡܐܣܟܪ ‎LS‏ ܡܢ ‎OÙ‏ ܡܕܡ ܕܢܣܒܝܬܢ.. ܐܝܟ ܬܚܘܡܐ ‎μα,‏ ܘܐܝܬܘܗܝ
‎M4‏ ܚܪܡܐ ܐܦܢ ‎fenus κὰν‏

ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ܣܘܪܐ ܦܛܛܪܝܪܟܐ ‎ο νο ο‏ ܡܢ ܐܓܪܬܐ ܕܠܘܬ ‎Kia‏ ܘܬ ܕܘܪܐ ܘܝܘܚܝܢܝܢ܂
‎c5‏ ܐܠܗܐ ‎asso‏ ܘܪܝܫܕܝܪ̈ܬܐ!. ܕܐܬܟܬܒܬ ܠܘܬ ܩܘܕܝܠ ܝܩܫܐ ܕܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ܀

ܐܝܬ ܡܶܝܢ ܓܚܪ ܕܢܫܡܥ ܘܠܚܟܫ̈ܡܐ° ܕܠܒܪ ܕܐܸܡܪܝܢ܂.ْ ‎ET‏ ܕܠܐ ܢܚܛܐ ܡܕܡ
ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎Deua]‏ ܘܕܥܟܠ ܡܕܡ ‎ph‏ ܚܙܝܢܢ ‎κ‏ ܘܠܟܬܒܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ ‎pl,‏ ܡܛܠ
ܟܠ ܚܕ ܡܢ ‎ass‏ ܕܢܗܘܐ ‎Jioias‏ ܘܗܘܼܐ ܢܘܗܪܐ. ܘܚܕܙܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܠܢܘܗܪܐ ‎aan‏
‏ܘܬܘܒ ܙ ‎DS) Joou‏ ܘܗܼܘܐ. ܘܚ ܙ| ܐܠܗܐ ܕܫܦܚܪܿ. ܘܐܟܚܝܕܐ ܥܠ ܘܟܠܗܝܢ ‎3o] 52S, y‏
ܕܩܝܪܐ ܘܦܢܫ ܦܬܓܡܐ. ܕܚܙܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܟܠ 33 ܘܗܐ ܛܒ ܫܦܝܕܵ. ܗܠܝܢ ܗܟܝܠ

1, E ILoïs.io. — 2. E sing. — 3. K ο»:

according to Ihe nnerring saving of the μονὰς... Aecerdiugly it manifestly
appears that [ie preaches contrary to the prophets and apostles and holv
doctors of the church, who in revealiug fashion taught the words of faitli

and expounded the God-inspired. Scriptures, and. outside what we receive,

aecording to tle apostle's ordinauce'; and he is under anatliema, even if

we keep silence.

Of the holy Severus patriarch of. Antioch. from the. letter to John. and. Theo-
dore and John, the God-loving preskyters and archimandrites, which was written
ii ansier to the Godicils? of the Merandrine.

For we may licar wise men outside also saviug, « Not lo sin? at all,
and to do everything rightly is of God » '.. And we see the divine Scripture
also saving of each created thing, « Let there be light, and there was light:
and God saw the light that it was good »; and again, « Le! there he «o-
and-so and there was: and God saw that it was good »: and after everything
together so to speak which lie ealled forth and whieh answered, « God suw

1. Gal, t, 0. — 2. χωδικιλία, — 3. Throughout this passage Πρ translator seens Lo have misunder-
Sloud ἀμαρτεῖν ;, err' or * fail). — 4. I do not know the source of this. cation.

17 68 v^ a
k ou 6

ΤῈ ὑδν
