[45] NNIII. — TO JONATHAN, SAMUEL, AND JOLN. 217

ܘܠܢܫܪܦܐ ܕܟܠܗܘܢ ܐܐܪ̈ܬܕܘܟܣܘ݀. ܕܡܬܟܢܫܝܢ ‎CAL.‏
‎rings lines‏ ܘܒܥܕܼܬܐ ܕܚܢܝܪܬܐ ܕܢܟܡܢ܀

‎RN exl‏ ܕܙܠܘ ܬܠܬܕܘ ܠܟܠܗܘܢ ‎ses‏ ܟܕ ‎AIS‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܠܗܘܢ..

‏ܒܫܡ ܐܒܐ ܘܒܪܐ܂ ܘܪܘܚܐ ܩܕܝܢܐ. ܐܝܟ ‎Jools‏ ܐܝܬܝܪܘ ܬܠܫܬܝܘܬܐ ‎SN Sos‏
ܒܩܢܘ̈ܡܐ ܡܿܢ ܡܿܦܪܫܬܐ܂ ܘܠܐ ܒܠܝܠܬܐ”. ܠܐ ܡܦܪܫܬܐ ܕܝܢ ܒܚܕܐ ܐܘܣܝܐ
ܘܐܠܗܘܬܐ܆. ܘܡܠܟܟܘܬܐ ܘܬܫܒܘܝܚܬܐ ܘܡܬܘܡܫܘܬ 4 ܘܗܠܝܢ ‎Ma» Jus)‏

‏ܐܝܬ ܠܗ ‎[οὐ‏ ܚܕܐ ܓܝܪ ܩܢܘܡܐܝܬ ܐܝܬ ܠܗ ܠܐܒܐ܂ ܐܒܗܘܬܐ. ܘܗ݀ܝ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ

‎JI‏ ܝܠܝܕܐ. ܘܚܕܐ ܬܘܒ ܩܢܘܡܐܝܬ ‎Dh eoo lois [μι‏ ܡܢ ‎Jal‏ ܘܚܕܐ

‏ܬܘܒ ܠܪܘܚܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ.. ܗ݀ܝ ܕܠܐ ܐܬܝܠܕܼ.. ܐܐ ‎ass‏ ܕܠܐ' ‎books Lias‏ ܡܢ

‎Jal‏ ܒܝܕ ܗܠܝܢ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܬ ܠܘܟܠ ܚܕ ܚܡ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܠܐ ܒܠܝܠܘܬܐ ܕܦܪܨܘܦܐ. ܗܢܘ

‏,^( 19 + ܕܝܢ ܠܩܢ̈ܘܡܐ ܡܬܐ ܪܫܡܐ܂ ܘܡܬܐܝܕܥܐ. ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ ܟܠܗܝܢ.. ' ܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ
ܐܝܟ ‎Ah‏ ܕܓܘܐ. ‎eis‏ ܒܐܝܩܪܐ ܘܕܠܐ ܡܦܝ̈ܝܢ. ܘܕܡ̈ܚܘܝܢ ܕܒܚܕ ܐܠܗܐ ܗ݀ܝܡܢ

‎|. Ms. ‏ܘܐܡܒܐ‎ - 23. Marg. ‏ܕܡܦܪܫܐ ܟܠܘܠܘܡܐ ܘܠܐ‎ [Loose lao|» ‏ܡܬܦܪ̈ܫܐܼ‎ , — 3, Mz, ‏ܘܡܬܘ̱ܡܝܬܐ‎ --
^. In erasurc. 1

‎ON PILLARS, AND ALL TUE REST OV ΤΗ OoBTIODON ' WHO ASSEMBLED. IN THE

‎CHURCH OF TIE CITY OF ÂXBAR, AND IN THE CHURCH Or 111111(1) nNv wax.

‎For he said, « Go make diseiples of all nations, baptizing them in the 1538)
name of the Father and the Son, and the Holy Spirit »?; so that there is a
Holy Trinity, divided and distinct in hypostases, but not divided in one
essence? and Godhead, and kingship and glory and eternity and the other
attributes which God has by nature. For the Father has one thing hypo-
staticaliv, fatherhood, and the faet that he is unbegotten; and tlie Son again
has one thing hypostatically, Souship, and the fact that he was begotteu
by the Father; and the Holy Spirit again has one thing, the fact that he
was not beuotten, but proceeds eternally without beginning from the Father :
for iu virtue of these things distinctness of person belongs to each one of them.
that is, is marked out and defined for the hypostases, but all the other
attributes are, as | have said, common, equal in honour aud undivided, and
such as show that we for our part have believed in one God, and in one

‎l. ὀρθόδοξοι, — 2. Mallli., Xx ΠῚ, 19, — ‏.ܐ‎ οὐσία,
