‎XXV. — TO TIE EMESENES. 301‏ ]50[
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܐܠܪܘܐ ܗܼܘ ܡܠܬܐ .. ܒܕܡܘܬܐ ܕܝܠܢ ܐܫܬܘܬܦ ܒܕܡܐ ܘܒܒܣܪܐ.. ‎No‏
‏ܕܐܠܗܐ ܕܐܬܒܪܢܫ ܢܬܝܕܥ܂ ܘܕܒܣܪܐ ܕܝܠܝܢ ‎sms‏ ܘܠܗܢܐ ܕܝܠܗ ܥܒܕܗ. ܡܛܠ
ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܡܬܝܕܥ ܒܪܢܫܐ ‎ass quor‏ ܘܦܓܪܐ ‎ο‏ ܕܚܕ ° ܐܝܬܘܗܝ.. ܗܟܢܐ ܐܦ
‎"οι‏ ܚܕ ܡܬܬܘܕܐ ܕܐܝܝܬܘܗܝ ܒܪܐ ܘܡܪܝܐ. ܚܕ ܓܝܪ ܟܝܢܐ ܘܩܝܢܝܘܡܝܐ ‎Las,‏
‎folk‏ ܐܦܢ ܡܢ ܨܒܘ̈ܬܐ ܡܢ ܝܠܦܬܐ܆., ܘܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬ ܒܐ ܕܫܐ ܡܬܝܕܥ. ‎μοὶ‏
‏ܒܟܝܙܐ ܡܝܢ ܓܝܪ ܫܪܝܪܐܝܬ ܐܝܟ ܕܠܘܬ ܢܦܫܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܦܓܪܐ. ܐܠܐ ܕܝܠܗ̇ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ..
ܘܡܫܡܬܠܝ ܝܬܐ ‎das‏ ܕܩܢܥܘܡܗ ܕܚܕ ܒܪ ‎fes)‏ ܘܒܙܘܘܢܐ ܡܶܢ ܘܒܬ ܐܘܪܝܐ.. ܠܐ ܟܣܐ
ܫܘܚܠܦܐ ܕܗܠܚܝܢ ‎oo);‏ ܒܟܢܝܫܘܬܐ ‎c2‏ ܘܒܪܗܛܐ ܕܥܡ ‎[un‏ ܕܠܝܬ ܠܗ
‎Jaxa.ca S so‏ .- ܚܕܐ ܚܚܘܬܐ 55 ‎αἱ‏ ܡܫܡܬܐܼ. ܡܠܬܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܝܚܝܕܝܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ ..
ܠܘ ܟܕ ܢܣܕܼܒ ܒܪ ܐܢܫܐ ‎ana‏ ܒܪ ܐܢܫܐ. ܐܠܐ ܟܕ ܛܒ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܡܢ ܐܒܐ ܝܠܝܕܘܬܗ
‎Rs JI‏ ܢܝܬܐ ܟܕ ܒܚܕ ܪܘܚ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܘܒܪ ܐܘܣܝܐ ܕܝܠܗ ‎DE‏ ܠܗ ܒܪ
ܐܢܥܐ ‎Joo‏ ܒܿܪܢܫܐ. ܒ.ܕܓܘܢ ܚܕ ‎«2l Sr So‏ ܒܬܐܘܪܝܐ ܗܺܝ ‎y‏ ܡܠܬ] ‎“τω‏
‏ܒܟܝܢܐ ‎cool ose‏ ܦܓܪܐ ܕܝܠܗ. ܬܬܘܕܐ ܕܚܢ ܒܟܠ ° ‎yo)‏ ܕܠܘ ܕܠܐ ܢܦܫܐ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐܼ. ܐܠܐ ‎amas)‏ ܗܘܐ ‎[esas‏ ܝܕܘܥܬܢܝܬܐ܀ ܗܟܢܐ ‎«Sh fase Mo‏

‎one Christ; but, as 1 have already said, the Word, being God, partook of

‎blood aud flesh like us, in order that he may be known to be God who was
humanized, and who took our flesh, and made this his, because, as the mau
who was composed of soul aud body is known to be one, so also uow' he
is acknowledged to be one Son and Lord. For onc nature and hypostasis
of α man is acknowledged, thougli he is known to be made of diverse 1
heterogeneous elements : for the body is truly different in nature from the
soul; but it belongs to it, and with it makes up the hypostasis of the one
man. And in mental conception and in theory the difference of the things
that have been named is not obscure, but by combination and concurrence
that cannot be eut asunder one auimal, mau, is made up. The Word therefore,
the Only one of God, did not come forth as man by taking a man, but, though
his birth from the Father is ineflable, he became man by forming a nian? for
himself through the Holy Spirit whiclr is of one. essence with him.  Accord-
ingly he is known to be one, though in the theory which is according to
reason his own body is different in nature from himself. Let it therefore
be everywhere acknowledged that he was not without soul, but that he
was possessed of an intelligent soul » *.  Similarly also in the second volume *

‎1. Cyr, αὐτός, — 2, Cyr. 34 — 3. Ep. 50 1P. @§ LANVIL 5 — 9. τόμος.

‎* 67 τὰ,

‎* 67 τρ.
