* 0 0 va,

*E60vy*b

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. 180]‏ 252
ܕܡܛܠܬܗܘܢ ܐܫܬܠܕܒܕܬ ‎JUN‏ ܕܥܠܡܐ ‎NEZ‏ ܡܫܬܠܡ + ‎y‏ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ
ܕܟܬܝ̈ܒܬܐ ‎SN ? JN SIS.‏ ܗܝ. ܕܠܘ ܓܝܪ ‎οὐδὲ‏ ܕܠܐ ܢܗܘܘܢ 1 ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܠܓܡܪ
ܡܫܢܝܝܢ: ܐܣܛܘ̈ܟܣܐ ܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܡܫܡܠܝܢ ܠܒܪܝܬܐ| ܗܕܐ ܕܡܬܚܙܝܐ܆. ܕܡܫܬܚܠܦܝܢ
ܕܝܢ ܠܘܬ ‎Là‏ ܕܡܝܬܪܐ܂. ܡܤܗܕ ܡܢ ܦܘܠܘܣ ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪ. ܪܥܒܪ ܠܗ ܐܣܟܡܗ
ܕܥܠܡܐ܂ ܘܠܘ ܥܠܡܡܐ ‎Lo‏ ܡܕܣܗܝܕܼ ܕܝܢ ܐܦ ܦܛܛܪܪܘܣ ܟܕ ‎m RO‏
ܟܕ ܡܬܪܬܚܝܢ܂ ‎«oikas‏ ܐܣܛܘ̈ܟܣܐ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ‎pas‏ ܢܥܝܼܟܬܘܢ. ܠܫܡܝܐ ‎et‏
‎Je‏ ܘܠܐܪܥܐ ܚܕܬܐ ‎κ νι στ y‏ ܡܣܟܝܢ!'
ܘܩܕܡܘܗܝ ܡܛܠ ܫܡܝܐ ܡܙܡܪ ܕܘܝܕ. ܘܗܝ ܕܟܠ ܗܘܢ ܐܝܟ ܘܒ ܐܢܐ ܢܥܬܩܘܢ..
ܘܐܝܟ ܬܟܣܝܬܐ ‎qas caue κοΐ poil‏ ܕܢܩ̈ܦܢ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܟܕܬܒ ܘܡܝܡܠܠ
ܐܠܗ̈ܝܬܐ ܓܪܝܓܘܪܝܘܣ. ܒܡܐܡܪܐ ‎Koss‏ ܩܒܘܪܬܐ ܕܩܣܪܝܘܣ ‎coins]‏ ܗܟܢܐ܀ ܐܠܐ
ܠܡܢܐ ܙܥܪܐ ‎vas‏ ܡܛܠ ܣܒܪ̈ܐ. ܠܡܢܐ ܗܿܘܐ ܐܢܐ ܙܒܢܝܐ. ܡܟܬܪ ‎μὲ‏ ܠܒܪܐ
ܩܠܗ ܕܪܝܫ ‎Lio iso‏ ܐܚܪܝܬܐ. ܠܫܘܚܠܦ ܐܣܟܡܗ̇ ܕܫܡܝܐ. ܠܚܘܠܦܪܘ̇
ܕܐܪܥܐ. ܠܚܙ̈ܘܪܐ 3[ ‎ansa dM‏ ܠܚܘܕܬܐ ܕܟܠܗ ܥܠܡܐ. ° ܗܝܕܝܢ ‎oen Ss‏ ܚܢܐ
ܟܕ ‎Ji‏ ܡܟܝܠ ܚܙ݀ܩ. ܟܕ ‎ᾗ‏ ܡܟܝܠ ܡܬܛܥܢ. ܟܕ ‎Jl‏ ܡܟܝܠ ܐܒܠܐ ܗܘܐ ܥܠܘܗܝ.

‏. ܗܶܢܘܢ ܕܙܕܝܩܘܬܐ ܒܗܘܢ ‎Jis‏

‎1. ‏:ܡܢ ]ܐ‎ — 2. F sing, — ἂν FK. om. — A. Τὸ «sense: — 5, ‏ܐ[‎ mor K ‏.ܓ ܓܘܪܺܝܘܣ‎

‎subject to. corruption? For that the world shall be consummated is ma-
uifest according to the faith in the divine Seriptures : for that the rudiments
whieh eompose this visible creation will not pass into absolute non-exis-
tence, but will be changed into something better, Paul testilies when he

‎and not "this world’, and Peter

‎says, « The form 01 tlie world passeth away »
also testifies when he writes, « The heavens shall be dissolved with fervent
heat, and the elements shall burn and collapse »?. (But those in whom
righteousness dwells look for new heavens and ἃ new earth according to
his promises.) And before him David sings about the heavens the passage
also, « "hey all shall grow old as a garment, and as a vesture shalt thou Iold
them np, and they shall be changed »*. Words agreeing with these were
written bv the Theologian Gregory also, in the sermon ou the funeral of his
brother Caesarius, as follows : « But why am 1 faini-hearted about the hopes?
Why do 1 become ἃ man of time? L await the voice of the archangel, the
last trunp, the transformation of heaven, the changing of the earth, the
emaneipation of the elements, 1he renovation of the whole world. Then
shall 1 see Caesarius, no longer departing, no longer carried, no longer

‎|. I Cor, v1, 38, — 2. IT Pet, uir 12, — ον Pa ci, 27.
