51, 3r* b.

* 25v? n.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [3^]‏ 206
‎[as‏ . ܣܗܶܕܢ܂ ‎Suit‏ ܕܐܬܬܘܣܦ ܥܠ ܡܠܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܩܕܡ ܩܥܝܠ ܐܬܬܣ ܝܡ |
ܡܢ ܡܐܡܪܐ ° ܦܪܘܣܦܘܙ ܝ ܛܚ ‎(as‏ "+

‏ܕܝܠܗ ܡܢ ܐܓܪܬܐ ܕܠܘܐ ܐܠܘܣܢܝܘܣ. ‎Asi)‏ ܒܐ݀ܓܘܢܐ ܙܕܪ̈ܐ܀

‏ܘܠܐ ܬܐܡܪ ‎«M‏ ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ܩܘܪܝܠܘܣ ܒܠܚܚܘܕܘܗܝ ܒܡܠܬܐ ܠܘܬ ܗܢܐ ‎loo‏
‏ܐܬܚܫܝܝ. ܐܠܐ ‎Lazsl]‏ ܒܚܠܚܡܘܬܐ ‎Jai‏ ܕܠܘ ܠܒܪ ܡܢ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ܫܠܝܚܝܬܐ
‎JL}‏ ܕܝܥ̈ܡܢ ܠܗ ܓܝܪ ܘܓܪܝܓܘܪܝܘܣ ‎λοι Ρο. ο‏
‎(Doro‏ ܐܡܪܢܢ. ܘܐܠܘ ܐܦ ‎Ja.‏ ܕܒܩܢܘܡܐ ܥܠ ܡܬܒܣܪܢܘܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܡܠܬܐ ..
ܠܐ ‎ss)‏ ܡܢ ܐܒܘ̈ܬܐ ܠܒܫ̈ܫܝ ‎JS‏ ܕܡܢ ܩܕܡܘܗܝ ܒܗܝܢ ‎a] JLès‏ ܐܠܐ
ܒܪܡ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܗܠܝܢ ‎ss‏ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ܬܪܝܕܬܐ ‎«οι» .. aS sco‏ ܕܪܒܝܘܬ ‎Jobs‏
‏ܕܪܐ |4 ܡܚܘܝܐ ° ܕܡܬܒܪܢܫܢܘܬܐ ܐܠܗܝܬܐ:. ܘܕܢܩܦܐ ܠܬܪܥܝܬܐ ܕܡ̈ܠܦܢܐ ܕܥܕܬܐ.
ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܐܦ ‎oo‏ ܒܝܫ ‎ΙΝ}‏ ܘܪܫܝܥܐ ܬܐ ܕܘܪܝܛܐ܂. ܗܟܢܐ ‎μὸ‏ ܒܥ ܘܕܠܐ
‎xh ber‏ ܚܕܝܘܬܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܒܩܢܘܡܐ ܣܟ ܐ ‎ape‏ ܐܝܟ ܐܒܣܢܝܬ| ܘܢܘܟܪܝܬܐ
ܕܟܬܒ̈ܐ ‎La‏ - ܘܕܐܒܗ̈ܬܐ ‎sans cao Las‏

‎4, QG earolll, — 3, G «ουβϑαθροοῦθ L ‏ܦܐܣܦܘܢܝܛܝܘܘܢ‎ M ‏.ܦܪܘܣܦܢܛܝܩܘܢ‎ — 3, Ms. Mo. — 4. Ms. Il»

‎when the natures exist apart and by themselves is testified by the addition
made to the words cited above from the prosphonelikon oration.

‎Of the same [rom the letter to Eleusinius, which begins.
« In. wrestling-contests ».

‎And do not tell me that the holy Cyril alone used the expression in this
sense; but observe with sound intelligence that he does not step outside
the apostolic faith; for Gregory the Theologian also spoke words that are
in accord with him in the passage which we have just cited above. — And,
if none of the God-clad fathers before him iu fact spoke in so many words
of unity in hypostasis with reference to the lucarnation of God the Word,
yet still all the lovers of the right faith aecepted it, inasmnch as it sets
forth the splendour of the mystery of the divine Humanization, and it agrees
with the opinion of the doctors of the church. Therefore also that wretched
and impious Theodoret speaks thus in the objection to the 2" anathema :
« Unity in hypostasis we do not recognise at all, as beiug strange and
alien to the divine Scriptures, and to the doctors who expounded these »".

‎1. Cyr., ed. Pusey, VI, p. 402.
