* rh.

244 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. 72

οἱ ‏ܕܒܬܥܩܫܒܘܬܐ ܡܝܠܝܘܢ‎ y ‏ܠܘ‎ +.Jloo Ko Las ‏ܕܒܗ 39 ܟܠ ܗ‎ sol
δι . ‏ܓܘ ܟܘ .ܢ ܐܝܬ‎ JT «ας. ‏ܐܝܟ ܕܒܡܘܗܒܬܐ‎ ME) ol .-Jlas.;os
‏ܟܕ‎ soleo) ‏ܡܬܐܡܪܐ [ ܕ ܐܥܡܪܐ ܒܗ‎ Las) μὰ ‏ܐܘܣܝܚܐܝܬ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ‎ Re
‏ܒܟܠ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ‎ oix où ‏ܕ‎ ¦ μομ ‏ܠܒܪ ܡܢܗ܀ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ‎ GR ‏ܠܘ ܐܚܪܬܐ‎
‏ܐܚ ᾿ ܕܒܡܘܗܒܬܐ:. ܘܒܟܠ ܚܕ ܩܪܝܒܐܝܬ܆. ܘܟܠ ܡܕܡ ܓܝܪ ܢܣܒ ܡܢܗ‎
‏ܡ̇ܡܬܬܦܠܓ܆.‎ οἱ ‏ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܘܠܐ ܡܬܦܕܣܩ ܒܕܘܡ‎ Kasso ‏ܘܬܘܒ‎ ο «ο ‏ܘܒܩܪܝܒܘܬܗ‎
‎“où ‏ܘܬܘܒ ܟܠܗ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܐܘܣܝܝܐܝܬ ܒܒܣܪܐ ܗܽܘ ܩܕܝܥ ܒܦܠ.. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܘܠܝܫܕ‎
‏ܢܦܫܗ ܕܒܪܢܫܝܢ.. ܢܐܡܪ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܠܒ ܪ‎ Cr Jes. ‏ܕܡܒܚܝܝܕܐ‎ où ‏ܒܬܛܘܦܣܐ‎
‏ܠܗܝܢ.. ܕܠܐ‎ LS ‏ܡܛܠ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܡܢ ܡܘܗܒܬܗ‎ soa ‏ܡܢ ܒܣܪܐ‎
yel ‏ܡܣܬܝܟܢܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ܆. ܘܟܠܗ ܒܟܠ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ. ܠܡܒܥܐ ܕܝܢ ܠܡܠܬܐ‎
‏ܒܙܘܝܡܒܢܘܬܐ ܒܥ ܢ ܘܕ‎ Fax Jas ‏ܗܢܐ ܬܗܪܐ܂ ܕܕܦܬܛܥܘܬܐ ܗܝ ܡܠܝܐܝܬ.‎
‏ܠܐܠܗܐ ܡܠܟ̈ܬܐ ܗܠܝܢ‎ A, ‏ܕܠܘܐ‎ οὐ ‏ܕܝܢ ܡܐܡܪܐ ܐܚܪܢܐ:‎ odis ‏ܡܬܚܬܡܢ.‎
‏ܬܒܐܠܝܐ.‎ κ Jiosas . ‏ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܪܫܘ‎ oà ‏ܒܬܘ̈ܠܬܐ: ܐܪܩܕܝܐ ܘܡܐܪܝܢܐ'..‎

ܣܡ ‎où oot‏ ܚܟܝܡܐ ܩܘܪܝܠܣ ܬܚܘܝܬܐ ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ܝܘܚܢܢ ‎Jo où‏ ܐܦܣ ܩ ܦܐ

1. Me. sing, -- 2. Ms, om. ©. — 3, Mz, Gas: — A, Ms. à.

10 him, possessing an intelligent soul, his own temple. And the divine Paul,
declaring the indwelling of the Word in the holy tlesh, or the true union,
said that in hin all tlie fuluess of the Godhead cane to dwell, not so much
by way of assumption. or presence, or bv way of a gift of grace, but
bodily, that is in essence; as in 1116 case of a man also 1t 1s said [that his
spirit dwells in him, though il is not something different from lim ν΄.
How then shall we say [that] he who is wholly in everything by way of gift,
and in each man in presenec (for he receives all things from him and they
depend upon his presence), and who further also 15. in everything and 15
nowhere cleft asunder or divided, and further is wholly in the all-holy flesh
in essenee, and so 15 united do it, aller the fashion in which the soul of ἃ
man like us is united to its own body, how shall we say that he 15 without his
own flesh, because he tilled all these things with the gift of himself, he who is
infinite, and is wholly iu everything? But to inquire into such a marvellous
subject is ἃ piece of utter foolishuess : for glorious things are sealed by faith
only. In the other treatise addressed to tlie religions virgin queens, Arcadia

and Marina, which begins. "lhe world's boast', tlie. same wise. Cvril

| d regiu., 14 fed. Pusey, VIE, p. 285;
