183] NNVH. — TO JOHN, TUEODORE, AND 401IN. 255
JAM au So ‏ܐܫܬܥܒܕܬ ܠܣܪܝܩܘܬܐ.‎ σον la NS] ‏ܕܬܥܒܕܙܘܿ. ܡܢܐ‎ Où

ܗܘܬ. ܡܛܠ ܐܝܕܐ܂ ܘܥܠ ‎ho‏ ܡܛܠܬܟ ܒܪܢܫܐ. ܡܛܠ ܓܚܪ ܕܦܓܪܐ ܕܡܚܘܬܐ
‎MITES [iso . MN aco αν Lilo Mamas [saxo‏ ° ܐܝܬܝܬ . ‎μον‏
‏ܕܝܢ ܥܡ ܐܪܥܐ ܟܕ ܡܡܿܬܩܢ ܠܘܬ ‎[Macs‏ ܕܡܝܬܪܘܬܐ ܒܚܝܪܬܐ ‎wona + Ratio‏

ܠܝܢܒܫܐ ‎ανν» qo‏ ܡܪܝܐ܂ ܐܢܬ ‎Νδορ‏ ܦܬ ܐܣܺܝܪܘ ܕܐܪܥܐ. ܘܠ݀ܒܕܐ ‎pl‏
‏ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܫܡܝܐ. ܗܼܢܘܢ ܢܐܒܕܘܢ.. ܐܢܬ ‎Jaaso κ.‏ ܐܢܬ. 99050« ܐܝܟ ܡܐܢܐ
ܢܥܬܩܘܢ. ܘܐܝܟ ܬܟܣܝܬܐ ܬܟܪܘܟ ܐܢܘܢ ܘܢܬܚܠܦܘܢ. ° ܘܐܫܥܝܐ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ܠܗܠܝܢ
ܡܚܘܐ ]$33 ܗܘܐ.. ܕܐܬܒܩܘ ܒܫܡܝܐ ܡܢ ܠܥܠ. ܘܒܐܪܥܐ ܡܝܢ ܠܬܚܬ. ܡܛܠ
ܕܫܡܝܐ ܐܝܟ ܬܢܢܐ ‎INS‏ ܐܪܥܐ ܕܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܡܐܢܐ ܬܥܬܩ. ܗܠܚܝܢ ܕܚܢ ܕܥܡܪܝܢ
‎&s‏ ܐܟܙܢܐ ܕܗܿܢܘܢ܂ ܢܐܒܕܘܢ. ‎Lis Lal NM‏ ܐܫܬܥܒܕܬ ܠܣܪܝܟܘܬܐ: ‎μα,‏
‏ܘܡܬܚܝܪܪܐ ܡܢ ‎Tes où Lan‏ ܓܝܪ ܐܡܼܝܪ ‎pus‏ ܡܝܐܢܐ ܬܟܪܘܟ ܐܢܘܢ
ܘܢܬܚܠܦܘܢ. ܐܫܥܝܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܗܠܚܝܢ ܕܥܡܪܝܢ ܒܪܘܿ: ܐܟܙܢܐ ܕܗܿܢܘܢ܂ ܢܐܒܕܘܢ. ܟܕ ܠܘ

1. Καὶ ‏ܐܝܬܝܗ‎ -- 2, καὶ 1359. — 3, K ομξροῖδα. — 4, |? ωὐδαί (LXX ἐσττοξώθη)- — 5. E qe.

made subject to vanity, not of its own accord, but because of 11111 who subjec-
ted 117, What is ^ Creation was made subjeet to vanitv'? — It was made
eoreuplible.— Why and wherefore?—| On. account. of vou the man. For,
since vou received a body that is mortal and passible, the earth also received
a eurse, and produced. briars and thorns. But, that heaven together with
the earth will grow old and eventually pass to the better ending, hear the
prophet saving, ‘In the beginuing, Lord, thou laidst the foundations. of
the eartli, and the heavens are the work of thine hands. They shall perish,
but thou endurest; and thev all shall grow old ax a garment; and as ἃ vesture
shalt thou fold them up, and they shall be changed”. And [saiah, demon-
strating these things, said, *Observe heaven above and the earth beneath;
because heaven hath been solidified as smoke, and the earth. shall grow
old as à garment; aud they. that dwell therein. shall perish like them”.
You have seen how ‘creation was made subject to vanity”, how also il shall
be freed from corruption; for the former said * As a vesture shall thou
fold them up, and they shall be changed ‏,ܐ‎ and Isaiah said ‘They that dwell
therein shall perish like them’, not! speaking of utter. destruction, for
neither shall the men who dwell in it undergo such as this, but the
temporary. destruction, and through that very thing they shall pass to in-

1. This passage to * universe ^ p. 8%, L % is ciled in Greek from this lelter in 8. V. NX, (ὦ,

IX, 755. The author of this Catena seems not to have noticed that it occurs. in à citation fyoin
Jo. Chrys.

Τὴ τὸ ¥” ‏.ܘ‎
