* 70 v" a.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [70]‏ 343
ܒܬܘܠܬܐ ܩܕܝܫܬܐ. ܕܐܼܝܬܘܗܝ ܒܪ ‎κῶας‏ ܘܒܪ ܟܝܢܝܢ. ܐܦ ܠܐ ܬܘܒ ܟܕ ܠܘܬ
ܢܚܩܕܡܘܣ ܡܡܠܠ ܗܘܐ ̇. ܦܓܪܢܐܝܬ ܐܝܬܐܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܒܫܡܡܝܐ. ܐܸܠ ‎J‏ ܦܓܪܢܐܝܬܐ
° ܒܗ̇ܝ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܐܠܗܐ .. ‎LS‏ ܗܘܘ ܡܢܗ ܐܡܝܢܐܝܬ݀ ‎ολο Lees‏ ܘܠܥܠ
ܡܢ ܫܡܝܐ. ܘܒܡܐܡܪܐ ܕܝܝܢ ,)14159 )5.5 ‎«ass! «Ὁ‏ (ܕܠܘܩܒܠ)! ܝܘܠܝܢܘܣ
ܗܽܘ ‎cg‏ ܒܕܚܠܬܐ ‎οκ ο Jc‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܟܪ̈ܣܛ2ܝܢ ܐ ܡܟܬܒܝܢ ‎AD‏ .+
ܡܚܘܐ ‎oo‏ ܡܠܦܢܐ.. ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ‎où‏ ܡܠܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܆. ܟܕ ܟܠܗ ܒܟܠ ‎«ωοιολω]‏
‎rl‏ ܩܢܘܡܐܝܬ ‎où Je‏ ܕܡܢ ܩܕܝܢܬܐ ܡܪܚܡ ܆܇. ܘܝܬܝܪ ܡܢ ܟܠ ‎ΟΝ‏
‏ܠܦܠ ‎JLso‏ ? ܒܢܣܝܟܘ)| ܕܡܢܗ. ܣܦܝܩ ܕܝܢ ܡܢܗ ܡܬܝܕܥܢܐܝܬ܂ ܘܠܐ ܡܕܡܟ.
ܐܦܢ ܠܟܠܗܝܢ ܕܐܝܬܝܪܘܝܝܢ. ܒܛܘܪܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܕܒܡܨܥܬܐ ܘܕܠܝܬܐ ܠܡ ܐܡܪ
ܕܟܡܐ܆. ‎La‏ ܠܐ ܡܣܬܝܟܢܘܬܐ ‎«ος‏ ܠܒܪܐ ܘܦܪܚܝܐ ܠܥܠ. ‎y οὐδ‏ ܒܪܬ
ܩܠܗ ‎(oo obs‏ ܥܡܡ̈ܡܐ ܐܝܟ ܢܘܛܦܬܐ ܡܢ ‎Logo‏ ܘܐܝܟ ‎JL‏ ܕܡܣܐܬܐ
‎aas]‏ ܐܡܪ ܕܚܢ ܬܘܒ܂ ܗܟܢܐ ܩܕܝܥܐ ܩܘܪܝܥܘܣ܀ ܗܘܼܐ ܡܢ ܓܚܪ ‎dis); fans!‏

‎. ‏ܠܘ‎ Qe Aes Lee ‏ܕܝܥܢ‎ Jopuso ‏ܕܟܬܝܒ.‎ y ° ‏ܒܕܡܘܬܐ ܕܒܢܝ̈ܢܫܐ‎

‏ܕܐܬܩܦܣ ܐܡܪܢܢ܆. ‎où‏ ܠܐ ܡܬܠܪܝܢܐ. ‎οἱ‏ ܠܐ ܕܒܡܫܘܚܬܐ ܕܦܓܪܐ ‎vM‏ ܣܟܠܬܐ

‎1. Ms. ‏ܗܢܘܢ‎ (sic), — 2, Me. ‏.ܡܠܐ‎ — 3. Ms. ο οδόν

‎heaven, but he received it from the holy Virgin, flesh that is of our race,
and of our nature. Nor again, when he was speaking to Nicodemus, was
lie. eorporeally in heaven; but incorporeally, in that he is God, heaven
and earth and what is above lieaven. were perpetually full of him. And in
the eighth: section of the second of the books against! Julian the great in
demon-worship, which were written by him in defence of the Christian
religion, the doetor shows how the Word of God, while he 15 all in all, was
hypostatically united to the flesh derived from-the holy Mary, and, beyond
every crealure, filled all things by reception from him (in a suprasensual
sense nothing is empty of him), though the infinity of his greatness surpasses
and soars above all things that exist with a great space between (how
great itis impossible to say) : by whom according lo the words of Isaiah
« all the nations have been reckoned as a drop from a pot, and as tlie sand
of a balance »?. But tlie holy Cyril again speaks thus : « lle has become, as
] said, in the likeness of men, as it is wrilten, aud in our human appearance
truly. Nevertheless we did not say that he who cannot be comprised was

‎1. The Syriae is corrupl and the emendation doubtful. — 2. Es. xr, 15.
