(89] XXIX. — TO ANTONINUS. 201

ܘܩܕܡ ܕܢܐܬܐ ܟܐܒܐ ܕܚܟ̈ܠܐ܂. ܦܠܼܛܬ ܘܝܕܠܕܬ ° ‎for‏ ܗܿܝ ܕܝܢ ܕܦܕܥܛܬ ܡܚܘܝܐ!.
‎t ας ας sas‏ ܕܝܓܝܕܬ: ܘܠܘ ܒܦܢܛܛܣܝܐ ܗܼܘܐ ‎oo‏ ܡܝܘܠܕܐ. ܗܟܢܐ ܓܝܪ
ܘܓܪܝܓܘܪܝܘܣ ܡܡܠܠ ‎JAN‏ ܐܡܪܐ ‎où‏ ܕܡܛܠ ܦܛܚܪ̈ܐ: ܡܛܠ
‎{δν οι»‏ ܟܕ ܡܬܝܥܕ ‎Jl 9l‏ ܘܩܝܠܬ ܡܢ ܐܘܠܨܢܐ ܕܐܣܘܪ̈ܐ ܒܝܬܘ̈ܠܝܐ
ܟܝܬ ܘܐܡܗ̈ܝܐ܂. ܥܡ ܫܘܠܛܢܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ. ܟܕ ܐܬܝܥܕ ‎ho»‏ ܡܢ ‎JR‏ ܐܝܟ ܡܐ
ܕܐܫܥܫܐ ܡܣܒܕ. ‎Où‏ ܕܒܐܘܠܨܢܐ ܩܥܬܐ ܘܠܐܣܘܪܐ ܕܒܬܘܠܘܬܐ| ܠܐ ܣܕܩܬܐ.. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܐ

‎cJ NS‏ ܘܠܘ ܒܪܓܫܬܐ ‎Je‏ ܕܐܝܟ ܗܕܐ :. ܕܗܿܝ݀ ܕܝܠܕܬ ܗܘܬ. ܘܗܠܝܢ ܠܐ
ܡܬܡܠܠܢܐܝܬ ‎Ns so‏ ܡܢ ܟܠ ܡܕܡ ‎Lo‏ ܗ̈ܘܝ. ܗܽܘ ܓܝܪ ܕܫܪܝܪܐܝܬܐ ܒܟܠܗܝܢ
ܗܠܝܢ ‎De)‏ ܨ ܒܐ ܕܢܐܬ|: ܘܕܙܬ ܕܡܐ ܠܢ ‎οι}‏ ܣܬܛܪ ܡܝܢ ‎JN ANS‏ ܡܝܢ ܟܠ
ܦܪܘܣ ܒܡܘܠܕܐ ܓܠܝܐ ‎Άμμος Jio‏ 8 ܟܕ ‎JR‏ ܠܒܕ ‎CS‏ ܕܝܠܕܐ:
ܕܕܟܝܐ ܡܝܢ ܟܠ ܟܐܒܐ ܘܚܫܐ. ܩܕܡ ܓܚܪ ° ܕܢܐܬܐ ܟܐܒܐ ܕܚܒܠܐ ܡܟܪܙ ܢܒܚܐ ܕܝܠܕܬ.
ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܥܬܝܕܐ ܕܢܣܝܢܐ ܕܟܐܲܒܶܐ ܘܕܥܩܬܐ ‎où osx)‏ ܕܒܬܛܠܬ ‎Ross) οὐ‏
ܢܬܝܠܕܘܢ ‎pes Ris‏ ܗܺܝ ‎LS‏ ܚܕܘܬܐ ܠܟܠܘ ܓܢܣܐ ‎sis)‏ ܗܐ ܓܝܪ

‎1. Ms, là, — 2. Ms, ‏ܗܝ‎

‎pain of the travail came, she escaped and bare a male elild « ', The fact
that she escaped shows that the birtli took place with perception on the part
of her who gave birth. and not in phantasy?. So Gregory the Theoogian
also in the sermon about Easter says of the birth of the babe when it is
born : « But she also cried? from the compulsion of the virgin and maternal
bonds, with great power, when a male child was born from tlie prophetess, as
Isaiah announces »‘. flow could the fact that she cried from the compulsion
and did not rend the bond of virginity happen without perception, and not with
such great perception as this on tft part of her who bare? And these tlings
took place ineffably and beyond everything. Ile who wished to come trult
in all our attributes, and to be made like to us his bretliren without sin, was
eertainly born in fleshly fashion by a manifest and Irne birth, causing
perception in her who bare, free [rom all pain and sulfering; for the prophet
proclaims that she gave birth. before the pain ofthe travail came. For low
was she to be subjected to the trial of pains and anguish, who put an end
to the bearing of children in anguish through the faet that jov was born for
the whole race of men? For, « Lo! ». he says, « 1 announce unto yon great

‎1 < LXVI, 7. — 2. 0 — 23. Gres. ` < from éxgrovout. which Ihe lranslator has taken. for

‎an aor, ind, from χράζω, — A4. Ov. XLV, 13

‎*a pb.
