δη NXVIL — TO. JOUN, THÉODORE, AND JOHN. 253

ܟܢ ܠܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܗܘܝܢ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܪ̈ܚܡܼܐ. ܢܗܝܪܐ ܡܫܒܚܐ ‎Lise‏ ܐܝܡ ܡܐ ܕܒܚܠܡܐ
‎κ)‏ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܢ ܐܬܚܙܝܬ ‎ol.‏ ܛܒ ܪܝܡ ‎JE‏ ܘܛܒ ‎οἱ Li] jai‏ ܐܝܟ
‎toss οἱ sil Mas bl‏ ܘܚܟܚܡ ܛܒ ܕܝܢ ܝܘܚܢܢ ܡܦܫܩܢܐ ܕܡ̈ܬܐ ܐܠܗܝ̈ܬܐ:
ܒܦܘܬܩܝܐ ܕܐܓܪܬܐ ܕܠܘܬ ‎Lise Liss‏ ܐܡܿܪܐ܀ ܘܥܡ ܗܕܐ ‎no‏ ܐܚܪܢܐ ܕܘܐ
‎Jos, LS‏ ܦܘܠܬܢܐܝܬ ‎san‏ ܐܦ ܓܪ ܠܫܘܚܠܦ ܐܣܟܡܗ ° ‎Ja»,‏ ܫܘܕܥ ܟܢ
‎el‏ ܕܐܝܟ ܡܐܢܐ ܢܥܬܩܘܢ , ‎lo‏ ܬܟܣܝܬܐ ‎yo‏ ܐܢܘܢ ܘܢܬܚܬܦܘܢ. ܗܺܝ ܕܐܼܦ
ܒܗ̇ܝ ܕܠܘܬ ܪ̈ܗܘܡܝܐ ܐܡܿܒܪ. ܕܡܫܚܠܦ ܐܣܟܡܗ ܕܥܠܡܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎ος. κ‏ ܡܫܘܕܥ
ܐܘܣܦ.. ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܬܟܣܝܬܐ ܐܢܫ ܢܟܪܘܟ.. ܗܟܢܐ ܢܟܪܘܡ܂ ‎«Suite‏ ܐܸܢ ܕܝܢ ܠܦܫܘܚܠܦ
ܐܣܟܡܐ ° ܘܒܪܘܝܘܬܐ ܕܠܘܬ ܗܳܝ ܕܡܝܬܪܐ ܘܡܥܠܝܐ: ܗܟܢܐ ܦܢܝܩܐܝܬ ‎ty‏ ܥܠ
ܒܪܘܚܘܬܐ ܕܗܿܝ ܕܒܨܝܪܐ ܥܠ ܐܚܪܢܐ ܣܢܝܩ ‎Joni‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܐܡܬܝ ܠܐ ܡܬܚܡܨܝܢ
ܐܢܬܘܢ܀ ‎Lasaasot‏ ܕܝܢ ܕܐܓܪܬܐ ܕܠܘܬ ܪ̈ܗܘܡܝܐ.. ܛܒ ܡܫܡܠܝܐܝܬ ܡܠܬܐ
ܕܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܢܦܝ̈ܩ.. ܟܕ 9.5« ܗܟܙܐ܀' ܣܘܟܝܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܒܪܝܬܐ ‎μι τοδὶ‏

LT ins μὲν — 2. ΕΝ Lex. — 3, K ‏ܒ‎ — 4, ΕΙΚ ὁπι.

being mourned for, no longer being pitied, bright, glorious, exalled, even
as you have often appeared to me in a dream, O most brother-loving', and
most brother-loving; either as llave wished to depiet thee, or iu reality » 7.
Aud the most wise John, the expounder of the divine words, in 1he com-
meutarv on the epistle to the Hebrews speaks as follows : « And besides
this he deiionstrated another thing also worth attention? in parabolie form :
for he also denoted the transformation of the world by saviug, * As a gar-
ment shall they grow old; and as a vesture thou shalt [old then up, and
they shall be changed”; a thing which he also states in the epistle to the
Romans, that he shall transfor the world : and setting forth. the casiness
he added that, as a man mav fold up a vesture, so shall he fold then up
and change them. — But, if he effected the transformation and the ereation
into something belter aud. higher so easily, for the creation of something
worse he needed another; how loug will you not be asliamed? »*.— And
in the commentary on the opistle to the Romans he gives an account of
this matter in very. complete form, writing as follows : « * For the expecta-
ton of creation”, he savs. ‘looks for the revelation. of the sons of God.

1, ὦ φίλτατε ἀδε)φῶν ἐμοί. — 2. Or, vip 21. The last clause runs εἶτε τοῦ βούλεσθαι τοῦτο Ἀνατυποζυτος
εἶτε τῆς ἀληθείας, — 3. Jo. Ghrys. πάρτργον. — 0 In Ep. ad Hebr. Hoin. ut, ἃς 6 fed, Fields.

ἘΚ δὴ νο,

* E?0 να.
