»

Bo Y 3.

224 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. ID
‏ܘܐܪܬܝܬܘܢܝܗܝ.. ܘܠܡܬܦܢܘ̈ܬܐ ܕܐܒܗ̈ܬܐ ܩܕܝܫ̈ܐ ܩܝܪܒܬܘܢ. ܘܡܛܠ ܕܚܕܐ ܙܒܝܢ‎
vs ‏:ܠܐ ܝܕܥ:‎ Jon wl ENS: ‏ܟܣܚܐܝܬ ܘܓܠܝܐܝܬ݀: ܗܠܝܢ‎ lle
: Jos Nb ‏ܘܗܼܘ ܬܘܒ ܒܗܝܢ ܟܕ ܒܗܝܢ‎ el ‏ܗܘܝܬܘܢ ܠܗ ܘܡܐܣܝܢ‎
‏ܘܡܠܦܢܐܝܬ ܘܥܕܬܢܐܝܬ ܡܬܙܼܦܟܝܢ' ܗܘܝܬܘܢ: ܘܡܢ ܟܠ ܕܘܟ ܦܘܪܩܢܗ ܡܬܬܓܪܝܢ‎
‏ܚܝܪܝܢ‎ [a4 où ‏ܦܘܩܕܢܐ‎ La: ‏ܐܢܬܘܢ:‎ a Jess ‏ܐܢܬܘܢ: ܘܒܗܘܢ‎
‏ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ‎ Jo ‏ܘܒܛܟܣܐ‎ [καθὰ ‏ܕܟܠ ܡܕܡ ܕܝܢ ܒܐܣܟܡܐ‎ Last cà ‏ܐܢܬܘܢ:‎
‎AN où ‏ܟܕ ܠܟܠܗ̇ ܙܪܐ ° ܝܨܝܦܘܬܐ ܐܫܬܘܝ: ܠܐ ܝܚܣ ܥܠ ܢܦܫܗ: ܘܠܐ ܩܦܣ‎
‏ܐܦ ܚܐܣ ܐܢܐ. ܡܛܝܠ‎ Nx Jul ‏ܠܘܬ ܡܟܒܫܝ ܘܬܐ ܘܡܟܝܟܘܐ|.. ܠܕܠܬ‎
Louis sé ‏ܥܠ ܕܠܐ‎ dais ‏ܕܠܐ ܝܕܥܬܐ ܕܠܐ ܩܝܢܕܘܢܘܣ. ܠܐ ܓܝܪ ܐܢܫ‎
‏ܕܠܐ ܡܬܛܦܝܣ ܠܐܝܠܝܢ‎ ϱ ον Las ‏ܥܠܘܗܝ ܠܚܛܛܝܬܐ ܕܠܐ‎ ο
‏ܠܐܣܝܘܬܐ :ܠܐ‎ Rae ‏ܡܢ ܐܝܠܝܢ ܣ ܕܝܬܝܪ‎ lx: οἱ Ὁ ‏ܕܚܟܚ̈ܡܝܢ‎
‏ܚܐ :ܐܝܬ‎ Joss ‏ܐܠܐ ܠܐܝܠܝܢ' ܕܠܐ ܝܕܝܥܢ ܘܠܐ‎ Mb: ‏ܕܗܺܝ‎ Je ‏ܝܕܥܬܗ‎
‎Ras ‏ܡܛܠ‎ sua ‏ܕܫܘ̈ܬܦܐ ܕܚܘ̈ܢܒܘܗܝ‎ καν [ejas ‏ܘܒܝܕ‎ [05

ܕܡܕܡ ‎esl‏ ܟܕ ܠܐ ܐܡܿܪ ܡܕܡ ܚܠܝܡܐ. ܐܠܐ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܡܿܢ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ ܕܐܡܼܪ ܕܠܐ

| Me «S390». ‏܀‎ Ms, ‏ܩܘܙܕܝܢܘܣ‎ τς ἃς Ms ‏.ܠܐܝܠܝܢ‎ 20V Ms, lle.

whereas vou onee and twice ‏ܒܠ‎ openly refuted and corrected him
on the points on whieh he spoke without. Knowledwe. and he was agn
involved in the same errors, and von behaved like doctors and churehmen,
and on all sidea seek to gain his salvation. and hy actual deeds «how that
vou look to the apostolie commandment which commands, « Let evervthing
be done deeently and in order «5, but he. though he was thought worthy to
receive so mueh attention. had ne merey on his soul. and did not reslrain
himself so as to «how moderation and humilitv. 1 expressed blame and at the
same time showed merey and still show merey, since ignorance is free from dan-
gor?, for à man is not blamed because he docs not know, He is trving to bring
upon hnnself the sin that docs not. deserve forgiveness, in that he does not
vicld to those who are wise among the brethren, or seek from wiser men a
eure for his ignorance by. desire to learn. but pettily. searches into things
that are unknown and uncertain, and does his best to find men to share his
opinions, in order that he may. seem to be saving something when he ids
Saving nothing that is sound. But the other things wlhieh he said without
,

` ( ο ο
