[57] NNV. Το THE EMESENES. 220

ܕܐܠܗܘܬܐܼ. ܘܕܗܕܐ ܗܟܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܿܢ. ܠܗ ܠܡܠܦܢܐ ܡܝܬܐ| ܐܢܐ ‎Jroc‏ ܕܚܬܝܬܘܬܐ
ܕܝܘ̈ܠܦܢܘܗܝ. ܕܡܝܢ ܡܥܒܕܢܘܬܐ ܕܪܘܚܐ ‎Iro‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܡܠܦܢܐ ܚܬܝܬܐ. ܒܐܓܪܬܐ
ܓܝܪ ܩܕܡܝܬܐ ‎lac,‏ ܣܘܩܢܣܘܣ: ܟܕ ܗܦܝܟܬܐ ܕܕܐܝܟ ܗܕܐ ܐܗܦܟܝܘ ܐܢܬ̈ܝܢ..
ܐܡܪ ܗܟܢܐ܀ ° ܡܛܠ ܕܝܢ ܕܐܠܟܚܬܐ ܒܗܘܘܦܡܢܣܛܝܩܘܢ ‎ἘΠῚ‏ ܕܡܠܬܐ ‎ys‏
‏ܗܕܐ: ܕܡܢ ܒܬܪ ‎Joss‏ ܦܓܪܗ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܕܦܪܘܩܐ ܕܟܠܢ ܡܫܝܚܐ: ܠܟܝܢܐ ܕܐܠܗܘܬܐ
‎ha] suis‏ ܕܢܪܗܘܐ ܟܠܗ ܐܠܠܪܗܘܬܐ ܒܠ ܚܘܕܢ. ‎Ley:‏ ܐܬܚܕܫܒܬ ܠܝܢ. ܕܐܦ ܠܘܬ
ܗܕܐ ‎Sas 50 pol‏ ܟܕ ܡܢ ܠܥܠ ܐܝܟ ܕܒܙܥܘܪܘܬ ܡܠܝܬܐ ܟܠܗ ܫܪܒܐ
ܕܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ ܕܡܬܒܪܢܫܢܘܬܐ ‎ans‏ ܡܝܬܐ ܒ ܬܪܗܼ ܗܠܝܢ. ܠܥ ܘܝܚ ܠܦ ]ܐ ܕܝܢ
ܕܠܟܝܢܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ.. ‎J‏ ܡܨܝܐ ‎Νας)‏ ܦܓܪܐ ‎Jo fil «2o‏ ܡܝܬܝܢܢ ܒܬ ܪ
ܐܠܗܘܬܐ ‎y à‏ ܥܒܝܕܬܐ ‎χο‏ ܐܝܕܐ ܕܢܣܒܬ ܒܙܘ ‎où D‏ ܕܠܐ ‎Lao)‏
‎o£!‏ ܒܟܝܢܐܿ. ܗܐ ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎“μὰς.‏ ܟ݀̇ܦܪ. ܕܐܠܗܘܬܗ ܕܡܠܬܬܐ ‎Aa.‏ ܡܕܡ
ܒܐܘܣܝܐ ‎où se‏ ܕܠܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܕܝܠܗ̇ ‎Las‏ ܟܕ ܛܒ ܡܘܕܝܢܢ ‎cunas)‏ ܡܢ
ܐܠܗܐ ‎.JÂNS‏ ܒܣܪܐ ‎Nob‏ ܠܗ ‎JAN SS Laos‏ ܘܠܗܢ ]ܐ ܚܝܕܗ ܠܙܘ
ܩܢܘܡܐܝܬ. ‎"eM Jil‏ ܐܝܡ ܕܢܬܬܘܣܦ ܡܕܡ ܠܐܘܣܫܐ ܐܠܗܝܬܐ ‎co‏ ܐܝܟ ܡܶܢ
‎ον‏ ܐܝܬܝܗܿ. ܡܫܡܠܝ ܒܟܠ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܫܪܝܪܐܝܬ. ܐܠܐ ܕܡܝܢ ܚܕܝܘܬܐ

the memorial an assertion of this kind stated, that since the Resurrection the
holy body of Christ the Saviour of us all has passed into tlie nature of the
Godhead, so as to be all Godhead only, 1 thought it right Lo speak against
this also ». And thereupon, after he has above in a brief eompass gone
through all the statement of the dispensation of the Hhinnanization, he brings
against 3t this argument : « 1) is impossible for a body taken from earth to
endure the change into the divine nature. And, if not, we bring against the
Godhead the charge that it is as a thing that is made and as a thing that has
taken into it something that is not its by nature »'. Sec! how plainly lie denies
that the divinity of the Word has taken anything into its essence? which
is not its by nature, though we confess that flesh possessing an intelligent
soul was taken by God the Word, and he united tliis to him hypostatically,
but not so that anything should be added to his divine essence?, as if it were
deficient (for he 18 trulv complete in everything), but that from the unmixed
union of the Incarnation, and the composition out of two elements, the Godhead

1. Ep. ^5 iP. G., LXXVI, 233, 236). — 2. οὐσία.

* 66 rh.

* 66 v? a.
