y Have,

9

LVI

lors
19/?

B

334 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [162]

ܠܛܠܝܘܣܐ ‎Je)‏ ܐܟܙܢܐ ܕܒܘ̈ܙܢܛܝܐ ܦܠܫܩܪܝܘܢ. ܘܟܕ ‎où ass‏ ܓܒܪܐ,. ܬܘܒ
ܐܓܣ ‎où‏ ܣܒܐ ‎θολὸ‏ ܘܦܢܝ ܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ. ܗܢܐ ܕܚܢ ܐܒܐ ‎δ‏ ܛܒܝܒܐ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎οι‏ .» ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܒܚܕܚ̈ܕܢܐ ܡܢ ܟܬܒ̈ܐ ܕܬܫܥܝ̈ܬܐ ܕܣܒ̈ܐ ܩܕܝܥ̈ܐ ܐܝܬ ܥܘܗܕܢܐ
ܕܡܠܘ̈ܗܝ. ‎Ko‏ ܟܡܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܕܣܘܢܗܕܘܣ ܕܟܠܩܝܕܘܢܐ ܐܚܝܕܐ܂. ܠܐ ‎mas Lys‏
‎Jaw‏ ܒܢ̈ܝܐ܆. ‎el‏ ܟܕ ܢܘܥܕ ܢܘܪܬ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܠܒܪܗ. ܘܗܕܐ ܐܦ ܗܿܢܘܢ ܐܢܫܐ ܩܕܝ̈ܫܐ
ܩܕܡܘ ܐܡܪܘ. ܘܒܚܘ̈ܡܬܗ ܕܠܐܘܢ ܡܠܟܐ܂ ‎où‏ ܢܣܝܢܐ ܚܘܝ. ܠܘܢܛܪܝܘܣ ܓܝܪ ‎OÙ‏
‏ܙܥܘܪܐ܂ ܐܦ ‎mo‏ ܐܬܬܣܪܚ. ܘܡܝܢ ܩܕܡ ܐܒܘܗܝ܂ ܕܠܐ ܒܙܥܢܗ ܡܝܬ . ܣܪܝܩ ܐܝܬ

ܗܟܝܠ ܛܥܐ ‎où‏ ܕܡܬܛܥܐ ‎oasis‏ ,

ܕܡܪܝ ‎rare‏ ܠܘܬ ܩܐܣܪܝܐ ܗܘܦܐܛܝܣܐ܆ ܡܛܠ ܡܦܩ

ܒܪܘܢܢܐ ‎Jin‏ ܕܢܢܠܬܝܕ ܘܩܢܛܐ ܕܝܠܗܝ ܘܕܗܝ ‎Jun (sic)‏

ܐܡܬܝ ܕܗܼܘܐ ܕܢܣܝܢ̈ܘܢܐ ‎als Loup‏ ܡܙܡܢܢܝܬܐ
ܐܝ̇ܬܝܗ̇ ‎EX rS‏ ܘܫܘܘܕܥܐ ܕܢܢܘܒܐ ‎Lola‏

ܕܘܝܕ ‎DJs où‏ ܘܪܚܡ ܐܠܗܐ ‎où iex‏ ܕܡܝܢ ܟܠܗܘܢ ‎xni‏ 725
ܗܘܐ: ܟܕ ܫܐܘܠ ‎voy]‏ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܬܪ̈ܬܝܢ ܙܒܢ̈ܝܢ: ܥܡ ܐܠܦ̈ܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ܕܡ̈ܙܝܢܐ

rion) : aud, when that man had gone out, that old man again lay down and
fell asleep and departed to God. This father Nisthora was a celebrated man,
so that his words are recorded in several of the books which contaiu tales of
the holy old men. So long therefore as the synod of Chalcedon is in force,
it is impossible for a king to beget sons‘, or, if he beget one, to leave the
kingdom to his sou, And this was both foretold bv those holy men, and in the
days of Leo the king proved by experience : for Leontarius the younger
was actually created Caesar, and died an uutimely death before his father?.
Vainly therefore does he err who deceives himself.

LV]. — Or Man SEvenus To CAESARIA THE HYPATISSA, BY WAY OF DEFENCE FOR
MIS OWN FEAR AND TIMIDITY, AND THAT TO FEAR WHEN IT HAS IAPPENED

THAT TRIALS BESET US WORKS A HEWARD AND IS À MARK OF LOVE OF Gon.

David that king and lover of God and prophet, who was more humble
than all men, when Saul had twice armed himself against him, with many
1. This passage is quoted by John of Nikiu, Notices οἱ extraits des mss., NXIV, 1, 54, 581. The

words which follow on p. 581 are quile different from our lext, and are perh. not parl. of the citation.
1 owe llie ref. to M. Nau. Cf. also ibid. p. 502. — 9. If Leo's grandson is meanl, this is false.
