‎LETFERS OF SEVERUS. [16^,‏ 336
[ܘܡ]ܚܣܢܢܝܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ:. ‎2à‏ ܕܫܘܙܒܬܟ ܘܐܫܠܡܬ ܒܐܝ̈ܕܝܐ ‎AS Ao‏
‎J5o.o.co‏ ܘܡܩ[ ‎Lise [is‏ ܙܠܐ ‎[οι‏ ܝܡܢܘ]ܬܐ ‎Lais]‏ ܒܟ ܘܕܝܬܝܪ ‎Las‏
‏ܠܡܬܗܝܡܢܘ ܐܪܥܐ ܕܚܝܠܬܢܘܬܗ ܕܗܽܘ ܡܪܝܡܐ ܠܘܬ ܢܬܛܘܪܬܐ ܕܝܠܝܡ܇. ܡܢ ܗܳܝ
‎scel‏ ܒܪܒܪܝܐ܀ ܡܕܣܬܒܪ ܐܢܬ ܠܝ ܕܥܒܕܲܢ ܠܟ ܡܠܐ ‎e‏ ܕܐ ...ܐܢܬ ܒܪܘܚܐ
ܩܕܝܫܐ ܡܙܡܪ ܐܢܬ ܠܗܠܝܢ ‎μὲ»‏ ܡܗܝܡܢܐ ܐܢܐ ܕܐܡܚܕ̈ܢ܂. ܕܣܓܝܐܝܢ ܐܘ̈ܠܨܢܝܗܘܢ
ܕܙܕܝ̈ܩܐ܇. ܘܡܢ ܟܠܗܘܢ ‎oops‏ ܐܢܘܢ ܡܪܝܐ. ܛܪ ܡܪܝܐ ܠܟܠܗܘܢ ܓܪ̈ܡܐ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ..
ܘܚܙܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܠܐ ܐܬܐܬܒܪ. ܘܬܘܒ ܢܦܪܘܩ ‎Je Jis; Lise‏ ܕܝܠܗ܀ ܠܘܬ ܗܠܝܢ
ܗܟܝܠ ]55 ܗܘܐ ‎quo)‏ ܫܘܥܝ ‎Js JEAN ? b] Sr 244] Sp E»‏
ܗܠܝܢ ܪ̈ܘܚܢܝܬܐ ܕܡܢܝ ܐܶܙܕܡܶܪܝ܂ ܝܬܝܪ ܡܢܟܝ. ܐܠܐ ܘܝܒܕܥ ܐܢܐ ܠܐܠܗܐ ܕܟܠ.. ‎où‏
‏ܕܠܒܪ ܡܢ ܟܠ ܣܒܕܪܐ ‎ae‏ ܡܢ ܟܠ ܩܝ̈ܢܕܘܢܘ ܠܠܕܒ̈ܕܐ ܕܝ̈ܠܢܝܐ ‎οὐδ‏ ܘܬܘܒ
ܟܕ ܡܕܪܫ ‎asso‏ ܠܪܗܘܢ: ܕܒܚܘ̈ܦܒܐ ܕܡܢ ܗܘ̈ܘܬܐ ‎sous hs fais)‏ ܘܒ̈ܙܚܢܐ
ܕܡܝܢ ‎is‏ ܐܝܡ ܟܝܬ ܕܐܦ ܢܥܪܩܘܢ ܘܘܠܡܕܡ ܢܓܝܼܒܘܢ ܠܝܡܚܫ,. ܘܠܐܠܗܐܼ ܠܐ
‎ASS‏ ܘܡܕܡ ܡܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܥܝܩ̈ܝܢ ܠܗ ܢܥܼܒܕܘܢ. ‎J‏ ܓܝܪ ܟܕ ܥܠ

‎1. Ms, «exl. — 2, Ms. om.

‎you are forgetting God's ‘high and] constant right hand, which saved you
and delivered that adversary and foeman into your hands, faithless thoughts
have gained control of you »; and, « The land of the inightiness of that
Exalted one is more worthy of confidence for your protection than that of
Achish the barbarian. It seems to me that the words escape your memory
which you vourself ... smg by the Holy Spirit, which, T believe, run : ‘Many
are the tribulations of the righteous, and the Lord will deliver them out of
them all. The Lord preserveth all their bones, and not one of them shall be
broken’; aud again, ‘The Lord will deliver the souls of his own bondmen' ' »?
In answer to these things David would say, « Listen, my daughter, and
inetine. thine car ?. [| know the purport of the spiritual songs that were
sung by me better than. you : but ] also know the God of all, wlio beyond
all hope snatches his own peculiar bondmen out of all dangers ?, and again,
exercising them, also leaves them [ὁ adopt plans derived from human thouglits,
and weapons drawn from nature, in order that they may also flee and choose
to suffer everything, and not betray God, and do aught that distresses him.
If we trusted to his help and were incapable of falling, uot weakening in

‎1. Ps. xxxi, 20, 21, 23, — 2. Id., XLIV, 1l. — 3. χίνδννοι.
