‎LXI. — TO THE CONVENTS OF VIRGINS. 341‏ ,169[
ܕܫܝܘܠ ܠܐ ܙ ܣܢܘܢܗ̇ܿ. ܘܟܐܦܐ ‎Jo‏ ܠܬܡܣܬܬܘܬܐ ܘܠܩܟܝܥܘܬܐ ܕܬܘܕܝܬܐܼ ‎pli‏
‎«οι‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܠܬܪܥܝܬܐ ܬܪܝܕ ܬܐ ܘܚܠܫܡܬܐ ܕܗܝܡܢܘܬܐܼ ܥܕܬܐ ܝܕܥܐ ܡܠܬܐ ..
ܗܟܢܐ ‎μοανορᾶ νο‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܘܕܝܢ ‎TN‏ ܝܕܥܐ ܥܕܬܐ. ܘܟܕ ܠܗܕܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܠܡܠܟܬܐ
ܘܒܬܘܠܬܐ ܕܒܡܦܬܟܘܬ ‎Bal‏ ܕܗ̈ܒܒܐ: ‎[Nase‏ ܡܠܠܟܝܬܐ ܡܥܛܦܐ. ܘܡܛܠ
ܗܕܐ ‎LAC‏ ܘܚܒܫܒܐܝܬܐ ܡܟܝܪܐ ܠܡܶܡܠܟܐ: ܘܣ̈ܓܚܐܬܐ ܢܦܫ̈ܬܐ ܒ̈ܬܘܠܬܐ ܡܟܢܫܝܐ:
ܘܠܘܬ ܕܘܡܝܪܘܿ ܘܬܚܘܝܬܐ ܕܚ̈ܫܝܗ̇ ‎[Em‏ ° ܢܓܕܐ܂. ‎ras‏ ܗܘܐ ‎Jh‏ ܕܘܝܕ ‎oà‏
‏ܬܡܝܗܐ ܒܢ̈ܒܝܐ ܐܡܪ ‎Jon‏ ܢܐ ܠܢ ܠܡܿܡܠܟܐ ‎JINORS‏ ܒܬܪܗܿ. ܚܘ̈ܝܬܝܢ ܗܟܝܠ
ܐܦ ܐܢܬܝܢ ܒܝܕ ܐܝܠܝܢ ‎T‏ ܘܣܥܪܕ̈ܬܝܢ: ܟܕ ܚܝ̈ܐ ܕܒܬܘܠܘܬܐ ܘܡ̈ܠܐܟܝܐ
ܓܒ̈ܝܬܝܢ: ܘܕܡܚܪܪܝܢ ܡܝܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܗܘ̈ܠܬܝܬܐ,. ܕܒܬܐ ܡܠܝܟܬܐ ܘܒܬܘܠܬܐܼ

‏ܩܕܡܝܬܐ ܥܕܬܐ ‎NI EL‏ ܚ̈ܙܝܚܢ ‎σοι‏ ܠܐ ܬܗܦܟܢ ܚܘܪܟܝܢ7. ‎E i V‏ ܕܝܝܢ
ܢܛܘܪܘܬܐ ܠܘܬܗ ܚܪܝܦܐܝܬ ܘܙܗܝܪܐܝܬ ܘܩܒܫܝܥܐܝܬ ܚܘܙ̈ܝܝܢ ‎θὰ waaslle,‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ
ܕܟܕ ܩܕ̈ܝܒܝܢ ܐܢܬܝܢ.. ‎ee‏ ܠܗܝܟܝܠܐ ܕܡܿܝܠܟܐ:. ‎où‏ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎δὲ JN‏
ܕܡܣܬܟܝܐ܆. ‎Lai” Naso‏ ܗܘ ܝܕܘܥܬܢܐ. ܡܛܠ ܗܽܘ ܕܬܘܒܙ ‎oo‏ ܟܕ ‎Les οοι‏
‎«xl‏ ܩܕܝܫ ܗܘ ܗܝܟܠܡ ܘܬܐܡܝܗ ܒܙܕܝܩܘܬܐ. ܡܬ ܬܡܙܘ ܡܶܢ ܓܚܝܪ ‎pl τὰ‏

‎1. Ms. ‏ܠܗ‎ . — 2, Ms. «δα».

‎revail against it » ' ; and he called the firmness and fixity of such a confession
o ? 0

‎a rock. And, as speech knows a right and ‏.ܓ‎ 00 on laith as a
church, so it also knows the believers who confess it as a chureh. And
David the wonderful amoug prophets, depicting this church beforeliand as
a queen and a virgin clad in various kinds of flowers and in royal excel-
lencies, and for this reason all the more and? iu loving fashion espousod to
the king, and gathering many virgin souls, and attracting them to her
pattern and the example of her chaste life, said, « Virgins shall go to the
king after her »?. You also therefore showed by your writings and acts,
after choosiug the virgin and angelic life, that is [ree [rom all material
things, that you are walking after the queen aud first virgin, the church.
See therefore that you turn not your looks away, but with all diligence
look intently and securely aud fixedly at her, and cleave to her, in order
that, being hard by, you may enter the. king's temple, which is the expected
rest. and the suprasensual bridal-chamber, concerning which the same
prophet again said, « Holy is thy temple, and wonderful in righteousness »' :

‎1. Matth, xvr, 16, 18. — 2. This is perh. corrupt. — 3. Ds, XLIV, 15. — (1 [ανν Lxtv, 5, 6.

‎* 117 r* h.

‎* 117 ¥” a.
