‎LVL — TO CAESARIA. 337‏ ]1051[
ܥܘܕܪܢܐ ‎Des‏ ܬܟܝܥܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ: ܠܐ ܡܬܢܦ̈ܠܢܐ ܗ̇ܘܝܢ: ܟܕ ܐܦܠܐ ܡܕܡ ܡܢ ܢܦܝܢ!
ܡܬܛܪܦܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ ܐܘ ܐܟܚܕܐ ܡܥܠܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ.. ܕܠܐ ܐܓܪܐ ‎oh)‏ ܗܘܬ ‎ea‏
‏ܡܝܬ ܪܘܬܐ. ܡܐܠܘܢ ‎«οὐ‏ ܐܦܠܐ ܐܬܪܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܡܦܠܚ ܟܠ ܟܠܗ ܘܠܐ ܡܕܡ .
ܐܘ ܡܘܢ 900 ܡܝܢ ‎aan μ.μ‏ ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܡܘܐ ‎où‏ ܪܒܐ
‎Sn‏ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ܡܢ ܡܿܠܟܐ ‎«pe‏ ܘܠܝܼܪܩ,. ܘܬܘܬܒܐ ܗܼܘܐ ܒܐܪܥܐ ܕܡܕܝܢ ܐܪ̈ܒܥܝܢ
‎“sis‏ ܘܬܘܒ ܗܼܦܟ ‎xp‏ ܘܡܡܫܢܐ ܡܿܥܒܪ ‎AS‏ ܠܕܚܠܬܐ ܠܘܬ ‎LS‏
‏ܘܒܙ̈ܓܕܐ ܪܕܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܽܘ ܥܨܝܝܐ ܘܠܐ ܡܬܐܛܦܝܣܢܐ. ܒܝܕ ܐܬܘܳܬ| ܗܠܝܢ | ܡܬ]ܕܡܪ̈ܢܝܬ |.
‎2óo‏ [ ܡܢ ܐܝܬܝܪܘ̇ ܗܘܬ ܕܡܝܬܪܘܬܗ ‎caeso)‏ ܝܕܝܥܐ [ܗܿܝ] ܕܥܪܘܩܝܗ ‎où‏ ܕܥܕܪܩ:
ܡܛܠ ‎alis,‏ ܫܪܒܬܗ ‎Ka‏ ܕܡܬܠܘܠܝܢ ܗܘܘ: ܢܥܠ ܥܘܕܪܢܐ ܟܐܢܐ. ܗܕܐ ܕܝܢ
‎ak]‏ ܗܘܬ . ܕܚܝܠܬܢܘܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ: ܡܬܚܘܝܢܘܬܐ ‎Jh‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܪܘܖܪ̈ܒܬܐ܀
ܘܐܠܝܐ ܕܝܢ ‎oben) où‏ ܟܕ ܕܚܕܠ ܡܢ ܠܘܚܡܐ ܕܐܝܙܒܠ ܐܢܬܬܐ ‎οὖν‏ ܐܣܝܘܛܝܐ
‎καθὸ‏ ܥܪܘܩܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ :. ‎où‏ ܕܠܥܢ̈ܢܐ ‎Suis ASE kae‏ ܘܦܝ̈ܬܐ ‎“Rave‏
‏ܘܒܟܘܪܢܐ ‎2e‏ ܗܘܐ ‎fs}‏ ܘܬܘܒ ܒܡܠܬܐ ܐܚܬ ܗܘܐ ܡܝܛܝܪܐ܀ ܐܠܐ ܐܦ
ܦܘܠܘܣ ‎où‏ ܣܓܝܐܐ 161}5{ ܘܒܝܬܕܡܕ̈ܬ|. ܡܢ ܬܠܡܝ̈ܕܐ ܗܳܢܘܢ ܕܒܕܡܐܣܝܩܘܣ

‎1. Ms. ins. $9.

‎anything of ourselves or contributing anything, the virtue would be without
reward; or rather! there would be no room at all to perform anything what-
ever, or to show any kind of success ».

‎For this reason therefore Moses 6 great was afraid of the king of
Egypt and fled, and became a sojourner in the land of Midian for 40 years,
and again he returned to Egypt, and transfers the fear to tlie king, and he
chastised that obstinate and disobedient man with plagues by means of the
marvellous signs. [And the one! was the elfect of the virtue of Moses,
that is [the affair] of the flight by which he lled, in order to bring just
help to his countrymen who were being oppressed, while the other was
the effect of the mightiness of God, the display ofthe great wonders.

‎And Elijah the prophet, fearing the threat of Jezebel, the wife of that
prodigal? and impious man, was a fugitive, he who bound tle clouds for
three years and six montlis, and dried up the land with drought, and again
by a word brought down rain. But Paul also, the great in signs and wou-
ders, was let down from the wall in a basket? by the disciples im Damascus

‎1. μᾶλλον. — 2. ἄσωτος. — 3. σπυρίδα.
