‎HYMNS OF SEVERUS. [148]‏ 148
ܡܠܬܐ ܘܐܠܗܐ }5 ‎y^ Jaiss κα,» Jf — «51ο μα‏ ܐܒܐ ‎oa‏
‏ܠܗ ‎pas vas‏ ܠܝܿܒ̈ܕܐ ܬܡܝ̈ܗܐ ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܣܟܼܪ. ‎ao 5ks Ko!‏
ܠܫܡܝܐ.. ܐܝܟ ܕܠܐܚܠܝܚܝܢ ܕܗܘܘ ‎Lions‏ ܡܚ ܘܐ ‎dure,‏ ܝܘܡܢܐ
ܐܠܗܘܬܗ° ‎LS ο ra‏ ܕܢܘܪܐ ‎dna Uu]‏ ܥܠ
‎Les‏ ܩܕܝ̈ܫܐ77 . ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܟܘ̈ܒܐ ܢܘܩܕܘܢ ‎εἰς αλλα‏ ܠܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܢܕܨܒ
ܡܢ ܩܕܝܡ ‎LATE? loss ti!‏ ܐܕܡ. ܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܐܦ ܐܠܼܦܘ ܠܢ ‎πα πανό‏

‎a Corr. ape pe. — b Corr. μὲς, — c Corr. ‏,ܐܠܗܘܬܐ‎ — d Corr. es (to precede). — e Corr.
‏ܐܓܢ‎ (Sic) bio. — f Marg. ‏ܕܦܐܢܛܝܩܘܣܛܝ܀ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܕܟܢܫܝܢ‎ ρα, ‏ܡܢ ܦܪܟܣܝܣ., ܘܟܕ ܡܠܬܡܠܙ ܗܘܐ‎
‏ܗܘܘ‎ (Sic) ‏ܐܟܚܕܐ. ܘܗܐ ܡܢܫܠܝ ܡܢ ܢܡܝܐ ܩܠܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܫܒܐ ܕܪܘܚܐ ܩܛܝܪܝܬܐ. ܘܡܨܠܝܗ ܠܟܠܗ ܒܝܬܐ ܐܝܟܐ ܕܐܝܬܘܢ‎ (sic)
‏ܘܢܪܝܘ‎ pate Leo) ‏ܘܝܬܒܘ ܥܠ ܟܠ ܚܕ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ.., ܘܐܬܡܨܠܝܘ ܟܠܗܘܢ‎ «ου ‏ܕܝܬܟܝܢ. ܘܐܬܚܙܝܘ ܠܗܘܢ ܠܢܢ̈ܐ ܕܡܬܦܠܓܝܢ ܐܝܟ‎
‏ܗܘܘ ܕܝܢ ܕܥܡܪܝܢ ܒܐܘܐܫܠܡ ܝܘܕ̈ܝܐ ܓܒܪ̈ܐ‎ (SiC) ‏ܝܗܒ ܗܘܙ ܠܗܘܢ ܠܡܡܠܠܘ. ܐܝܬܝܬܗܘܢ‎ |-ο ‏ܠܡܡܠܠܘ ܒܡ̈ܢܢܐ ܐ̱ܚܪ̈ܢܐ ܐܝܟ ܡܐ‎
‏ܗܘܐ ܟܠܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ‎ nas ‏ܘܐܫܕܬܓܫ. ܡܛܠ‎ De» ‏ܟܢܕܫ ܟܠܗ‎ Je ‏ܕܝܢ‎ Jon ‏ܫܡܝܐ. ܟܕ‎ Rat «Οὐδ; ‏ܢܟ̈ܦܐ ܡܢ ܟܠ ܥܡ̈ܡܐ‎
‏ܗܐ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܕܡܡܠܠܝܢ܇.‎ Dh ‏ܕܒܡܒܡܠܠܐ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ ܡܡܠܠܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗܘܢ + ܬܗܝܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܟܥܗܘܢ ܘܡܕܬܕܡܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܟܕ ܐܡܪܝܢ ܠܘܬ‎
‏ܫܡܥܝܢܢ ܟܠ ܚܕ ܡܡܠܠܐ ܕܝܠܗ ܗܽܘ ܕܒܗ ܐܬܝܕܠܕܢܢ܇ ܦܪ̈ܙܘܝܐ ܘܡ̈ܕܝܐ ܘܥܝ̈ܠܡܝܙ. ܘܗܿܢܘܢ‎ ue ‏ܘܐܝܟܢܐ‎ = (SIC) jux, (sic) ‏ܐܝܬܘܢ‎
‏ܒܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ‎ .9[o ‏ܒܡܨܪܝܢ‎ -(SiC) ‏ܪܘܓܝܐ ܘܒܦܝܦܘܠܝܐ‎ Aso] ‏ܕܥܡܪܝܢ ܒܡܨܥܬ ܢܗܪ̈ܘܐܐ. ܘܒܝܗܘܕ ܘܒܩܦܕܘܩܝܐ܇ ܒܦܢܛܣ ܘܒܐܣܝܙ܇‎
paso ‏ܫܡܥ[ܫ]ܢܢ‎ speso ‏ܝܘ̈ܕܝܐ ܘܓܝܘܪ̈ܐ ܩܪ̈ܛܝܐ‎ .[Sie) ‏ܕܐܬܘ ܡܢ ܪܘܡܫܐ‎ «audio ‏ܗܳܝ ܕܩܪܝܒܐ ܠܩܘܪܝܢܝ‎ (sic) casa. —

‎g Corr. Lies.

‎1. A marg. παραχλητου. — 2. A sing.

‎understanding when the one Godhead of the Trinity! was revealed. But,
when the Word and God became incarnate and became man on our behalf
without variation, he showed himself equal to thee, Father, through the
wonderful Works ichich he did; and, l'after he has? ascended to heaven, lie
shows? plainly to-day, as to men who have become perfect, the Godhead
of the Spirit, the Paraclete, which in !he shape of tongues lof fire* rested
«nd. abode upon the holy apostles?, in order that they might burn and destroy
the thorns, which the transgression of our father Adam planted aforetine ; they

‎1. Corr. * did not vel understand the Godhead of the Trinily when il”. — 2. Corr. * having ". —
3. Corr, * reveals ἢ — 4. Corr. * fiery '. —5. Acls. 11, 1-11. « And, when the day of Pentecost was being
fultilled, they were all gathered together, and lo! suddenly from heaven a voice as of the blowing of
a slrong wind, and il filled all the house where tliey were sitting. And there appeared to lliem cloven
Longues like fire, and they sat upon each one of them. And they were all filled with the Holy Spirit
and began to speak in other tongues as the Spirit gave them to speak. And there were dwelling iu
Jerusalem Jews, devout men from all peoples of those under heaven. But, when the voice happened,
all tlie. people gathered Logether and were confounded, because each of Ihem heard them speaking
in their own speech. They were all amazed and wondered saying, * Lo! are noi all thal speak Gali-
leans? and how d we hear each his own speech wherein we were born. Parthians and Medes and
Elamiles, and they that dwell in Mesopotamia, and in Judaea and in Cappadocia, in Pontus and in
Asia. (and in] Phrygia and in Pamphylia, in Egypt and also in Lhe regions of Libya thai is near Csrene
and they that have come from Rome, Jews and proselyles, Cretans and Arabians, we hear eic'. »

