[53] ON THE NATIVITY. 53

ܘܡܫܡܠܝܐܝܬ ܐܬܒܪܢܫ ܒܛܚܒܘܬܗ. ܟܠܝܢ ܢܘܕܐ ‎SN où lwa-dofs lex‏
‎"ή‏ ܕܟܬܒ ܗܘܐ ܒܡܠܦܢܘܬܗ ‎vele‏ ܠܝܘܬ ‎I ses‏ ܕܝܢ ܐܬ ܐ ܡܘܠܝܗ
ܕܙܒܢܐ ‎is‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܠܒܪܗ ‎Jose‏ ܡܢ ܐܢܬܬܐ. ܣܗ̇ܕ ܓܝܪ ܒܛܝܢܐ ܐܦ ܡܘܠܕܐ ‎où‏
‎fous‏ ܠܚܡ ܠܙܪ̈ܘܪܐ:. ‎Gas‏ ܕܡܬܒܣܪܢܘܬܐ. ܠܝܡܚܬܬܐ ܕܝܢ »2 ܕܠܐ ܓܫܘܡ
‎loot‏ ܡܢ ܪܘܡܐ + ܣܘܝ" ܟܘܟܒܐ ‎où‏ ܕܐܬܚܙܝ ܗܘܐ ‎Ja es‏ ܡܟܝܪܙܐ ܠܗ ܕܝܢ
ܕܐܠܗܐ ܗܘ. ܐܦ ܠܒܘܢܬܐ ܕܡܬܩܝܪܒܐ ܠܗ ܐܝܟ ܕܠܐܠܗܐ. ܣܗܿܕ ܕܝܢ ܠܐܘܚܕܢܗ ‎où‏
‏ܕܥܠ ܟܘܠܐ.,. ܕܗܒܐ ‎où‏ ܕܐܬܩܖܬܪܒܥ ܠܗ :5&2 ܗܘܐ ܩܕܡ ܪ̈ܓܠܝܘܗܝ ܐܝܟ ܡܿܠܟܐ.
‎ο»‏ ܕܝܝܢ ܦܪܘܩܝܐ ‎Num où‏ ܚܠܦܝܢ ܒܒܣܪ: ‎fn] [ao‏ ܕܗܘܼܐ ‎JS‏
‏ܒܝܕ ܩܒܘܪܬ| ܡܕܥܒܕܬ݀ ‎LL‏ ܪܝܚܐ ܒܣܝܡܐ ܕܡܘܪܐ ‎Jes Pec‏ ܒܝܕ ܟܠܗܝܢ
ܗܟܝܠ: ‎οὖν‏ ܕܐܦ ܒܗ ܒܣ ܘܪܩܐ ܡܬܬܚܙܐ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎iso‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܠܐܠܗܐ
‎Ι͵μ‏ ܢܒܪܘܟ ܘܢ ܣܓܘܕ. ܟܝܕ ܬܘܒܩܝܢܐ ܙܝ ܐ ‎Ads‏ ܡܢܗ ܘܪ̈ܚܡܲܝܘܗܝ
ܣܝ̈ܓܝܐܐ܀

ܝܐ - - ܝ݀ܡ —,— ܢܕܡܥ ܡܢܙ ‎Nas‏ ܡܪܝܙ ‎iMm) το‏ ܡܢ ܙܪܥܝܐ ܕܓܒܝܪܐ ܗܘܼܐ
ܒܛܝܢܐ ܒܟܪܣܗ̇ ܕܡܐܪܝܐܡ ° ‎LS {σοκ‏ ܐܠܗܐ ,+ ‎Jo‏ ܗܘܐ ܓܒܪܐܝܠ ܡܠܐܟܐ

a Marg. EX ‏ܐܓܪܬܐ ܨ ܕܠܘܬ‎ (ej. — b Marg. SR ‏ܡܬܝ‎ [sy 555 ‏ܨܬܦܛܥܝܬܐ ܕܡܝܓܘܢܐ ܨܘ)ܥܠ‎
1. B. ‏.ܦܬܠܘܣ‎ — 2, B ‏ܐܪܝܡ‎

confess like Paul the teacher οἵ mysteries, who wrote in his teaching and
said to the peoples, « But, when the fuluess of time was come, God sent his
For the eonception and the true birth
with the swaddling-elothes bear witness to the truth of the Inearnation:

Son aid he was born of a woman » ‘.
while to the deseent without a body from on high witness? is borne by the
star which appeared to the Magi; and that he is God the frankincense also
that is offered to him as to a god proclaims; while the gold that was offered
him which was placed before his feet as a king bears witness 10 his power over
all; and the saving Passion which he endured on our behalf in the flesh 1
the annihilation of corruption by the life-giving burial were prefigured by
the sweet smell of myrrh. In virtue of them all therefore let us bless and
worship him who even in his very exinanition 15 shown to be full, asking of
him forgiveness of sins and his greal mercy.

11 — xi — VII. — « We will hear what the Lord our God shall speak » 5
τ — That the conception in the womb of Mary the Virgin the God-bearer was
without 1110 seed of a man the angel Gabriel bore witness, who was re-

1. Gal. rv, 4. — 2. Matth. τι, 2, 11, — 3. Ps. LXXXV, 9.
