‎HYMNS OF SEVERUS. 1221‏ 52
ܕܒܪܝܫܝܬ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܡܠܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܘܐܒܐ: ܟܕ ܠܐ ܢܝܚ ܡܢ ܗܺܝ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܐܠܗܐ܂
ܟܠܗ ܐܸܬܠܝܼܪܝ ܒܟܪܣܘܿ ܕܡܐܪܝܐܡ | ܒܬܘܠܬܐܼ ‎LS‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܠܐ ‎Rois ko‏ ܠܘ ܟܕ
ܚܝ̈ܠܘܬܐ ‎Loss‏ ܐܙܝܥ. ܐܠܐ ܒܝ̣ܫܠܝܐ ܘܠܥܠ ܡܝܢ ܡܠܬܐ ܠܗܕܐ ‎je‏ ܗܘܐ.
ܘܟܕ ܐܬܚܝܕ ܩܢܘܡܐܝܬ ‎Jim‏ ܩܕܝܫܐ ‎Haas‏ ܐܝܬ ܠܗ ‎Las Jon. JR Άσο‏
ܡܫ̈ܠܡܢܐ ܕܠܐ ܫܘܚܠܦܐ. ‎Je hos‏ ܡܪ ܕܐܘܝܢ* ܟܕ ܡܬܢܒܐ ܗܘܐ 360 ‎AR‏
‎“aus‏ ܐܝܟ ܡܛܛܝܪܐ ܥܠ ‎hoc JYK‏ ܐܦ ܝܝܘܚܝܢܝܢ ‎Mask‏ ܗܘܐ ܬܘܒ
ܠܡܟܼܬܒܘ ‎oies‏ ܟܕ ܐܟܪܙ ܘܐܡܼܝܪ. ܕܡܝܠܬܐ” ‎Jim‏ ܗܘܼܐ ܘܐܓܝܢ ܒܝܢ. ܗܕܐ
ܓܒܪܐܝܠ ‎pam‏ ܠܒܬܘܠܬܐ ܟܕ ‎ο ου ο‏ ܛܝܒܝܘܬܐ. ‎Lise‏
‏ܥܡܟܝ ܒܪܝܟܬ ܒܢ̈ܫܐ. ܠܗ ܘܚܢܢ ‎sus‏ ܘܢܘܕܐ. ܐܝܟ ܡܿܢ ܕܐܝܝܬܘܗܝ ܦܪܘܩܗ

‏ܕܓܢܣܝܢ ܡܥܝܚܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܥܠ ܟܠ܀
ܝ — 5 — ܘ — ܟܕ ܡܦܢܐ ܡܪܝܙ ܢܒܝܬܙ ܕܨܗܝܘܢ. ‎oot‏ ܡܠܬܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܠܥܠ ܡܢ ܡܠܬܐ

‏ܐܝܟ ‎Γκαν Nose [ases oi] Lsy‏ ܘܡܢ ܪܘܚܝܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܘܡܢܗ̇ ܕܐܘܣܝܐ
ܕܒܬܘܠܬܐ ܡܠܝܬ݀ ܛܘ̈ܒܐ: ܕܠܐ ܫܘܚܠܦܐ ‎oo‏ ܡܢ ‎ο. 5) JR ds‏

‎a Marg. illegible note, no doubt .. ‏ܡܙܡܘܙܐ ܗܽܘ ܕ .ܥܒ‎ qo. — b Marg. iem aol ‏ܨܝܘܚܢܢ ܨ‎ eo. —
c Marg. (1eex ‏ܐܨܘܢܓܠܝܘܢ‎ ge. — ἃ Marg. ‏ܕܝܚ.‎ οὗ ‏ܡܢ ܡܙܡܘܐܐ‎ .

‎1. B ‏ܐܕܝܡ‎

‎the womb of Mary the Virgin the God-bearer. Not by stirring up hosts of
heavenly beings did he this, but silently and in ἃ manner inexpressible; and,
having been hypostatieally united to holy flesh with an intelligent soul, he
became perfect man without variation. Of this David sang beforehand when
he prophesied and cried, « Ile shalf come dowu like rain upon a fleece » '.
This John also was inspired moreover to write in his Gospel-teaching when
he proclaimed and said, « The Word became flesh and dwelt among us » *.
This Gabriel aunounced to the Virgin when he said, « llail to thec, thou that
art highly favoured! The Lord is with thee, blessed among women » ?.
ΠῚ let us also praise und confess, inasmueh as he is the Saviour of our race,
Christ, God over all.

‎I0 — x — VI. — « When the Lord turned again the captivity of Zion » 5
— That God the Word in à manner inexpressible as he willed it « bowed
the heaveus and eame down »? to us, and of the IIoly Spirit and of the very
essence (οὐσία) of the most blessed Virgin without variation aud. without all
sin became incarnate and became perfeetly man by his grace let us all

‎l. ls. ελλ, 6. — ‏ܠ‎ John t, 11. -- 3. Luke 1, 28. — 4. Ps. Cxxv, 1. — 5. Ps. xvui, 10.

