‎ΠΥΜΝ5 OF SEVERUS. 148]‏ 48
ܠܐ ܡܣܝܬܝܟ ‎Jo‏ ܡܝܢ ܟܐܐ .. ܐܪܟܢ ‎λας,‏ ܘܢܝܼܚܬ ܒܕ̈ܚܝܡܼܘܗܝ ܠܐܪܥܐ
ܠܘܬܢ. ܘܠܐ ܡܣܬܝܟܢܐܝܬ ‎Ci)‏ ܒܡܿܪܒܥ ܐ ܒܬܘܠܝܐ ܠܥܠ ܡܝܢ ܡܠܬܐ. ܘܟܕ
ܐܬܒܝܣܪ ܡܢܗ̇ ܕܠܐ ܫܘܚܠܦܐ.. ܐܝܟ ܢܡܘ̈ܣܐ ‎Lie:‏ ܡܬܝܠܢ. ‎Lame Lolo‏
ܠܢܡ̈ܡܘܣܐ ܕܟܝܢܐ ܥܠܒ . ܐܬܒܛܛܝܢ ܓܝܪ ܒܬܕܡܘܪܬܐ ܐܝܟ ‎«Jas‏ ܘܠܙܒܢܐ ‎Lis‏
‎e‏ ܕܝܪ̈ܚܐ ‎sl‏ ܐܠܐ ‎ass‏ ܠܐܣܪܐ ܘܛܒ̈ܥܐ ܚܬܝ̈ܡܐ ܕܒܬܘܠܘܬܐ ‎οδοί;‏ ܠܐ
ܣܝܼܕܩ. ܘܠܐ .5-5 ܕܐܝܟܢ. ܐܢܗܼܘ ܓܝܪ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܥܡܢܘܐܝܠ ‎Dolls où‏ ܚܼܠܕܗܼ
‎JI‏ ܡܬܕܪܟܢܐ ܗܘ. ‎Lio‏ ܕܬܕܡܘܪܬܐ ܕܐܝܟ ܗܕܐ .. ܠܐ ܡܬܩܕܡܢܐ ܗܘ. ‎Lo‏ ܘܟܝܠ
ܥܡ ܡܓܘ̈ܫܐ': ܟܕ ܡܢ ܟܘܟܒܐ ܕܢܝܼܘܗܪܐ ܡܬܢܔܕܝܢܢ ܠܡܣܩ ܠܫܡܝܐ ‎Loss‏
‎UJ 2n‏ ܢܒܪܘܟ ܘܢܣܓܘܕ ܟܠܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܠܥܒܘܕܐ ܕܫܡܝܐ ܘܕܐܪܥܐ. ܟܕ ܡܣܩܝܢܢ
‎Li sas‏ ܕ̈ܚܡܼܡܘܗܝ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ܘܛܝܒܘܬܗ ܕܠܘܬܢ܀
‎οἱ‏ — ܗ — ‎bis — ue‏ ܢܪܒܼܝܢܝ ܘܡܕܡ ܠܐ ܢܚܣܪ ܠܝ܀ ܪܶܠܫܐ ‎᾿ς πῶ‏ ܫܡܝܢܝܐ ܘܪ̈ܘܝܢܐ:
ܘܥܒܘܕܐ ܕܟܠܗ̇ ‎Jus‏ ܡܬܝܕܥܢܝܬܐ ܘܡܬܪܓܥܢܝܬܐ܂̇ ܟܕ ܡܢ ܪܘܚܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܘܡܢ
‎ls‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܡܐܪܝܐܡ ‎εἰ‏ ܐܬܒܝܿܣܪ ܕܠܐ ܫܘܚܠܦܐ ܘܐܬ݀ܒܪܢܫ.. ܛܠܝܐ ܙܥܘܪܐ ܐܬܝܠܢ

‎a Mare. pem]? ‏ܡܨܛܪܡܛܼܘܐ ܐ(¡ ܗܽܘ‎ «30. — b Marg. ‏ܐܘܢܓܥܝܘܢ ܕܡܬܝ‎ .

‎1. B xs.

‎Son and Word of God, who filleth all things, but is not himself confined and
contained by all things, « bowed the heavens and came down »' in his
mercy to us on earth, and was contained without being confined in a
virgin's womb in a mauner inexpressible. Maving become incarnate from
her without variation, he is born accordiug to the laws of conception; and
by au innovation he overcame tlie laws of nature : for he was conceived as
a babe by a miracle, and fulfilled the time of nine months’ conception; but
by his birth he did not burst the bond and the closed seals of his mother's
virginity. Ask not how : for, if he is Emmanuel who was born, his birth is
incomprehensible, and the manner of such a miracle is past finding out?.
Being led therefore by the star of light to go up to heaven with the eyes of
our mind, let us all with the Magi? bless and worship him as Maker of hea-
ven and Οἱ earth, offering praise to his great mercy and his grace toward us.

‎5 — v — VIII. — > The Lord shall feed me and I shall want nothing »°.
— The Shepherd of the heavenly spiritual hosts and Maker of all creation,
suprasensual aud perceived by the senses, having become incarnate
without variation of the loly Spirit and of the God-bearer Mary aud

‎1. Ps. xviij, 10. — 2. This meaning of ‏ܡܬܩܕܡܢܐ‎ is unknown to the lexieons. — 3. Matth. 11, 11. —
2 Ps. XXHI1, 1.

