6 PREFACE. [6]

as 1 am aware, agree), and many others are added: and they are no doubt
recensions made for liturgical purposes. which also appears from the fact
that the hymns are arranged according to the 8 tones to which they were
set : whence the collection 18 often known as the Octoechus, though in the
two chief MSS. the tones are not mentioned except in a few places, where
they seem to be later additions'. None of these later recensions contains
the prosphoric hymns?. The corrections and painted letters are not found
in B, except in part of ‏ܬܠܬ‎ 131 and 132; but, as D often gives a. better
text than À, Wright's conclusion that A 1s an autograph of James cannot
be accepted, though from the handwriting it cannot be much later, while
B is of the 9" cent.

The chief value of the work of James however lies in the faet that he
gives the scriptural references in full in the margin, thus supplying a new
source for the criticism of the sacred text. [n the NT. the citations are all
from the Peshito except in some passages from the Aets, where another text
seems to have been used, while in the OT. they are sometimes from the
Peshilo, sometimes from tlie LXX, sometimes from neither, and 1 cannot trace
any principle except that in Genesis they are from P, in the rest of ilie law
from LXX, in Job and in the books not contained in the Hebrew from LXX.
in Daniel from ''heodotion, and in Isaiah in the earlier hvmns generally from
P. in the later generally from LXN?. In the Syriae. text [ have given all
citations in full; but in tlie translation, where ihev come from P, I have
given only the variations from Loe's text, exeept in the Psalms, where
1 have used that of Barnes, and the Gospels. where 1 have used that of
Gwilliam as tle standard. The citations are always from P except where the
contrary is stated : in such cases they are translatel in full. In B, except in
hymns 131, 132, only references, not citations, are given. This is some-
times done bv A also, and in tliese cases I add the words * not quoted '.

Of the liturgieal MSS. 1 have used Brit. Mus. Add. 14,514, 17,136.
18,819, 17,140, 14,713, 17,273, and the Cambridge, Paris, and Vatican
MSS., for photographs of the last two of which 1 am indebted to the kindness
of M* Graffin, but I have not excopt in a few places given their variants. The

variants of À Ἐ have given throughout. but, to save space. | have not gene-
c v

1. For the sake of comparison with other recensions 1 have given the tone ‘third
of the numbers preceding the text), wherever | could learn it from other MSS.

3. Α few are in Brit. Mus. Add. 18,819, but in another version.

3. Α James’ own recension was made later, we cannot expect any connexion with it,
nor, as far as] Lave been to compare it, have 1 found any. In very few cases there is
some resemblance to the Syriac Hexaplar.
