‎LIVES OF TWO ANTIOCIIENES. 173‏ ]519[
ܕܒܠܠܝܐ ܐܣܒ ܠܝ ‎Lo [ass [i32‏ . ܘܐܦܘܩ ܠܩܪܝܬܐ ‎INIT e‏ ܘܟܕ
ܐܢܐ ܠܡ ܩܡܬ ܒܠܠܝܐ ‎so Jen‏ ܕܝܠܢ ܕܪ̈ܟܫܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ
ܒܗ ܕܐܣܒ ܘܐܦܘܩ ܐܝܟ ‎easily‏ ܘܟܕ ‎RAS‏ ܠܬܐܪܥܐ܂. ܚܪܬ ܘܚܠܙܝܬ ‎Lay‏
‎Jas JL.‏ ܕܢܦܩܝܢ ܡܢ “ܨܠܦܐ ܕܬܪܥܐ ܘܡܝܢ ‎*.Jàs‏ ܘܟܕ ‎ML‏ ܡܢ ܪܘܚ ܟܐ
ܘܙ݀ܥܬ ‎ο ολο lame‏ ܕܝܠܢ ‎Né Tcov‏ ܕܝܢ ܐܪܝܩܬ ‎exo‏ ܨܠܦܐ
ܕܬܪܥܐ܂. ‎Je NE‏ ܚܕ ܡܣܟܢܐ ‎obe)‏ ܥܠ ܙܒܠܐ ܕܒܥܚܝܪܐ ‎x»‏ ܗܘܐ
ܥܠܘܗܝ ‎iso‏ ܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ‎SATA‏ ܘܡܝܢ ‎HAS‏ ܘܡܢ ܟܠ ܚܕܐ ܡܢ
ܕܒ̈ܥܬܗ'܂. ܢܦܩܝܢ ܙ"ܠܝܩܐ ܕܢܘܪܐ: ܘܢܗܝܪ ܟܠܗ ܒܝܬܐ ܥܬܝܕܐܝܬ.! ܘܟܕ ܚܝܙܝܬ
ܘܐܡܗܐ. ܘܐܡܪܬ ܠܛܝ̈ܠܝܐ ܕܥܡܝ: ‎dy‏ ܚ݀ܿܙܝܢ (ܐܢܬܘܢ)° ܠܢܘܗܪܐ ‎ans oh‏
ܘܐܡܪܘ ܕܡܕܡ ܠܐ ‎Naso pou"‏ ܠܐܣܬܛܒ̈ܠܪܐ ܕܢܩܘܡܘܢ ܘܢܝܦܬܚܘܢ ܬܪܥܐ. ܘܟܕ
‎JM sas‏ ܡܣܟܢܐ ܗܽܘܢ. ‎Ίνα‏ ܢܦܢܗ ܥܠ ܙܒܠܐ ܗܽܘ. ܘܡܝܢ ܟܕܘ ܛܟܠܝܪ ܗܘܐ ܗܼܘ
‎où‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܐܦ ܫܠܝܚ ܗܘܐ ܘܪ̈ܘܩܥܐ ܒܠܚܘܕ ‎gras‏ ܗܘܐ . ܘܐܦܝܝܣ
‎ολων‏ ܡܛܠ ܐܢܢܩܐ ܕܩܘܪܫܐ ܕܣܬܘܐ.. ܕܢܗܘܐ ‎"sedo NU‏ ܢܦܫܗ ܒܙܒܠܐ'

‎1. Ms. with points... — 3. Ms. with points : .- - 3. Ms. ins. ‏ܐܢܬ‎ deleted. — 4. Ms. ‏ܕܟܥܬܗ‎ — 5. Ms.
om. — 6. Ms, bo. — 7. Ms. with stop following.

‎slaves, and go out to the village before daylight. And, when I on my side
had risen during the night to go down to our stable (στάθλον) in which were
many horses to take some and go out as I had been ordered, and when 1 had
arrived at the door, I looked and saw alarming rays of light coming out from
the chinks of the door and from the windows: and, having seen it from a
distance and heen frightened and thought that our stable (στάθλον) was on
fire, 1 eried out. And 1 ran and looked through the chiuks of the door, and
I saw a poor man standing on the horses' dung on which he used to sleep
with his hands stretched out to heavén, and rays of light proceeding from
his mouth and from each of his fingers, and the whole building riehly lighted.
And, having seen aud marvelled, 1 then said to the slaves with me, « Do
(you)! see that glorious light?» — And they said « We have not seen any-
thing ». And 1 eried to the stablemen (στκθλάριος) to rise and open the door.
And, when that poor man heard my voice, he threw himself upon that
dung, and had already buried himself, since he was in fact naked, and was
clad in rags only, and he had begged the stablemen (σταδλάριος) on account
of the severity (ἀνάγχ) of the cold of winter that he might come iu aud bury
himself in the horses! dung, in order that he might warm himself in it and

‎1. Ms. on.
