[511] LIVES OF TWO ANTIOCIIENES. 171

ܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܒܕܟܝܘܬܐ ܘܩܕܝܫܘܬܐ ܕܒܬܘܠܘܬܐ ܠܕ ‎μοι‏ ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܡܠܠܝ! ‎opas‏
‏ܘܠܐ ܬܬܟܠܝܢ.” ܐܢܐ ܠܡ ܓܝܪ ܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ ܫܝܿܡܥܬ.. ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ‎Ns‏ ܘܐܬܬܙܝܥܬ.
ܘܝܕܥܝܬ ‎"Jesi‏ ܪ̈ܘܚܢܐ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ ܘܝ̈ܕܥܝ ܟܣ̈ܝܬܐ ‎cor ook!‏ ܕܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ
ܢܝܬ ܬܘܒ ܟܕ ܐܡܪܐ ܠܗ. ‎was‏ ܠܝ ܐ̱ܚܝ݀ ܕܝܠܟ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܪܝܫܢܘܬܐ ܐܢܬ
ܡܠܠ.? ‎oa‏ ܠܡ ܬܘܒ ‎pas‏ ܠܗ̇ ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪ: ܕܕܠܐ ܚܪܝܢ ܚܬܝ ‎Se‏ ܥܡܗ..
‎RL ο‏ ܘܗܟܢܙܐ ܠܫܡ ܐܡܬܗ ܕܡܫܚܝܝܐ ‎Mons‏ ܒܬ ܐܢ̈ܚܬܐ ‎wel, Lx‏
ܠܘܬܝ. ܥܠ ܥܠܡܐ ܘܥܠ ܛܥܝܘܬܗ. ܘܥܠ ܟܠܗܝܢ 3 ‎"al.‏ ܘܐܒܕܢܗܘܢ
‎vo: —Q‏ ܒܪܘ: ܘܬܘܒ ܥܠ ‎opiso al.‏ ܘܥܠ ‎Hs‏ ܕܥܬܝܕ: ‎Lan)‏ ܐܢܐ
ܠܡ ܘܗܢܘܢ.. ܒܕܡ̈ܥܐ ܕܚܝ̈ܢܓܬܐ ܘܒܡܠܬܐ ܕܚܝ̈ܐ ‎uso;‏ ܕܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ܡܬܡܠܝܠܐ
ܗܘܬ . ܢܥܕܒܪ ܐܢܝ̈ܝܢ ܠܟܠܗܝܢ ܫܡܿܘܗܝ ܕܠܠܝܐ ܗܘ ܬܗܪܐ ܗܘܐ ܓܝܪ ܠܡ ܕܚܝܠܐ
ܡܕܡ ܕܡܢ ‎ócea9‏ ܕܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ‎2à‏ ܙܝ̇ܦܩ ܗܘܐ.¢ ܒܬܪܟܢ ܕܝܢ ܟܪܐܘܢܚ ‎auf;‏
‏ܡܢ ܬܡܢ ܟܕ ܐܡܪܝܢ.. ‎lee Nil‏ ܐܚܘܢ ‎sh‏ ܚܢܢ ܢܚܬܝܢܢ ܥܕ ܚܫܘܟ..
ܕܕܠܡܬ ‎AK as)‏ ܐܘ ܢܕܥ ܒܝܢ .° ܘܗܟܢܐ ܠܡ ‎Aaa]‏ ܕܢܦܣܘܢ° ‎ss‏
‎MM‏ ܐܐܣܩ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ ܒ̈ܠܝܠܘܬܐ.° ܘܟܕ ܣܓܝܐܝܬ ‎aco] Luojoi‏ ܠܝ .° ܘܗܟܢܐ

1. Ms, Nw. — 2, Ms. with points... — 3. Corr. from 1251423 .- à. Ms. dass, but diacr. mark perh.
deleted. — 5. Ms. exi». — 6. Corr. from «92»

in the purity and holiness of virginity io the present time, therefore speak
with him, and be under no restraint. But I on liearing these things was
the more frightened and alarmed, and 1 knew that they were in truth great
spiritual persons and knowers of secrets. But the blessed woman answered
again, saying to him, ‘Pardon me, my brother. The priority is yours you
speak”. But he again enjoined her, saying, ‘Speak with him, my sister,
without contention, and be under no restraint. And so the bondmaid of
Christ began with sighs and aflliction to speak to me about the world and
about its deceitfulness, and about all its evil things and the destruction of
those who go astray in it, and again about its end and dissolution, and
about the future judgment, so that | and they spent all the hours of that
night in sobbing tears and with the word of life spoken by the same blessed
woman, for what proceeded from the month of that blessed woman was ἃ
matter to cause awe-struck astouishment. Afterwards they dismissed me
to go down from that place, saving, ‘Depart and go down, our brother, for
we also are going down while it is dark, lest anyone perceive or recognise
us’. Aud so I begged them to allow me to go up to them by night without
