[503 LIVES OF JAMES AND THÉODORE. 157

ܒܡܕܝܢܬ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ.. ܘܡܠܝܛ ܗܘܐ ܒܝܘܠܦܢܐ ܕܕܚܥܬ ܐܠܗܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎Lis‏ ܬܐܠܬ
‎ass Re‏ ܡܝܢ ܥܠܡܐ. ܘܒܬܪ ܙܒܢܐ ܬܘܒ ܥܒܕܕܘܢ ܠܐ ܢܫ ܕܫܡܗ ܗܘܐ ܦܘܠܐ܂ ܡܢ
ܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ. ܗܢܐ ܚܖ̈ܝܢܐ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܗܘܼܘ ܡܬܛܠܬܗ.. ܘܐܦ ܠܕ ‎μοι‏ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܐܬܟܕܬܒ.
‎wolo‏ ܒܬܡܕ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎ο‏ ܡܛܛܪܘܦܘܠܝܛܛܐ⁄ܐ ܠܐ ܢܫ ܕܫܡܗ ‎σοι‏ ܐܘܢܘܡܚܣ.
ܕܪܕܝܦ ܗܘܐ ܥܡ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ ܡܢܗ ܕܩܠܝܪܣ ܕܐܸܡܿܟܼ ܒܪܘ̇ ‎Mia sas‏ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ. ܘܠܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ
ܕܐܓܦܛܘܣ ܒܦܘܩܕܢܗ ‎lise:‏ ܬܐܘܕܣܝܘܣ ܦܛܪܝܪܘܐ܂. 60:33« ‎Lsa amxo|/‏
ܬܪ̈ܥܣܪ ܐܟܚܕܐ ‎ès‏ ܒܡܕܝܢܬ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ܆. ܠܡ̈ܶܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܡܬ̈ܚܠܝܦܬܐ ‎«nus,‏
‎CENE‏ ܥܡ ܩܠܝܪܘܣ ܣܓܫܐܐ. ܐܝܟ ‎oot x‏ ܦܛܪܝܪܟܐ ܬ ܐܘܕܣܝܘܣ.. ܠܐ

*

ܩܒܠ ܗܘܐ ܕܢܥܒܕ ܟܗ̈ܢܐ ܡܝܢ ܕܢܦܝܼܩ ܡܢ ܟܘܪܣܝܙܘ. ܘܒܬܪܟܢ ܢܦܕܩ ܗܘܐ
ܛܘܒܢܐ ܝܥܩܘܒ ܘܐܝܠܝܢ ‎hs Js; L.mh Jlosl oio:‏ ܘܠܝܒܝ̣ܕܘܢ
ܐܦܚ̈ܣܩܘܦܐ ‎Lee‏ ܐܪܒܥܐ. ܚܕ ܒܐܦܣܘܣ ‎“οἱ‏ ܕܫܡܗ ܗܘܐ .. ܝܘܚܢܢ ܣܘܪܝܝܐ

‎fais Les‏ ܘܒܙܡܘ̱ܪܨܐ! ܐܢܫ ܕܫܡܗ ܗܘܐ ܦܛܪܘܣ. ܘܠܐܚܪܢܐ ‎ois,‏ ܗܘܐ
ܝܘܚܢܢ܂ ܒܦܪܓܡܐ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ. ܘܠܐܚܪܢܐ ܕܫܡܗ ܗܘܐ ܦܛܪܘܣ.. ܒܛܪܠܣܣ ‎JR io‏

‎1. Ms. ‏ܘܒܙܡܪܘܢܐ‎ . — 2, Ms. ‏.ܒܦܛܪܠܘܣ‎

‎in religious learning. Αι, when he had completed three years, he depart-
ed from the world; and after a time again they ordained. à man whose name
was Paul from Alexandria. About this man mauy controversies arose ' ‏ܢ‎
‎and continne to the present time when these things were written. And
again in the city of Amida they ordained as metropolitan a man whose name
was Eunomius, wlo had been expelled with others among the same clergy
of Amida, in the same roval city. And for the countries of Egypt, by the
mandate of the blessed Theodosiux the patriareh, they ordained twelve
bishops at once in the royal city itself, for various cities of Thebais aud of
Egypt besides a large number of elergy; inasmuch as the patriarch Theo-
dosius would not consent to ordain priests afler he had left his see. Aud
afterwards the blessed James and his companions went out to thé countries
of Asia for the second time, and tliey ordained Tour bishops in Asia, one in
Epliesus a man whose naine was Jolin the Svrian, the converter of tlie pagans ^
aud in Smyrna ἃ man whose name was Peter”, and another whose name was
John in the city of Pergamum, and anollier whose name was Peter in the
city of Tralles. — And after these things they crossed. to the island of Chios

‎1. ΓΙ. E. 18, 15; Miel, p. 333. Dyakonov, p IN. — 2, The author; sec Inlrod., p. XIV. 4. Wee
ch. 56.

‎* ΤῸ v? b.
