‎LIFE OF KASIIHSI, 163‏ ]509[
‎onera‏ ܠܒܟܗ ܒܩܛܛܚܪܐ܂ ܘܥܒܝܼܕܗ ܐܦܚܣܩܦܐ ܕܡܗܝ̈ܡܢܐ ܕܝܠܗܿ ܕܓܙܪܬܐ. ܟܕ | ܡܠܠ
‎.NKJkasoo «ου» ο‏ ܘܗܟܙ ܬ ܠܐ ‎eel‏ ܐܠܐ ܘܟܕ ܛܒ ‎[so‏ ܡܢ ܩܕܡܕ ‎Lois‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
ܗܘܐ ‎JR Ro‏ ܗܳܝ ܕܝܢ ܐܬܐܠܨ ‎jam‏ ܣܥܪܗ ‎où‏ ܕܒܐܣܟܡܐ ‎Maas [4x‏
ܗܘܐ ܠܗ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܕ ܠܟܠ ܐܢܫ ܗܕܐ ‎Sel‏ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܒܗ ܡܬܬܡܡܗܝܢ ܗܘܘ.
ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ‎So h3‏ ܡܿܠܝ.! ܐܦ ‎Lese los) κο‏ »£2 ܘܐܦ ‎Je‏
‏ܕܬܫܡܫܬܐ ‎Lua:ss‏ ܕܡܢ ܚܢܦܘܬܐ.. ܚܦܝܛܐܝܬ ܘܛܢܢܐܝܬܐ ܥܡܢ, ‎Las)‏ ° ܝܕܝܥܐ
ܥܡܠ ܗܘܐܼ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܠܘܒܟܐ ‎JLaso‏ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܒܚܕ ܢܟܦܘܬܗ ܘܝܩܝܕܪܘܬ ‎oec‏
‏ܘܥܡܬܐ ܕܕܘܒܪܙܵܘܗܝ܂ ܠܢ ܠܒܝܕ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܠܓܡܪ ܬܘܒ ܡܢ ‎he‏ ܠܐ ‎exe‏
‎fan) ass‏ ܕܐܦ ܠܐ ܒܙܒܢ ‎ese‏ ܐܠܐ 20+ ‎gs ES‏ ܚܝܢܢ
ܕܬܫܡܫܬܐ ‎Jul δι [Mi Je Jis yl‏ ܠܡܒܕܝܢܬܐ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܡܿܢܥܢ.
‎CCR‏ ܐܦ ‎où‏ ܛܘܒܬܐ.. ‎oi sso aJ, Je‏ ܒܗ ° ‎TRE‏ ܕܐܬܩܪܝ ‎Ds às‏
ܘܠܫܠܝܗܿ ܙܕܝܪܐ ܙܗܳܺܝ ‎JL pep‏ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܒܥ ܥܪܐ ‎Laos‏ ܡܪܝ ܡܡܐ ܘܐܝܚܡܢ ܠܡܪ
ܗܘܐ ܘܡܬܬܢܝܚ.. ܘܡܬ ܒܣܡ ܗܘܐ ܒܥܝܚܐ ‎αν‏ ܕܕܘܟܬܐ. ܘܟܕ ܗܟܢܐ ‎Js»‏

‎1, Ms. om. stop here and ins. after LaS. — 2, In erasure.

‎he seized him by force, and ordained him hishop of the believers of the same
island', while he lamented and fled aud refused ; and he did not thus eseape:
but, although he had been a presbyter many years before, he was then forced
to shave his hair which he had left in lay fashion (75); so that, when this
became known lo everyone, they marvelled at him all the more, — fHlaving
completed a short time, he erossed to us also in tlie countries of Asia, and
also laboured carnestly and zealously with us for à considerable time in the
work of the ministry of converting men from paganism, while mueh comfort
and eonsolation was also brought about for us by his devoutness and his
venerable old age and the laboriousness of his practices, while we also never
again scparaled from one another in our old age, just as we had not done so
in the time of our vouth; but, after we had been carrying on the work οἳ tlie
ministry for about one year, that time we came together to the royal city,
while the blessed man also ended the work of his ministry in the same island
in which he had been summoned to the bishoprie. and removed tothe quietude
of the monastery. ( (9 by the power of God we had erected by the holy Mar
Mama beyond the water? and resided there and rested, aud he enjoyed the
quiet restfulness of the place. And, when he had in tliis way been carrving

‎1. See p. 504. — 2, See p. 298, n. 2.
