* 119 v? à.

156 JOIN OF EPHESUS. [502]

ܕܒܝܪ ܐܢܘܢ ‎PEL‏ ܠܣܘܪܝܐ܂ ܒܬܛܢܢܕܐ ܡܝܬܪܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܐܝܟ ‎JL.‏ ܕܩܢ̈ܘܢܐ ܥܒܕܕܘܢ
ܡܝܛܪ̈ܘܦܘܠܝܛܐ] ܗܢܘ ܕܝܢ ܙ̈ܝܫܝ ܐܦܫ̈ܣܧܩܘܦܐ.. ܚܕ ܕܫܡܗ ܗܘܐ ܕܝܡܛ ܡܢ ܕܝܪܐ
ܕܐܦܬܘܢܝܐ ܒܠܕܝܩܝܐ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ. ܘܠܐܚܪܢܐ ܕܫܡܗ ܗܘܐ ܝܘܚܢܢ ܡܢ ‎Mas) Jer‏
ܡܪܝ ܒܙܝ ܒܣܠܘܩܝܐ ܕܣܘܪܝܬ!. ܘܠܐܚܪܢܐ ܡܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܗܘܼܘ ܒܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ ܕܐܬܐܡܪ
ܡܢ ܠܥܠ ܕܫܡܗ ܗܘܐ 9« ‎wwawiks‏ ܕܩܝܠܩܚܐ. ܘܠܐܚܪܢܐ ܕܫܡܗ ܗܘܐ
‎RQ‏ ܒܣܠܘܩܝܐ ܕܐܝܣܘܪܝܐ. ‎oso‏ ܕܐܦܫ̈ܣܩܘܦܐ ܬܘܒ ‎μα‏ ܗܟܢܐ. ܝܘܚܢܢ
ܡܢ ܕܝܪܐ ܕܒܝܬ ܡܪܝ ܒܣܕ ܒܩܢܫܪܝܢ. ܘܠܐܚܪܢܐ ܕܫܡܗ ܗܘܐ ܣܪܓܝܣ ܡܢ ܕܝܪܐ
ܕܐܦܬܘܢܝܐ܂ ‎jus‏ ܘܠܐܚܪܢܐ ܕܫܡܗ ܗܘܐ ܝܘܚܢܢ ܡܢ ܕܝܪܐ ܕܒܝܬ ܡܪܝ ܚܢܝܢܐ.
‎Jia‏ ܕܪ̈ܗܘܡܝܐ. ܘܟܕ ܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܟܬܐܝܒ ‎«dope na Jsaamie) asso)‏
ܕܣܘܪܝܐ.. ܒܬܪܟܢ ‎Rips ax‏ ܡܥܦܟܘܐܐ.. ܘܥܒܕܘܢ ܦܛܪܝܪܟܐ ܒܐܢܛܝܘܟܝܐ
ܒܩܪܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܝܠܢ.. ‎auf‏ ܕܫܡܗ ‎Jes‏ ܣܪܓܝܣ ܡܢ ܬܠܐ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ܆. ܕܠܡܪ ܗܘܐ

1. Ms. ‏ܕܐܝܣܘܪܝܐ‎ ; corr, v. D. aud L.; see note on translation.

in the city of Seleucia of Isauria': and so he took them and came back to
Syria with admirable zeal. And so in accordance with the provision of
the canons they made metropolitans, that is archbishops?, one whose name
was Dimet? from the monastery of Aphthonia* in the city of Laodicea, and
another whose name was John from the monastery of the house of Mar Bzy
in Seleucia in Syria *, and another from those who were instituted at Alexan-
diria who was mentioned above, whose name was Conon, in Tarsus in
Cilicia, and the other whose name was Eugene in Seleucia in Isauria; and
the other bishops also in Syria as follows, John from the monastery of the
house of Mar Dassus in Kenneshrin*, and another whose name was Sergius
from the monasterv of Aphilionia in Charrhae, and another whose name was
John from the monastery of the house of Mar Hanina in Sura Romanorum.
And, when they had set up bishops for the various cities of Syria as has
been described, afterwards they went up to the royal city, and in our pre-
sence they ordained a patriarch in Antioch, a man whose name was Sergius
from the city of Thella, who was living in the royal city" aud was versed

1. The interpolated life adds Antony and Anlonhus; sec nole there. — 2. The dislinelion belween
metropolilans and arehbisliops is later. — 3. Probably a shortened. Του of Demetrius (not Doimilius,
as P. Smith and v. D, and L.). — ^. The ionaslery which John «son of Aphlhonia established at
Kenneshre on the Euphrales after il had been espelled front Seleucia af !he perseculion (*Zach.
1111. 4 VIN, 3). — 5, Ms, ‘Isauria”; see note on exl. Eugene was made bp of S. in 1sauria. The 1:11618

polated life of James Dias * Syria”, — 6. Chalels in Syria. — 7. Sce ch. 49.
