[513] LIVES OF TWO ANTIOCIIENES. 167

‎Lu oo‏ ܘܐܫܬܬܬܫܐ ‎ve‏ ܗܘܘ ܐܡܝܢܙܐܝܬ: ܟܕ ‎Jes‏ ܕܥܕܬܐ ‎x]‏ ܗܘܘܼ
ܐܝܟ ‎ον ο‏ ܟܕ ‎IMG‏ ܠܩܬ ܚܝ ‎far‏ ܘܠܟܠ ܐܢܝ: ‎x50‏ ܡܝܢ ܟܠ
ܐܢܝܫ ܐܝܟ ‎μονα ϑὸ‏ ܥܠ ‎Qoo;‏ ܟܕ ܒܟܠܗܝܢ ‎λα ραν Lis”‏ »|
ܝ 1 — ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ.. ܝܬܝܪܐܝܝܬ ܡܛܠ ܚܚܙܘܗܘܢ ܬܡܝܗܐ܂. ܘܦܐܝܝܘܬܐ ̇
ܕܦܪ̈ܕܘܦܝܗܘܢ,. ܟܕ ‎Keep‏ ܘܡܬܬܥܝܢ ܥܡܗܘܢ.ْ ܘܝܙܗܪܒܝܢ ܠܗܘܢ ܘܣܤܣܘܣ
ܥܠ ‎os;‏ ܒܠܺܝܠܝܘܬܐ ܕܝܢ ܒܬ̈ܚܙܫܐ ܕܢܕܪܟܘܢ ܘܢܕܥܘܢ ܕܐܝܟܐ ‎J AA)‏
‎Lis. | :e pol]‏ ܕܟܕ ܣ̈ܓܝܐܐ ܡܢ ‎Lao‏ ܟܕ ‎Je‏ ܕܦܪܨܘܦܗܿ ܕܥܠܝܡܬܐ ‎Ja‏
‎vM» fans AMA,‏ ܗܘܘ ܘܡܫ ܬܓܪܝܢ܆. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܡܬܦܪܣܝܢ ܗܘܘ
‎Joss)‏ ܕܠܠܝܐ ܢܬܡܥܘܢ ܓܬܗܘܢ ܘܙܝܙܢܘܢ ܒܗܿ: ‎VJ]‏ ܗܘܘ ܘܥܫܪܝܢ ܘܦܗܪܝܢ
ܘܡܬܟܪܟܝܢ ܒܟܠܗܘܢ ܦ[ܘܩܝܗ̇ ܕܡܕܝܙܬܐ ܘܒܓܘ̈ܢܘܬܗܿ ,22 ‎ea pxoll Jo 6 e‏
‎Lis, |‏ ܕܟܕ ܣ̈ܓܝܐܐ ܡܢ ܐܝ̈ܕܝܥܐ ‎“Janus as‏ ܘܡܫܬܐܝܚܢܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܒܪܓܬܗܿ
ܝܩܘܕܐܝܬ: ܐܦܝܣܘ ܠܗܓܡܘܢܐ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܕܢܠܒܟܪܘܿ ܘܢܩܚܡܗ̇ ܒܫܘܩܐ.. ‎2à‏ ܕܐܦ
‎MD‏ ܒܥܓܠ: ܘܦܕܪ ‎Ha.‏ ܕܢܫܥܒܕܗܿ ܕܬܩܘܡ ‎Loass‏ .ܐ ‎Lu)‏ ܕܟܕ ‎y o!‏

‎1. we deleted follows in ms.

‎drolleries (παιγνίδια) and buffooneries, being constantly in tlie. courts of the
church like strangers, jesting at the cicrgymen and everyone, and being
boxed on their heads by everyone as mime-actors (μῖμος), while at all hours
of the day a large number of people surrounded tliem, chiefly on account of
their marvellous appearance, and the comeliness of their faces (πρόσωπον),
joking and playing with them, and giving them slaps [κόσσους) on their licads,
but at nights men were not able to lind out and learn where they slept, so
that many ofthe froward men, having been by the appearance of the young
woman's face (πρόσωπον) ardently smitten and kindled with the passion of
desire for her, while they also made plans to fulfil their desire in the dark-
ness of night and commit fornication with her, wearied themselves and kept
awake and watchful and went round all tlie streets of the city aud its corners
(γωνία) to find her, and they were not able to do 8ο: so that many of the
distinguished men, having been smitten with passion, and being ardentlv
inflamed with desire for her, begged the governor (ἡγεμών) of the city to
arrest her and set her in the street, which he indeed did immediately, and
he sent and seized her to force her to stand in the street, so that when tlie

‎man dressed like a mime-actor (μῖμος) who was with her saw it he wailed
PATR. OR. — T. XIX, — F. 2. 12
