* 191 ο b.

162 JOIIN OF EPIIESUS. [508]

‎JL [ass jseasmas'le . Lis «99 Άρα ο‏ ܥܡܿܪܝܚܢ ܗܘܘ 965 ܒܙܒܝܢ
ܙܒܝܢ. ܟܕ ܡܟܝܠ܂ ‎|o‏ ܠܘܬ ܡܚܝܝܠܘܬܐ ܕܣܝܒܘܬ| ܘܕܟܘܪ̈ܗܢܐ ܤܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܐܬܐ ‎Jon‏
‏ܗܕܐ ܕܐܦ ‎ase‏ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܠܘܬ ܢܘܚܐ ܐܬܕ ܕܒܪ ܗܘܐ ‎δα,‏ ܘܡܟܝܠ ܟܕ
ܒܦܠܝܼܝܐ ‎danses‏ ܕܓܙ ܪܬܐ ܗܝ ܡܬ ܒܣܡ ܗܘܐ .+ ܥܡܠܐ ܕܕܘܒܪ̈ܘܗܝ ° ܚܦܝܛܐܝܬ
‎JLsasso‏ ܗܘܐ. ܘ݀ܥܟܕ ܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ܡܫܪܬܚܐܝܬ ‎NS‏ ܗܘܐ .. ‎y‏ 3« ܕܫܟܝܚܝܐ ܗܘܐ
ܗܘܠܐ ܕܛܪ̈ܦܐ ܕܬܡܪܬܐ :30« 7 ܠܦܐ ܐܠܟܣܢܕܪ̈ܝܬܐ ܕܥܒܕ̈ܢ ܗܽܘܝ ܬܟܠܝܢ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ
ܗܟܢܐ ‎JLsasss‏ ܗܘܐ: ‎Use‏ ܘܠܥܡܠ ܗܘܐ .. ܥܒܕܕ ܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ‎«2p‏ ܗܘܐ. ܘܟܕ
ܡܢܬܐ| ܙܥܘܪܬܐ ܠܣܘܢܩܢܗܘ ‎y‏ ܗܘܐ܂. ‎oix»‏ ܦܘܠܚܚܝܢ ܗ ‎Jon ans‏ ܘܡܡܦܠܔܓ
‎geo s]iadAceM o‏ ܘܣܓ̈ܝܦܐ ܘܣܶܡܝܐ ‎«οσο‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܕ ܡܠܚ ‎às‏
‎veda y Jh‏ ܚܟܠܫ: ܟܕ ܟܠܬܫ ܬܡܿܪܗ ܗܘܐ ܥܠ ܥܡܠܗ ܘܕܘܒܕ̈ܘܗܝ ܘܢܐܝܪܘܬܙܘ
‎Load fs S . .otlasatso‏ ܶܡܗܝܡܢܐ ‎JE seh‏ ܕܢܪܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܪܝܥܐ
‎(μωροὶ [κο‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܕ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܝܥܩܘܒ ܗܢܐ ܕܡܝܢ ܠܥܠ ‎EC WC M Lans‏
‎vtl «o» HAS ἘΞ)‏ 7ܦܫܣܩܦܐ.. ‎oi Vaso‏ ܠܓܙ ܪܬܐ ܡܢ ܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ܕܐܣܫܐ..

‎and many banished bishops resided in it from time to time), while lie had
now indeed also reached the feebleness ol old age' and many diseases, for
whieli reason also especially he was led 10 seek the rest of quietude. And
thencelorth, while he was enjoving the quietude of the residence in that
island, he diligently performed the labour of his practices, and he employed
himself in his handiwork on a large scale, inasmuch as material (ύλη) was to
be found in the date-palm leaves from the Alexandrine ships which touched
there? While he was performing these tasks in this way, and working and
labouring, he used to sell his handiwork: and retaining a small portion for
his needs, he would spend all his earnings, and distribute them to the poor
and the laine and the maimed and the blind aud the sick, so that, when he had
completed about live years in the island, while everyone was marvelling at
his labour and his practices and his abstinence and his asceticism, then many
believers in the place asked him to be their ehief and spiritual pastor: so that,
when the blessed James, whose history has been recorded above, brought two
other bishops with him, and erossed to the island from the districts of Asia,

‎1... has told us above that. K. was about lie same age as himself and that they entered the monas-
tery when about 15 (3522/3; see Introd., p. 1v). Now, since K, started on his peregrinations with J.,
who settled in CP. in 510 (see Introd., p. vs this ean hardly have been later than thal year, and
he therefore settled in Chios at Jatest in 533, when he was about 45 Dyakonov, p. 81, 82). J. lived over
30 yours longer. — 2. &ee p. 190,
