* 120 v? a.

* 130 ve h.

‎JOIIN OF EPHESUS. 1506]‏ 160
ܐܟܚܕܐ ‎KIA‏ ܘܣܕܒܥܢ ܐ ܥܡ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܐܒܗ̈ܝܢ ܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ ‎Jxssaso μοῦ «lo‏
ܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ ܕܒܟܠܪܘ̇ ܘܠܕܢܚܝܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܡܝܢ ܥܠ̈ܥܬܐ ‎y‏ ܗܠܝܢ.. ܐܬܘܬܐ ‎Jes‏
‏ܒܐܟܣܢܚܘܬܐ ܢܓܝܪܬܐ ܐܬ ܕܒܪܢ ܟܕ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܗܿܘ' ‎Lael Hoi‏ ܪܒܬܐ ܕܙܕܝܩܘܬܐ ܠܐ
ܫܒܝܼܩ. ܘܡܝܢ ܠܘܠܐ ܕܬܡܝܪܗܘܬܐ ܕܘܒܕ̈ܐ ‎sos‏ ܠܐ ‎Jh: pA‏ ܕܝܢ ‎eias‏ ܚܐܦܐ
ܚܪܝܦܐ ܕܡܝܬܪܘܬܐ܂. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ܡܒ̈ܥܕܐ ܕܡܨܪܝܢ ܘܕܬܒܐܝܣ ° ܘܕܐܠܕܐ ܘܟܠܗ
ܐܠܘܪܝܩܘܢ.. ܘܐܦ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܪܗܘܡܐ ܘܟܪܟܐ ܕܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ‎onu Nase‏ ܠܡܒܪܕܝܬܐ ‎οι‏
‏ܒܪܚ ܘܪܬܐ ܐܟܣܐܚܘܬ|܆. ܘܒܪܚ ‎J'aa‏ ܕܝܕܘ̈ܠܐ . ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ‎σα. [acl‏
ܗܘܐ ܠܛܟܣܐ ‎fin) Πα.‏ ܕܠܐ ܡܛܛܘܠ ܐܣܟܡܐ ܢܣܬܓܝܼܕ ܐܘ ܢܬ ܝܩܪ
ܡܢ ܒܪ ‎ΠῚ Las‏ ܐܝܟ ܡܣܟܢܐ ‎Άικ» «λαο‏ ܡܶܡܣܦܢܐ ܘܦܝ ܝܬܘܟܐ ‎JXXZ5o‏
‎Was‏ ܕܘܟܐ ܡܬܐ ܙܘܦܟ ‎.Joot‏ ܘܡܟܝܠ ‎[X253‏ ܠܡܡܥ̈ܬܐ ‎"le‏ | ܘܥܣܩ̈ܐ ܘܩܫ̈ܝܐ
ܕܐܟܣܢܚܝܘܬܐ ܡܬ ܢܓܪ ° ܗܘܐ ‎Pw mw Neo‏ ܒܚܕ ܗܝ ܕܣܡ ܗܘܐ ܒܢܦܢܗ
ܕܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܡܢ ܐܢܫ ܠܐ ‎sexies‏ ܘܡܝܢ ܥܡܡܬܐ ܕܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ ܣܟ ܠܐ ܢܬ ܒܣܡ ܆. ܐܠܐ ܐܢ

‏ܡܝܢ ܥܡܬܐ ‎sace.)‏ ܦܠܚ ܗܘܐ ܐܣܦܕ̈ܝܕܐ ܘܡܿܟܫܬܐ.. ܘܘܡܡܠܘܩܫܐܐ ܫܦܝܕ̈
ܢ * * 1 8 ܟ " ܚܝܕ

‎1. Ms. ins. ‏ܡܢ‎ — 2. Ms. ‏.ܘܕܬܟܝܐ ܝܣ‎ — 3. Corr. from ‏ܘܡܬܐܫܦܬܐ‎ . — 4, Ms. ‏ܘܩܡ ܝܘܠܘܩܝܐ‎ .

‎years of ehasing from ono district to another with all our holy fathers and
spiritual brothers, and the holy convents throughout the East; so that for
such reasons we were led to the western districts on a long peregrination,
while that saint did not cease running along the great road of righteousness,
nor diminish the labour οἱ his marvellous great practices; but at last he was
seized by the keen impulse of the excellent life, so that in love of peregrina-
tion and at a distance from acquaintances he extended his own travels to
the remote countries of Egypt aud Thebais and Greece and the whole of
lll vrieum, and even as far as Rome and the other countries; insomuch that he
changed the monastie habit (σχῆμα) for lay attire, in order that he might not
on account of Ihe habit (σχῆμα) be venerated or honoured by any man, but
as an ordinary poor man he went about everywhere among poor ordinary
ncedy men; and consequently he suffered blows and distresses in a labo-
rious, distressing, severe, and hand life of peregrination, especially in con-
sequence of the fact that he had determined in himself not to receive charity
from anyone aud not to reap any enjoyment whatever from the labour
of others, except from the work of his hands, for he used to make baskets
(σπυρίδα) and pairs of bellows, and handsome tiaras (καμελαυκία)' of various

‎1. κατασχευὴ σπυρίδος ἀντὶ πίδου τῇ χεφαλῇ τιθεμένη (Cedr., I, p. 297); appy. ἃ kind of straw 1
® D. and 1
