170 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [516]

ܕܙܬܬܢܝܚܘܢ.. ܘܙܘܟܢܐ ܥܡ ܐܢܐ ‎Mos‏ ܢܠܦܠܬ ܥܠ ܐܦܫ ܩܕܡܚܝܗܘܢ.. ܟܕ ܡܘܡܐ
ܐܢܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܒܐܠܗܐ ܐܚܝܕ ܟܠً: ܕܠܐ ‎(amas‏ ܡܢܝ ܫܪܪܐ ܕܡܢܐ ܘܡܢ ܐܝܟܐ ܐܢܘܢ
ܗܢܝܼܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܠܡ ‎any)‏ ܘܐܬܬܥ ܝܩܘ ܒܩܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ ܕܛܒ: ܟܕ ܐܡܪܝܢ
ܠܡ . ܕܓܒܪܐ ܡܿܢ ܐܢܬ ܘܡܢܐ ܒܥܐ ‎su]‏ ܘܡܢܐ ܒܥܐ ܐܢܬ ܗܪܟܐ ‎Hal‏ ܠܢ:
ܘܡܢ ܡܝ̈ܚܡܣܐ܂ ܡܢܐ ‎fais‏ ܐܢܬ ‎MANU‏ ܘܡܛܠ ‎Λο‏ ܠܡ ܫܚܝܩܝܐ
ܕܪ̈ܥܝܢܝܗܘܢ.܇ ܐܝܟ ‎Jon où‏ ܡܟܝܠ ܐܬܓܠܝܼܚܘ ܠܗܘܢ.. ܝܗܒܬ ܠܗܘܢ ܡܘ̈ܡܬܐ
ܪܒܬܐ ܘܕܚܝܠܬܐ. ܕܠܐ ܫܡܿܥܝܢ ‎Lis Lans‏ ܐܢܫܐ ܡܢ ܦܘܡܝ ܟܡܐ ܕܐܝܬܝܟܘܢ
ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎io‏ ܗܿܝܕܝܢ܂ ܩܠܝܠ ܐܸܬܬܢܝܚܘ ܟܕ ‎socis sl‏ ܕܠܐ ܐܬ݀ܚܙܐ
ܕܡܡܠܠ ܐܢܐ ܥܡܗܘܢ ܒܐܝܡܡܐ ‎καὶ οἱ‏ ܐܢܘܢ ‎οἱ‏ ܐܫܐ ܠ ܒܫܠܡܗܘܢ.. ܘܠܐ
}1.51 ܡܝܢ ܗܺܝ ‎Jansen)‏ ܐܥܒܕ ܠܗܘܢ ܐܝܟ ‎5s 3 ense US a‏ . ܘܐܩܚܡܬ
ܠܗܘܢ ܫܘܘܕܝܐ ܗܢܐ .' ܗ݀ܝܕܝܢ ܠܡ ܐܦܝܣ ܓܒܪܐ ‎JA Te où‏ ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪ
ܠܗܿܢ. ܕܡܟܝܠ ܠܡ ‎IE‏ ܠܗ ܒܝܢ ܗܢܐ ܐܚܘܢ.. ܕܟܒܪ ‎E» Liso‏ ܗܟܢܐ.. ܡܛܠ
° ܕܦ ‎oo‏ ܒܛܝܠ ܠܗܘ ܥܠ ܚܝ̈ܘܗܝ ܥܡ ܚܬܗ: ܕܗܐ ܥܣܪܝܢ ‎vs vile‏
ܕܥܡܪܝܢ ܥܡ ‎μα.» ὃν» Wan, où y-le NI‏ ܚܫܝܒ: ܢܛܝܪܝܢ ܕܝܢ

1. Ms. wilh points. . — 2. Ms. polo. — 3. Ms. ins. slop here and om. afler»*. — 4, Ms. eo.

a long time, and afterwards they sat down to rest, and thus I on my part ran
and fell on my face before them, adjuring them by God the All-Ruler not
to hide from me the truth as to what and whence they were. And thev
on their side were alarmed and very greaily annoyed, saying, ‘Man, who
are you and what do you want? And why do you want to prove us here?
Aud what do vou want to learn from mime-actors {μίμος And, because
] recognised the trouble which their minds felt, as if they had already 1
laid bare, I gave them a great and terrible oath, * No men shall hear from my
mouth about you as long as you are in this city”. Then they were a little
appeased, requiring at my hands that | should not be secu speaking
with them by day or honour them or greet them, and should not be
prevented from slapping (κοσσίσαι) them as mime-actors (uiuos) as they said.
And I gave them this promise. Then that man begged that young woman,
saying to her, ‘Now that this our brother lias found us out, because perhaps
the Lord wished it so, since he himself also has regard to his life together
with his sister, for it is twenty-four years that they have been living together,
and he is supposed to have taken her to wife, but both liave been preserved
