* 118 ve h.

* 119 wa.

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [500]‏ 154
‎LS‏ ܕܟܘܠܗܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܥܕܪ̈ܢ ܠܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܠܩܘܒܬܐ ܕܣܘܙܗܕܘܣ ܕܟܠܩܫܪܘܢܐ..
‎Las‏ ܐ ‎x» ]isej ooo aa so‏ ܐܢܫܐ ‎Je‏ ܘܐ ܠܪܗܝܐ.. ܕܫܡ̈ܡܗܝܗܘܢ

‎ο‏ ܝܥܩ ܘܒ ‎Jiosolo‏ ܚܕ ܠܚܝܚܪܬܐ ܕܛܝ̈ܝܐ܂ ܗܢܘ ܕܝܢ ܬܐܘܕܘܪܐ܂. ܘܝܥܩܘܒ
ܠܐܘܪܽܗܝ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎J5oso]L Lisa)‏ ܒܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ܬܝ̈ܡܢܝܐ! ܘܡܥܪ̈ܒܫܐ: ܘܡܪܒܝܪܐ
ܟܠܗ ܘܬܪܒܝܐ ܘܦܠ ܚܣܬܛܫܢܥܐ ܐܫܬܠܛܛ ܗܘܐ: ܥܕܡܐ ܠܐܘܪܫܠܡ.. ܛܘܒܢܐ ܝܥܩܘܒ
ܟܕ ܐ ܕܝܢ ܒܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ: ܘܠܒܕܫ ܛܢܕܢܐ ܕܓܢܒܪܘܬܐ: ܘܡܬ ܚ ܪܗܛܗ ܒܟܠܗܘܢ
ܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ: ܠܐ ܗܘܐ ܒܠܚ ܘܕ ܕܣܘܪܝܐ ܘܕܐܪܡܢܝܐ ‎das‏ ܘܕܩܦܘܕܩܫܐ: ܗܥܝܢ ܕܠܐ ܗܘܐ
ܒܝܪ ‎Led vxo‏ ܒܐܪܬܕܟܣܝܐ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܟܘܠܗܘܢ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܙܥܘܖ̈ܐ ‎SEE‏ ܗܘܘ
ܘܡܬܐܠܫܢܝܢ: ܘܥܡ ܗܥܝܢ ܘܒܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ‎francs‏ ܘܕܐܝܣܘܪܝܐ ܟܘܠܗ̇ ܘܕܦܡܦܘܠܝܐ
ܘܠܘܩܬܫܐ: ܘܠܘܘ ̈ܐ ܘܦܪܘܓܝܐ ܘܩܪܝ ܐܐ ‎isole‏ ܘܒܓܙܪܖ̈ܬܐ ‎[3e‏ ܩܘܦܪܘܣ ܘܪܘܕܘܣ:
002.50« ܘܡܝܬܛܘܠܚܢܐ: ܘܥܕܡܐ ܠܘܒܕܝܢܬܐ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܩܘܣܛܛܢܛܝܢܐ ܦܘܠܝܣ: ܗܺܝ
‎ds «9l‏ ܥܡ ܟܘܠܗܘܢ ܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ܂. ‎Hos‏ ܕܔܢܒܪܘܬܐ ‎JLsoo tua,‏ ܛܟ̈ܣܐ ܕܟܪܘܗܢܘܬܐ:

‎1. Ms. ‏ܬܫܝܡܝܢܝܐ‎ (sic). — 2. Ms. ‏ܘܽܘܕܘܣܙ‎

‎the opponents of the synod of Chalcedon, she gave orders and two blessed
men, well-tried and divine persons, whose names were James and Thco-
dore, were chosen and instituted, one for Iirtha of the Saracens', that is
Theodore, and James for the city of Edessa. And, while the blossed
''heodore exercised authority in the southern and western? countries, and the
whole of the desert and Arabia and Palestine, as [ar as Jerusalem, the blessed
James, having armed himself with religion, and elothed himself in the zeal of
heroism, extended his course over all the countries not only of Svria and the
whole of Armenia and of Cappadocia, al! of which down to the little ones?
were ospeolallv distinguished and strong in orthodoxy (ὀρθοδοξία) no less
than Syria, land besides these* in the countries also of Cilicia and the
whole of Isauria and of Pamphylia and Lycaonia and Lveia and Phrygia and
Caria and Asia, and in the islands of the sea Cyprus and? Rhodes, and
Chios and Mitylene *, and as far as the royal city of Constantinople, in which
also besides all the countries he displayed the course of heroism, and filled

‎1. This Hirtha (se. “camp, The seat of the. Roman Saracens, is probably ditferent. from Hirtha d
Nu *man' fp. 145, the seat of the. Persian. Naracens. — 2. We rather require ‘easicrn'. Perl.
however Ihe author is speaking from the point of view of the Syriae world, which extends from
the Mediterranean Lo Ihe. Tigris. — 3. Se. children. — ^. We require ‘but’. The author has, as
ollen, forgotten. how he began the sentence. — 5. Ms. om. — 6. This is probably tlie earliest use of
* Mil Mene? fer Lesbos
