‎JOIIN OF EPHESUS. [520]‏ 174
‎«Jo:‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܢܗܘܼܐ ܡܫܬܚܢ ܒܗܼ ‎B‏ ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܠܝܡ ܫܝܡܥ ܩܥܝܢ
ܕܝܠܝ ‎LA‏ ܘܕܐ° ‎OL&9U‏ ܘܩܦܣ ܐܝܕ̈ܘܗܝ܆. ܘܐܬܚ ܘܝ 7 ܢܘܗܪܐ ‎où‏ ܪܒܐ ܂. ܘܗܘܼܐ
ܚܥܘܟܐ ܒܟܠܗ ܒܝܬܐܼ.! ܘܟܕ ܠܡ ‎Jf kw ejos‏ ܘܐܢܗܪܘ ܢܗܝܪ̈ܐ ܕܫܪܓܐ
ܘܦܬܚܘ. ܥܠܬ ܘܪܗܛܬ ‎Άνθη‏ ܥܠ ܐ̈ܓܠܘܗܝ ‎να ο νο où‏ ܟܕ ‎το s‏
ܘܡܬܟܫܦ ‎b]‏ ܘܡܘܡܐ ܐܢܐ ܠܗ ܒܐܠܗܐ ‎PAM où‏ ܫܡܚܐ ܘܐܪܥܐ ܘܟܠ ܕܒܗܘܢ..
ܕܢܘܕܥ ܕܡܝܢ ܐܝܡܟܐ ‎,ωοιολ-‏ ܘܡܢܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ: ܟܕ ‎ΡΩΝ oo‏ ܗܘܼܐ ܠܝ ‎lo‏
‏ܡܪܝ ܫܒܘܩ ‎τω‏ ܕܡܣܟܢܐ ‎CAC]‏ ܕܘܳܝܐ܂. ܘܡܛܠ ‎Lars)‏ ܕܣܬܘܐ ‎Maas]‏
‎Ro‏ ܥܐܠ ‎μὲ‏ ܒܥܕܢܐ ܕܪܡܫܐ ܕܡܿܟ°̄ ܐܢܐ ܘܡ݀ܫܬܚܢ ܐܢܐ ܒܙܒܠܐ ܗܢܐ܂. ‎«aeo‏

‏° ܡܣܟܢܐ' ܕ ܕܐܝܟ ܗܢܐ ܡܢܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܟ ܕܬܐܠܦ.' ܘܟܕ ܐܢܐ ܠܡ ‎Jes‏ ܗܘܝܬ ܥܠ .

‏ܢ̈ܓܠܘܗܝ ܘܡܘܡܐ ܐܼܢܐ ܠܗ: ܘܬܗܝܪܚܢ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܡܢܫ܆. ܟܕ ܠܡܐ ܐܢܐ ܠܗ ‎Ji‏
‏ܩܐܡ ܐܢܐ ܡܢ ܗܪܟܐ ܘܡܘܕܥ ܐܢܬ ܠܝ ܥܠ ܫܪܪܐ: ܘܟܕ ܒܣ̈ܓܝܐܬܐ ܠܡ ܐܠܕ ܗܘܼܝܬ
ܠܗ . ‎Jh‏ ܕܠܐ ܦܪܩ ܐܢܐ ܡܢ ܪ̈ܓܠܘܗܝ )550 ܠܝ: ‎ois)‏ ܥܛܠܰܝܟ ܘܢܪܚܩܘܢ
ܘܡܡܠܠ ‎B bi‏ ܘܟܕ ܠܡ ‎Nap!‏ ܠܗܘܢ ‎LENS‏ ܘܠܐܣܬܛܒܠܖ̈ܐ ܕܢܦܝܼܩܘܢ
ܠܒܪ. ܪܝ ܕܢܐܡܪ.. ܕܡܢܐ ܒܪܝ ‎Me‏ ܒܝ ܕܗܟܢܐ ‎Nec‏ ܘܐܸܡܿܪܬ ܠܗ:

‎1. Ms. with points”. — 2. Corr. from Islee- - - 3. Ms, ‏.ܘܐܬܚܦܝܘ‎ — 4, Ms. oi. — 5. Ms. μού (corr. 12).
— 5. A few lelters αἱ the beginning of the first 3 lines of this page are illegible and are supplied from 10,

‎sleep. But, when he heard our voice, mine and that of the slaves, and threw
himself down and drew in his hands, then that great light was obscured,
and darkness fell over the whole building. And, the stablemen (σταθλάριος)
having run and kindled torch-lights and opened the door, 1 went in and ran
and fell at that poor man's feet trembling and beseeching and adjuring him
by God wlio made heaven and earth and all that is in them to let me know
whence lie was, and what he was, while he on his side continued repelling
me and saying : « Sir, pardon me, for I am a miserable poor man, and on
account of the severity (ἀνάγκη) of the winter I had begged permission to
come in at evening time and sleep and warm myself in this dung; and from
a poor man of this kind what can you learn? » And when l on my side had
thrown myself at his feet and was adjuring him, and they were all amazed
at me, while ] swore to him « 1 will not rise from this place and you shall
inform me of the truth », and when ! continued to press liim greatly and he
saw that 1 would not leave his feet he said to mo, « Dismiss vour slaves and
let them withdraw aud 1 will speak with vou ». And, when I had dismissed
the slaves and the stablemen (σταδλάριος) telling them to go outside, he began
