[515] LIVES OF TWO ANTIOCHENES. 169

ܕܒܐܣܟܡܐ ܡܫ̈ܡܣܐܼ ܡܬܚܙܝܢ ‎gon au]‏ ܒܣܘܥܪ̈ܢܐ ܕܝܢ ‎μοῦ‏ ܐܙܘܢ.. ܘܡܢ
ܗܳܝ ܕܝܢ ܠܡ ‎Ji Moya‏ ܐܢܐ ܠܗܘܢ: ܘܣܡܿܬ ܢܦܢܝ ܒܥܕܢ ܪܡܫܐ 5 ܪܗܘܢ ..
ܟܕ ܡܢ ‎Sas axo‏ ܐܢܐ ܠܗܘܢ.. ܟܕ ܗܢܘܢ ܡܛܠ ܕܠܐ ܐܢܫ ‎Jona‏ ܐܢܘܢ ܘܢܕܥ
ܒܗܘܢ.. ܟܠܗ ܪܡܫܐ ܥܕܡܐ ܕܡܬܚܚܡܠܐ ܗܘܬ ܟܠܗ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ..! ܡܬܟܪܟܝܢ ܗܘܘ
ܒܫ̈ܘܩܐ ܣ̈ܓܝܐܐ ܡܬܝܚܐܝܬ: ܟܕ ‎[eas CS‏ ܘܢܦܩܝܢ ܚܒܪܗ. ‎GS‏
‏ܒܕܘ̈ܟܝܬܐ ܥܣܶܩܬܐ܂ ܘܚܫܘ̈ܟܬܐ܂. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܠܡ ‎ol;‏ ܐܢܐ ܡܢ ܒܬܪܗܘܢ.. ܥܠ
ܩܠܝܠ ܡܬ ܚܐ ‎suas‏ ܗܘܝܬ ܠܗܘܢ.. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܠܡ ‎οἱ x5‏ ܬܠܬ ‎Ls"‏
‏ܕܠܠܝܐ ܡܢ ܟܕܘ ‎Krasus‏ ܗܘ̈ܝ: ܘܗܟܢܐ ܠܘܥܕܐ ܕܫܘܪܐ ܡܝܢ ‎Es /οοι‏ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ..
‎esso ep!‏ ܠܫܘܪܐ: ܟܕ ܐܦ ܐܢܐ ܥ݀ܡ ܡܿܡܓܢܒܙܐܝܬ ܒܬܪܗܘܢ ‎ao‏ ܗܘܝܬ.ܣ
ܘܟܕ ܠܥܡ ܐܢܐ ‎uasa Maa‏ ܠܥܬܠܝܝܬܐ ‎Aon Maso fiass‏ ܐܢܘܢ ‎Q3.)‏
‏ܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܠܘܩܒܠ ܡܕܢܚܐ.. ܘܡܬܚܘ ܕܪ̈ܥܝܗܘܢ ܒܕܥܘܬܐ ‎ον νυν‏ ܒܕܡܘܬܐ ‎JM‏
‏ܘܒܬܪ ܥܕܢܐ ‎as‏ ܥܠ ܐܦܫ̈ܗܘܢ ܒܝܠܘܐܐ.. ܘܩܡ̣ܘ ܘܬܘܒ ‎ados‏ ܥܠ ܐܦܝ̈ܗܘܢ
‎Jas es‏ ܘܩܝܼܡܘ ܬܘܒ ܢܦܠܘ ‎be Sais [iso‏ ܣܓܝܐܐ .. ܘܒܬܪܟܢ܂ ܝܬܒܘ

1. Ms. ins. go. — 2. Ms. with poin(s. .

persons who in garb (σγῆμα) appear to be mime-actors (μῖμος) are in actions
spiritual persons’, and from that time | began to observe them, aud at
evening time 1 posted myself behind them, keeping close opposite to them.
while they, in order that no one should observe them and find them out,
continued the whole evening until the whole city was being gathered in
going round many streets by a long course, going in by one street and
coming out by another, and crossing rough and dark places, so that ] also
followed after them at a short distance, so that two or three hours of the
night! were already past, and so, after the city had become still, they directed
their course to the line of the wall, and mounted the wall, while 1 also was
stealthily mounting after them. And, keeping myself close to a pinnacle
of the wall, 1 stood up, and I saw that both placed themselves standing
with their faces toward tlie east, and stretched out their arms to heaven
in prayer in tlie form of a cross, aud after a time they fel] upon their faces
in prayer, and they stood up and again fell upon their faces in prayer, and
they stood up again and fell down and they went through the same form for

1. Ilere again the hours seem to be reckoned from midnight, sinee the eily can hardly have been
quiet al 8 or 9 PM; see p. 305, n. 1.
