‎LIFE OF KASIHISIT. 161‏ ]507[
‎SJ NS S do flop‏ ܕܝܠܝܦ ܗܘܐ 9[ ‎n Mea‏ ܗܟܢܐ ܟܘܠ ܐܝܟܐ 5.5« ‎Joa‏
‏ܦܠܬܚ ܗܘܐ. ܘܥܒܬܕ ܗܘܐ ܠܘ ܒܠ ܘܕ ܠܣܘܢܩܢܗ ܕܝܠܗ. ܐܠܐ ܐܝܟܐ ܕܡܫܬܟܝ
ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܡܠܘܐܐ ‎NEAN‏ ܐܦ ܐ[ ܘܣܳܢܝܐ ܘܡܣܟܢܐ ܕܡܣܐܬܩܟܥܝܢ ܝܗܒ ‎Jox‏
‎Εαν où‏ ܕܦܘܠ .ܢܗ. ܒܫܪܟܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܕܘ̈ܟܫܬܐ ܕܠܐ ܫܟܝܝܝ ܠܗ ܦܘܠܚܝܢܐ.. ‎pk‏
‎σοι‏ ܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ. ‎EE fins)‏ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܢ ‎Joo [is y‏ : ܤܣܫܒܪܬܗ ܡܢ ܝܪܩܐ
ܕܕܒܪܐ ‎Léo‏ ܗܘܐ .+ ‎οἱ‏ ܡܝܢ ‎je‏ ܕܐܝ̈ܠܢܐ ܕܡܕܒܪܐ. ܟܕ ܓܝܪ ܗܠܝܢ ܡܢܗ ܫܡܿܥܝܢ
ܗܘܝܢ܂. ܡܬܐܬܡܗܝܢ ‎Reco!‏ ܘܡܬ ܕܡܪܝܢ ܒܚܫܠܬܢܘܬܗ ܘܓܢܒܪܘܬܗ ܕܦܥܬܐ ܟܫܝܪܐ̇.
ܕܟܡܐ ‎/οοι‏ ܚܝܠܗ ‎[Lazio ÈS‏ ܘܠܡܣܚܒܪܘ ° ܣܩ̈ܘܒܠܐ ‎«^e‏ ܩܫ̈ܝܐ
ܘܬܩܫ̈ܦܐ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ‎ve bas δ Ets y‏ ܕܐܟܤܢܫܘܬܐ ‎ANS‏
‏ܘܒܛܘܪܦܐ ܕܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ‎SAX‏ ܐܬܥܕܝ ܡܢ ܚܘܒܐ ܕܐܚܘܬܐ ܕܠܘܬܢ ܘܝܬܒ ܒܐܠܦܐ..
ܘܐܬܐ ܘܡܿܪܬܥ ܠܟܝܘܣ ܓܐ ܪܬܐ ‎Je‏ ܡܝܢ ܐܬ̈ܘܬܐ ‎Ja‏ ܘܟܕ ‎LR‏ ܐܫܬܗܝ
‎Maio)‏ ܓܕ̈ܡܘܗܝ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܚܣܝܕܘܪܐ ܣܗܕܐ ܪܒܐ: ܘܐܓܪ ܬܡܢ ܝܘ̈ܡܬܐ.. ܝܦܐ
ܠܗ ܓܙܪܬܐ ܗܳܝ܂ ܘܥܡܼܪ ܒܗܿ. ܡܛܘܠ ܕܐܦ ܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ ܣܓܺܝܐܐ ܒܙܒܝܢ ܪܕܘܦܝܐ >
‎NS πο...‏ ܐܟܣܢܘܕܘܟܐ ܕܥܒܕܕܬ ܗܘܬ ‎Jiosol ὁι‏ ܡܠܟܬܐ.

‎colours, which he had learned in Egypt. Thus wherever he was settled he
worked; and he would make things not only for his own special need, but
where lie could find material for his trade he would also give the rest of his
earnings to the strangers and the poor who were at hand. But in the other
places where it was impossible to carry on his trade he was in great straits;
so that, as he would relate, his sustenance often came [rom wild herbs,
or from the fruit of thetrees of the desert. But, when we heard these things
from him, we used to marvel and wonder at the forlitude and lieroiam of the
strenuous worker, how great his strength was to bear trials and to endure
these grievous and severe mischances. When he had completed about
thirteen years in these conllicts (ἀγών) of peregrination, and in wearisome
travelling through the upper countries, he was constrained. by love of the
brotherhood that was with us to embark upon a ship, and he came aud
arrived at Chios an island of the sea from the upper countries : and, when he
had received the privilege of worshipping the colliu of the blessed. Isidore
the great martyr, and had remained there some days, that island pleased him,
and he took up his residence in it; since many believers were indeed lo he
found in it at the time of the persecution, on account of a hospital (£ev3272]'
which Theodora the queen had made in it (and she established monks Ίος,

‎l. See p. 467, n. 4.

‎*131 1? ἢ,
