‎JOIN OF EPTIESUS. [504]‏ 158
ܘܒܬܪ ܗܠܝܢ ܥܒܕܪܘܢ ܠܟܝܘܣ ܓܐ ܪܬܐ ܘܐܩܓܚܡܘܢ ܒܗ ܐܦܝܣܩܦܐ.. ܠܐܢܫ ܕܫܡܗ
ܗܘܐ܂ ܩܫܝܫ. ܡܝܢ ܕܝܪܗ ܕܝܘܚܢܢ ܕܐܦܣܘܣ. ܕܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ ܬܙܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ.. ܡܢ ܕܝܪܐ
‎Ne‏ ܡܪܝ ܝܘܚܢܢ ‎colo él‏ !43.99« ܘܥܒܪܘܢ ‎los‏ ܕܩܪܝܐ|܂. ܘܐܩܚܡܘܢ
ܬܡܢ ܐܦܫܶܣܩܦܐ ܬܪ̈ܝܢ. > ܕܫܡܗ ܗܘܐ ܦܘܠܘܣ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܕܫܡܗܘ̇ ܐܦܪܘܕܝܣܝܕܐ!.
ܘܠܐܚܪܢܐ ܕܫܡܗ ܗܘܐ ‎μα,‏ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎Sues;‏ ܐܠܥܢܕܐ. ‎καλοὶ‏ ܟܠܗܘܢ

‏ܐܦܝ̈ܣܩܘܦܐ ‎cao‏ ܐܦܫ̈ܣܩܘܦܐ ܕܗ̇ܘܝܢ ܒܡܢܝܢܐ ‎«m»‏ ᾿ ܘܦܥܠܐ: ܠܝܘܟ ‎a.‏

‏ܦܛܪ̈ܝܪܟܐ ‎oo wo‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܝܥܩܘܒ ܥܡܕ ܫܪܟܐ ܕܐܦܚ̈ܣܩܘܦܐ ܐܚܖܪ̈ܢܐ ‎DS «ΕΞ‏
ܩܠܝܪܘܣ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܒܟܘܠܗܘܢ ܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ‎Je Bao‏ ܣܓܝܐܐ ‎«Ὁ‏ ܡܝܢ
ܗܠܝܝܢ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܒܩܪܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܝܠܢ ܗܘܼܘ܂. ܟܕ ܥܠ ܫܪܪܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܟܘܠܗܝܢ ܬܟܝܬܐܝܬܬܐ
‎IE NM EY‏ ܕܗܟܢܐ ‎SR)‏ ܘܐܝܟ ܕܠܝܕܥܬܐ ‎xo‏ ܒܬܐܪܟܢ. ْ ܠܘܬ
ܪܘܡܐ ܕܥܘܗܕܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܢܢ ܐܢܝ̈ܢ. ܥܠ ܕܝܢ ܪܘܡܐ ܕܕܘܒܕ̈ܘܗܝ: ܘܚܠܝܨܘܬܗ ‎otloia sa o‏
ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ‎San‏ ,+ ܪܫܚܡ ܗܘ ܠܢ ‎JAM‏ ܕܩܕ ܗܕܐ܀
ܫܠܼܡܬ ܬܫܟܝܬܐ ܕܐܦܝܣܩܦܐ ܬܪ̈ܝܢ ܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ ‎dun‏
‏ܘܐܠܗܝܐ: ‎sans,‏ ܘܬܐܘܕܘܪ̈ܐܝ܀

‎1. Mx. 152225019] ; corr. ΝΟ].

‎and set up a bishop in it, ἃ man whose name was Kashish' from the monas-
tery of John of Ephesus, both of whom were from the monastery of the
house of Mar John at Amida. And again they went back and crossed to
tlie regions of Caria, and there they set up two bishops, one whose name
was Paul in a city the name of which is Aphrodisias?, and another whose
name was Julian in a city the name of which is Alabanda?. These are all
the bishops and arehbishops, who are in number twenty-seven, besides two
patriarchs whom the blessed James ordained with all the other bishops,
besides many clergy in all the eastern and western countries. Many of all
these were instituted in our presence, and with regard to tho truth of all
these things we give confident and truthlul witness that they were done as
above, and we have made a commemorative record of them for the knowledge
of posterity; but of the sublime manner of life of the blessed James, and his
courage and perfection, we have made a record in the preceding history.

‎The history of two bishops the excellent and divine blessed men, James and
Theodore, is ended.

‎1. See p. ἀπῇ and ch. 51, — 2. Ms. 99) λόγο — 3. The interpolated life adds John of Dara;
see nole (here.
