ܡ 335 *

‎JOIIN OF EPIIESUS. [518]‏ 172
‎INL‏ ܡܝܢ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ.. ܒܕܚܠܬܐ܆. ܘܒܚܝܕܘܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ . ‎Jan)‏ ܕܐܦ ‎«αμοι‏ ܢܚܬܘܢ
ܠܕܪܬܐ ‎Mie‏ ܘܟܕ ‎jeM‏ ܒܬܟܝܿܕܐ ܕܡܒܝܡܣܘܬܐ܂ ܠܘܬ ‎κ. Λο ais‏ ܗܘܟ.!
ܒܠܠܝܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܬܙ̈ܝܢ.. ܒܦܛܪܬ ܥܕܢܐ܂ ܘܣܝܠܩܬ ܬܘܒ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ: ܘܟܕ ܥܠ ‎ue)‏ ܥܕܐ
ܐܢܐ ܡܬ ܟܫܦ ܗܘܝܬ ܠܗܘܢ.. ܕܠܐ ‎κο.‏ ܕ݁ܡܶܢ ܐܢܘܢ ܘܡܢܐ ܘܐܝܟܢ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
ܦܘܠܚܢܗܘܢ.. ܘܡܢܐ ܘܐܝܟܢ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ° ‎ECT ο TR‏ ܕܝܢ ‎JUN LA‏
‎ol‏ ܠܢ ‎Nile‏ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܢܠܛܪ ܐܢܬ ܠܢ ‎koh is‏ ܥܠܝܢ܇. ܘܠܐ ‎aol‏
‏ܠܢ ܘܬܘܕܥ ‎Es‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܢܝܚ ‎PS‏ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܗܕܐ ܕܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܕܟܪ̈ܣܛܝܢܐ܂
ܘܚܢܝܢ ܡܟܝܠ ܠܐ ܡܟܣܝܢ ܚܢܢ ܡܕܡ ‎B‏ ܘܟܕ ‎Άρα. οἱ‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܬܒܥܘܢ
ܐܡܪܘܢ ‎AN‏ ܕܥ ܗܟܝܚܠ ‎ew λογος‏ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܬܐܘܦܝܠܘܣ܂ ܘܡܐܪܝܐ܂.
ܐܬܝܢ ܕܝܢ ‎«mx‏ ܡܢ ܐܢܛܝܘܟܝܐ' ° ܪܒܬܐ ܒܝ̈ܢܝ ܙ̈ܝܫܢܫܗ̇ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ .- ܘܬܙ̈ܝܢ
‎OA Luc‏ ܠܐܒ̈ܗܝܢ.' ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܒܚܕ ܥܘܕܪܢܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܠܐܣܟܡܐ ܗܢ ܐ ‎ll‏
‏ܡܛܠ ܒܢܝܢܟ ° ܘܡܛܠ ܬܫܒܘܚܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܢܡܥ .! ܟܕ ܐܢܐ ܬܐܘܦܝܠܘܣ ‎Le‏
‏ܥܠܝܝܡܐ ‎δα»)‏ ܐܝܟ ܒܪ ‎is Je o‏ ܐܝܬܝ ‎Ro‏ + ܐܬܦܝܼܩܕ ܠܫܚ ܡܢ ܐܒܫ

‎1. Ms with points... — 2, Ms. ‏ܐܝܬܘܗܝ‎ — 3. Ms, ‏ܚܝ ܢ ܗܢܘܢ‎ 4. Ms. 1. (corr. 1). — 5. Ms. ins. Silo
tB» deleled. — 6. Ms. gosatss. — 7. Ms. ‏ܐܢܛܝܘܦܐ‎ (corr. 15). — 8. Ms. ple.

‎restraint ; and, having strictly cautioned me, they gave me permission. And
so 1 went down from them, iu fear and in great joy, as they too went down
to the court of the church, and when day broke they were to be scen acting
mines before everyone. But on the second night 1 waited for the hour, and
went up agaiu to them, and, having cast myself upon my face, 1 continued
entreating them not to conccal from me what they were, and what and of
what nature their service was, and what their names were and how the
names ran. They on their side say to me, * Do vou also give us your word
that you will keep truth to us to keep our matter secret, and not cause us
distress and give information about us, because welike being in this eity which
is a city of Christians, and we on our part will thenceforth noi hide anything
from you”. And on my giving them my word as they required of me they
said to me : ‘Know then first that our names are Theophilus and Maria, and
we are by our birth (γένος) from Antioch the great, children οἵ men of emi-
neuce in the city, and we were both only children of our parents: but how
it was that by God's help we came to adopt this garb (σχῆμα) hear Tor. your
edification and for God's glorv. When I Theophilus the sinner was a little lad
of ahout fifteen ycars, 1 was ordered by my father to take five horses and some
