[523] LIVES OF TWO ANTIOCIIENES. 177

‎Je - Lys‏ ܐܢܬ ܠܝ ܟܡܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ ‎ENT HS‏ ܐܢ ܕܝܢ ܒܚܕܐ ܡܢ ܗܥܝܢ
‎cl‏ ܠܘܐܝ: ܠܐ ܬܘܒ ‎JE‏ ܐܢܬ ܠܝ ܒܗܠܝܢ ܚ̈ܝܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎Hs‏ ܗܘܝܬ ܠܡ
‎d‏ ܘܒܕܘ̈ܟܝܬܐ ܕܓܢܝ̈ܢ ‎οἱ‏ ܠܒܪ ܡܢ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎Auot n‏ ܠܗ. ܘܡܬܒܝܝܐ̇
ܐܢܐ ܡܢ ܡܪܬܝܢܘܬܗ ܪܘܚܢܝܬܐ.. ܥܕܡܐ ‎dt‏ ܒܫܢ ܬܐ' ܐܒ̈ܝܗܐ ܕܬܪ̈ܝܢ ܡܝܬܘ..
ܘܐܝܟܡ ܦܘܩܕܢܗ ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ‎où‏ ܣܥܪܢܢ ‎Jus] νο‏ ܕܐܦ ‎Na‏ ܠܝ ܚܬܝ
‎D JS iuo;‏ ܡܛܠ ‎2o ss‏ ܐܫܬܘܼܝܬ ܠܕܠܘܬܗ ‎od) Xo‏ ܘܒܘܪܟܬܗ
ܘܡܪܬܝܢܘܬܗ ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ܗܽܘܢ. ܘܢܦܩܢܝܢ ܒܬܪ ܚܝ̈ܐ ܕܠܐ ܕܦܬܐ ܘܐܝܬܝܢ ‎L3 [οι‏
‎ο Jo‏ ܟܕ ܚܕ ‎καλὸ‏ ܒܫܘܬܦܘܬܐ ܒܣܪܢܝܬܐ ܠܐ ܐܬܐܦܠܦܠ: ܘܠܐܢܫ ܗܕܐ ܠܐ
ܐܬܓܕܠܝܬ: ܘܐܚܪܢܐ ܒܪܐܙܢ ܠܐ ‎a‏ ܐܸܢ ܐܢܬ: ܗܕܐ ܕܡܿܬܚܙܝܐ ܠܢ ܕܡܛܠ
‎Lila,‏ ܕܝܠܟ ܗܘܼܬ. ܘܗܢܐ ܚܢܢ ܡܠܬܗ ‎Laos‏ ܐܒܘܢ ܦ ܪܘܩ ܘܘ .ܢ ܣ ܐܡܝܪܝܢܝܢ
‎cox‏ ܕܟܘܠ ܟܡܐ ‎εν‏ ܐܢܬ ܠܢ ‎μὰ‏ ܘܠܐ ‎ES‏ ܐܢܬ ܒܢ ܩܕܡ ‎ΠῚ Ex‏
ܐܲܢ ܐܝܟ ܐܣܟܡܐ ܕܡܫ̈ܡܣܐ”. ܗܢܐ ܕܒܪܗ ܡܒܐܣܬܪܝܢܢ ‎«Nl [οι +. al‏
ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܗܕܐ ‎Re‏ ܠܢ ܐܢ ܕܝܢ ‎fau‏ ܐܚܪܢܐ ܬܚܘܐ ܠܘܬܢ: ܕܥ ܕܐܬܔܓܠܙܬ

‎1. Ms. with points τν — 2. Ms. ‏ܐܘܡܬܟܝܬ‎ — 3, Ms. boss. — 4, Corr. from ‏ܐܦܢܬܬܐ‎ --5. Ms. om. pl.
marks, but ins, under line,

‎me before onlookers, you shall see me as long as you observe these things.
Dut, if you practise any of these things toward me, you will not see me
again in this life ». And so 1 used to observe times, and make obeisance
to him in secret places or outside the city, and receive consolation from his
spiritual admonition, until in the same year the parents of both of us died,
and we did everything as that saint ordered, even as my spiritual sister
aequiesced in my purpose in everything, since she too received the privilege
of the prayer and the sight and the blessing and the admonition of that saint,
and we went out in pursuit of the life without care aud have so continued
to the present time, while neither of us has been besmirched by carnal inter-
course, and this has not been revealed to anyone, and no other except you
knows our secret, whieh we think has happened for your profit. And now
we ourselves say to you the words of our holy father Procopius, that, as
long as you keep faith with us, and do not look upon us belore men except
in the guise (σχῆμα) of mime-actors (μίμος), under which we are concealing
our traffic, lo! we shall be in tliis city and you shall see us, but, if you show
any other behaviour toward us, know that you have been deprived of the
