[505] LIFE OF. KASIISI. 150

ܬܘܒ ܬܫܕܝܬܐ ܕܢܢܡܫܝܢ ‎wa‏ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ‎arp‏
‏ܐܦܝܣܘܩܘܦܐ ܕܟܝܘܣ ‎STO,‏

9+ ܘܟܝܠ ܐܦ ‎Jus‏ ܡܝܢ ‎Je‏ ܩܕ̈ܡܝܬܐ: ܥܘܗܕܢܐ ܥܒܝܼܕܢ ܕܫܪܒܐ ܕܬܫܥܝܬܗ

‎n‏ ܘܐ 6 ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܪܒܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎axxo ' «as‏ ܐܦܝ ܣܩܦܐ: ‎Lis DES el E‏ ܕܒܦܓܪ
ܥܡܝܢ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܂. ܠܐ ‎MM Na‏ ܘܐܦ ܠܐ ܡܝܢ ܒܬ ܪ ܥܘܢܕܢܗ ‎pans‏ :. ܥܠ
ܓܙܐ ‎JLss‏ ܥܘܬܪܐ ܪ̈ܘܚܢܝܐ ܕܙܘܒܪ̈ܘܗܝ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ ܘܕܥܡܠܘܗܝ ܝܩܫܝܕ̈ܐ. ܟܕ ܚܠ
ܩܕܝܫܐ ‎ai. ho‏ ܡܝܢ ܩܪܝܬܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ ‎Lo)‏ ܕܦܪܟܐ ܕܠܓܘ ܡܝܢ ܢܐܪܒܐ
‎sans‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ: ܟܕ ‎Nu‏ ܛܠܝܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ‎vob Jis)‏ ܡܢ
ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ.. 1.330 ‎CHR‏ ܘܐܒܪܘ̈ܘܗܝ܂ ‎4a suo‏ ܘܥܠ ܐܬܬܠܡܕ ܒܥܘܡܪܐ
‎xc:‏ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܕܒܝܬ ܡܪܝ ‎τοδὶ» x9‏ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ. ܟܕ ‎ο.» A olo‏ ܐܝܬܝܢ
ܗܘܝܢ ‎Joao, [Kansas‏ ܙܥܘܪܬܐ. ܘܒܚܚܕ ‎Las)‏ ܡܢܥܥܢܢ ܠܗ ܠܥܘܡܪܐ ܐܝܟ
‎Jis mis‏ ܚܘܠܫܥܣܪ̈ܐ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܐܝܟ ܚܕܐ ܡܬܐ ܕܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ ‎νο.»‏ ܘܒܩܪܝܢܐ
ܕܟܬܒ̈ܐ ‎μ.ο‏ ܐܚܢܐܝܬ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎sh‏ ܥܢ̈ܝܐ ܬܠܬܝܢ ܕܪܕܝܦܘܬܐ ܕܡܝܢ ܐܬ ;| ‎ΕΕ‏

‎NEXT THE FITTY-FIRST HISTOHY, OF THE BLESSED KASDISI nrsuOP Or TIE

‎ISLAND οἱ Οπως.

‎Since therefore in one of the previous histories also we made mention of
the subject of the history of the great blessed man of God our father Kashish
the bishop', when he was indeed still in the life in the body with us, we did
not think it right even after his deceasc also to withhold the treasure full of
spiritual riches of his great modes of life and of his honoured labours. This
saint therelore was bv birth. (γένος) from a village called that of * Aina. da
Frakha? which is beyond Nirba? d Skws, and, while he was still a little
boy, he was called by God's grace, and left his kin (γένος) and his parents, and
went out, and. entered our holy convent of the house of Mar John in the city
of Amida and received instruction there, while we ourselves also besides were
in the same convent at an carly period of age; and we cime to the convent at
the same time when about fifteen. years old; and thencelorth we were
trained together in labour and in the reading of the holy Seriptures in
brotherly fashion; insomuch that together we endured and. supported thirty

‎1. Ch. 39. — 2. &e. ‘spring of the Lemple".. - 3. Se. 17
