‎FIVES OF JAMES AND TIIEODOBRE. 155‏ ;501[
ܘܐܦܬ ܫܝ ܐܪܬܘܕܘܟܣܝܫܐ:. ܗܢܐ ܕܠܐ ܒܠ ܚ ܘܕ ܟܗ̈ܢܐ ‎je‏ ܘܡܕܬܐ ܟܠ ܦܢ̈ܝܢ.. ܐܠܐ
ܘܬܘܒ ܒܛܢܝ̣ܢܐ ܚܪܝܦܐ ܕܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ . ܘܐܦܠܐܼ ܕܪ̈ܝܫܝ ܟܗ̈ܢܐ ܗܿܢܘ ܕܝܢ ° ܦܚܣܩܘܦܐ
‎CT‏ ܕܢܬܦܪܣ܆. ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܐܥܒܢ ‎οἱ Kaas jo eio‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܕ ܒ̈ܛܟܣܐ ܕܩܢ̈ܘܢܐ
‎μοῦ‏ ܗܘܐ ܕܦܩܕܝܢ.. ܕܒܠܥܕ ‎JAN‏ ܐܦܝ̈ܣܧܘܦܝܢ ‎Jl‏ ܢܗܘܐ ܐܦܝܣܩܦܐ.. ܐܬܦܪܣ
‎x». Lys oce 5510‏ ܕܣܒܫܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܒܘܒܝܬܪܘܬ|ܐ. ܚܕ ܡܢ ‎ro | PU VN‏
ܡܢ ܐܝܣܘܪܝܐ.. ‎Kio Kio‏ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ. ܘܟܕ ܡܠܟܐ ܘܡܦܣܢܘܬܐ ‎Vos‏
‏ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܬܐ ܕܘܣ ܝܣ ܦܛܪܝܪܟܐ ܕܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ: ‎ès;‏ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܡܥ ܟܝܘܬܐ ܐܝܟ
ܕܒܐܟܣܘܪܝܐ ܕܚܠܦ ‎Jig‏ ܕܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ܟܠܐ ‎pp Jon‏ ܡܪܕܝܬܗ ‎oo‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܝܥܩܘܒ
ܥܡ ‎ο ο Lie‏ ܠܐܥܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ. ܟܕ ܣܥܘܪܘܬܐ ܕܬܘ ̈ܡܒܫܬܐ
ܕܟܗܢܘܬܐ ‎LAN‏ ܒܟܠܗܘܢ ܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ܕܡܝܢ ‎Jlase Kiss‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܣܦܪ̈ܝ ܝܡܐ
ܕܠܘܩܢܫܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܥܠ ܠܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ. ܘܟܕ ܒܥܢܝܢܐ ܗܘܐܼ ‎Lies‏ ܕܬܡܝܢ.. ܐܝܟ
: ܦܘܩܕܢܐ ‎waa)‏ ܡܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܬܐܘܕܣܚܘܣ ‎axo] . ον»‏ | ܘܥܒܕܕܘ ‎LOS‏
‎«οὐ‏ ܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ 7 ܦܝܣܩܘܦܐ. ܠܝܚܕ ܕܫܡܗ ܗܘܐ ܩܢܘܢ ܒܛܛܪܣܘܣ ܡܕܝܢܝܬܐ

‎aac o:‏ ܘܠܐܚܪܢܐ ܕܫܡܗ ‎βοῶν» mao‏ ܘܒܕܝܢܬܐ ܕܐܝܣܘܪܝܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ

‎1. « erased.

‎the ranks of the priesthood, and spread orthodoxy (ὀροδοξία) abroad, who nol
only marshalled priests aud supplied all quarters, but further also in keen
religious zeal did not shrink even from making provision [or ordaining and
appointing high-priests, that is bishops, also in every place; so that, since
he was careful to observe the regulations ol the canons which command
that without three bishops no bishop shall be instituted, he contrived to
bring with him (o monks of wood repute for excellence of life, one from
Cilicia and one from Isauria, and proceeded to the royal city; and, having
received the advice and permission of the blessed Theodosins patriareh of
Alexandria, who had been detained in the same royal city by way of exile
(ἐξορίχ) on behalf of the truth of the faith, the blessed James with tlie above-
mentioned monks directed his path to the city of Alexaudria, after fully
carrying out the ministry of the priesthood in all the countries [rom the royal
city as far as the sca-coasl of Lycaonia; aud so he entered Alexandria: and,
after he had been in communication with the saintly men there, in accordance
with the mandate received from the blessed Theodosins the patriareh, they
assembled, and made these two blessed men bishops, one whose name was

‎Conon in the eity of Tarsus of Cilicia, and the other whose name was Eugene

‎* 119 r? b.
