* 336 v^.

178 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [524]

ܡܢ ܚܙܬܢ ܕܒܦܓܪ: ܗܕܐ ܕܐܦ ܗܘܬ. ܗܟܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܝܘܚܢܢ
ܒܡܘ̈ܡܬܐ ܕܚ̈ܝܠܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ .. ‎Jig Jie Jlaawol Jf‏ ܩܕܡܝܢ ܡܬܢܐ ܗܘܐ
| ܟܕ ܒܠܟܐ ܗܘܐ ‎[o NS t‏ ܕܟܕ ܥܡ ܐܝܟ ܙܒܢܐ ‎JN‏ ܚܕܐ ܡܬ ܒܣܡ
ܗܽܘܝܬ ܒܡܢܝܢܝܗܘܢ ‎ees‏ 4.3030« ܗܘܘ ‎y‏ 5/50[ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܒܚ̈ܥܝܢܝ܆. ‎Jo‏
‏ܡܡܪܚ ܗܘܝܬ ܕܒܕܥܪܐ ‎«ooa,‏ ܐܝܟ ‎nu:‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܐܬܚ ܟܚ: ܫܒܩܘܢܝ
ܘܫܢܝܘ ܡܢ ܐܡܿܕ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ.. ‎Αν.» 3 || «olo‏ ܠܐܝܟܐ ‎by)‏ ܘܐܝܬ ܠܝ ܝܘܡܢܐ
ܫܒܥ ‎Li‏ ܕܢܦܩ ܐܢܐ ‎gos as‏ ܘܠܐ ‎Nas]‏ ܕܐܦܢ ܛܒܗܘܢ ܬܘܒ ܐ ܢܡܥ .±
ܚܢܢ ‎uso‏ ܐܚܡ ܕܡܢ ܐܬܘ̈ܬܗܘܢ° ܘܙܒܢܐ ܕܪܫܘܢܝܗܘܢ ܕܬ݀ܢܝ ܩܕܡܚܝܢ܇. ܟܕ ܠܡܕܒܪܐ
ܕܡܨ ܪܝܢ ‎NL‏ ܗܘܝܢ.. ܐܝܬܘܼܝܢܢ ‎Jlasdo oops‏ ܕܥܡܗܘܢ ܠܒܪ ܡܢ ܬܠܐ
‎JN eso‏ ܘܗܘܼܝܢܢ ܒܥܢܝܢܗܘܢ̈ ‎Jaen‏ ܟܕ ‎es 2à JM οἱ‏ ܬܠܬܐ

1. Ms. ‏.ܚܢܝܓܬܝܬ‎ — 2, Ms. om. pl. marks. — 3. Corr. from ‏܇ ܬܘܒ‎ — 4, Ms. with points. — 5. © corr.
from 0.

sight of us in the body', which indeed happened ». In this way therefore
ihe blessed John was repeating all these things in our presence with terrible
oaths by God witliout addition and without diminution, while he wept with
sobs and said : « After I had been delighting myself in the conversation of
the saints for the period of about one year, and they had been great in my
eyes as angels of God, and 1 had not dared to make use of insult toward
them as they desired, they left me and departed from the city of Amida, and
| never again discovered where they went, and it is to-day seven years that
| have been going out seeking them, and have not again been able even to
hear news of them». — We ourselves therefore from the descriptions of them
and the time of their disappearance which 118 repeated before us, when we
directed our steps to the desert of Egypt', gained the privilege of sceing
them, and of passing a night with them? outside the city of Thella?, and we
enjoyed their holy conversation, while that young woman also said to us

1. Ile seems to mean that he saw them before the above story was [1 him and from it identified
{hem. His last visit to Egypt was in 541 (Introd., p. v), which would make the event fall while he was
Still in Amida, if he had already heard the narrative given 9 yrs. a'terwards (p. 512). Moreover
the ref. to the time seems to imply that he saw them soon after they left Amida. — 2. If this is (rue,
it is strange that he tells their story secondhand, and I suspect 11181 the statement is made in order
that he may not appear to. depart from 1110 rule of nof relating lives of persons nol personally known
to him, though hie may well have seen a couple whom he supposed to be the heroes of the story. —
3. Constantina,
