* 333 v*.

‎JOIIN OF EPHESUS. [512]‏ 166
ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ܂. ܡܬܡܼܪܡܪ ܗܘܐ ܒܒܟܬܐ ܟܕ ‎sex]‏ ܕܡܢܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܝ ܕܐܸܡܿܪ ܠܟܘܢ.. ‎bl:‏
‎Los‏ ܐܒܕܬܐ ‎2r σος‏ ܘܚܘܡܬܐ ܗܐ ‎Jas)‏ ܕܫܒܥ ‎μας‏ 9« ܐܢܐ
ܘܡܬ ܟܪܟ ܐܢܐ ܒܡܿܡܡܐ ܘܒܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ܘܒܬܕ̈ܝܢܬܐ ‎οὶ‏ ܘܠܬܬܟܚܝܬܗܿ ܠܐ ܐܘܬܬܘܝܬ: ‎μα.‏
‎LS e]‏ ܗܕܐ ܕܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܒܒܥܬܐ ܗܕܐ ‎AH‏ ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܥܠ ܐܲܒܕܬܐ ‎uà‏
‏ܡܥܩܟܒܝܢ ܗܘܶܝܢ ܥܡܗ. ܡܬܢܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܢ ܟܕ ܒܬܟܐ 5560 ܕܗܐ ܩܕܡ ܐܠܗܐ
ܐܡܿܪ ܐܢܐ ‎ui)‏ ܕܠܐ ܡܿܕܓܠ ‎μὲ‏ ܠܟܘܢ ܒܝܚܕ ܬܘܢܝܐ' ܕܬܗܪܐ ܕܡܝܕܡ ‎Λο‏
‎Jrasa Jaïsls Assoso‏ ܘܡܢܗܘܢ'. ܟܕ ‎EE ao‏ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎E‏ ܐܢܢܝܐ
‎sal‏ ܐܝܬܝ ܗܽܘܝܬ܂. ‎μ.ο‏ ܗܘܺܝܬ ܘܐܡܝܢ ܗܘܺܝܬ ܒܬܐܫܡܡܒܫܬܐ ܘܒܢ ܗܪܐ ܕܥܕܬܐ
ܩܕܝܫܬܐ ‎JE:‏ ܗܽܘܝܬ ܐܝܟ ܕܒܬܣܟܝܡܐ ܕܡܫܚܡܣܐ ܥܠ ܝܡܐ ܚܕ ܫܦܦܝܪ ܚܬܘܐ:
ܘܥܡܗ ܬܘܒ ܛܠܝܬܐ ܥܠܚܡܬܐ ܕܠܐ ° ܡܬܬܨܝܪ ܫܘܦܪܗܿ: ܘܚܙܘܗ̇ ܦܐܐ ܘܬܡܚܗ.. ܐܝܟ
ܐܣܟܡܐ ܕܦܘܪܢܐ ‎Lans;‏ ܗܘܬ ܠܗ: ܘܡܬܗܦܟܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܒܐܬܣܟܡܐ ‎où‏
‏ܐܝܠܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܢܛܥܘܢ ‎LES‏ ܕܕܠܡܐ ܐܢܫ ܢܪܓܫ ܘܢܕܥ ܕܡܝܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ..

‎1. Here. begins a fragm. in F (see Inir., p. vin), f. 112 ‏"ܐ‎ (the preceding leaf being lost), from which

‎I supply illegible words and letters. — 2. Ms. with points:. — 3. Ms. with points. — 4, Ms. soux.
Points^ follow. — 5. Ms. its.

‎things, and especially with adjurations, he would weep bitterly, saying,
« What have Τ to say to vou? for Il, unhappy man that I am, sullered a spiritual
loss, and to-day it is now a space of seven vears that I have been going out
and going round the peoples and the countries and the cities, and I have not
suceceded in finding it, insomuch that it was on this quest that 1 came to this
roval eily ». When we questioned him as to that loss, he would tell us
the story, weeping and saying, « Lo! in the sight of God I say, my brethren,
that [will not lie to vou iu telling the astounding story of what 1 saw and
heard in certain perfect persons and' from them. — When I was in the city
of Amida nine years ago?, and was constantly devotiug myself to reciting
the service and lo vigil in the holy church, I used to sec à young man of
handsome appearance as in the garb (σχῆμα) of a mime-actor (μίμος), and
with hin moreover a voung girl whose beauty cannot be portrayed and
whose appearance was comely and marvellous accompanied him in the garb
(αμα) 01 à courtezan (πόρνη), and they used to go about the city in that
assumed garb (cyäua) in order Lo deceive the spectators, lest anyone should
perecive and know what they were, and, they used constantly to perform

‎1 Ms. our. — 2. This must have been after the. author [eft Amida (537), and was probably nol
much before 411 {see end ot eh.\,
