‎LIVES OF TWO ANTIOCIHZNES. 165‏ ]511[
ܪܘܚܢܝܬܐ. ܘܣܓܚܐܬ ܡܠܘܐ ܪܒܐ ‎files‏ ܣܟ̈ܝܣܐ:. ܕܡܝܢ ܣ̈ܓܝܐܐ ܢܒܥܝܢ ‎SI‏
‎el‏ ܕܚܦܝܛܝܢ ܥܠ ܬܓܘܪܬܐ ܛܒܬܐ ܕܚܬ̈ܫܗܘܢ.. ‎KO‏ ܒܫܘܬܪ̈ܢܐ ”“ܥܦܝܦܐ
‎μοι» 99) «Ml ουν‏ ܕܥܬܝܕܝܚܢ ‎Νου» «2h ce‏ ܒܝܕ ‎ASS‏
‎Jes‏ ܨܠܡܝܗܘܢ ܬܡܝܗܐ ‎Sep‏ ܟܕ ‎RES Jl‏ ܕܰܫܡܶܝܢܢ ‎JAN‏ ܡܢ ‎vl‏
‏ܕܒܫܡܥܐ 22 ܘܝܥܝܦܢ ܚܬܝܬܐܝܬ: ܡܝܢ ‎AIS‏ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎où‏ ܕ̈ܚܙܝܐ 2200[
ܕܝܠ ܗܘܢ ‎v Jso js:‏ ܩܬ̈ܕܝܫܐ ܗܘܐ: ܘܥܠ ‎Lis‏ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܠܝܦ ‎Koons‏
‏ܘܠܘܬܝ ‎Kaas‏ ܒܝܕ ‎:Luol‏ ܕܒܡܥܡܪܐ ܕܥܡܢ ‎“his‏ ܬܡ̈ܢܐ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܫܘܠܡܐ
ܕܚܚ̈ܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ‎s.‏ ܐܝܢܐ ܕܒܒܥܬܐ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ ܕܦܪ̈ܨܘܦܐ ܕܡܢܗܘܢ ܐܬܓܙܝ ‎asilo‏ ܫܢ̈ܝܐ' °
‎Na‏ ܢܦܩ ܗܘܐ ! ‎où‏ ܗܟܝܠ ‎Ja ba‏ ܩܕܝܫܐ.. ܡܝܢ ܓ ܙ ܣܐ ܝܕܝܠܝܐ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ .. ܡܢ ‎£pl‏ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎Ne‏ ܢܗ̈ܝܢ.ْ ܕܒܐܣܟܡ ܐ ܡܶܢ | ‎voto‏
‏ܕܩܠܝܪܝܘܩܐ: ܫܡܗ ܗܘܐ ܕܝܢ܂ ܝܘܚܝܬܝܢ. ‎I Woo Lo‏ ܐܝܕܐ ܘܚܢ̈ܓܬܐ..
ܒܟܘܠ ‎ᾖαν»ο ο.‏ ܕܥܡܝܢ ܒܡܕܝܢܬ ‎pepe Has‏ ܗܘܝܢ ‎Nas‏ ܠܕ ܢ : ܐܝܟܢܐ
ܕܟܕ ܒܣ̈ܓܝܐܬܐ ܥܠ ‎JS‏ ܕܗܠܝܢ ‎"opas‏ ܡܿܥܩܒܝܢ ‎Géo‏ : ܒܡ̈ܿܡܘܡܬܐ ܕܝܢ

‎1. Corr. from 136522. — 2. Ms, ‏ܐܕܫܠܐܢܝܐ‎ — 3. Ms. lae. — 5. Ms. wilh points. .— 5. Ms. 9e»

‎besides and the great abundauce of massed profits which spring from many
persons to all wlio are desirous of tlie good traffic that is concerned with
their lives and rejoice in the double spiritual. profits wlieh will arise from
the persons (πρόσωπον) whose marvellous likenesses we are about though
obseurely to trace by means of our contemptible words, by no means stating
more than what we received hy report and accurately learned. [rom God's
bondman who saw and was in close contact with these sume holy persons
(πρόσωπον) and learned the rest fronr them in secret and imparted it to 0
by repetition, who was a fellow-resident with us for eight years till the end
of his life, who for seven years went out iu quest of the same persons (πρόσω-
πον) of whom he had been deprived and from whom be had been separated.
This perfect saint therefore belonged to a dislinguished family (γένος) from
the city of Amida in Mesopotamia, wearing the habit (σχῆμα) of a clergy man,
and his name was John. This man therefore during the whole of the resi-
dence with us in the royal eily ' we always saw shedding copious tears and
sobbing, so that, when we questioned. him closely as to the reason of these

‎1. From this we should suppose that he did not tell the story Lil lec end o; liis 8 years in CP. ; vel

‎from the words pul in the narralors mouth the story apponrs 1 have been told iminediatels
aller the 7 years! peregrinationis.
