[521] LIVES OF TWO ANTIOCHENES. 175

100 ‏ܕܝܢ‎ M ‏ܐܡܪ‎ BI ‏ܕܙܠܬ̈ܩܐ ܕܢܘܪܐ ܕܢܠܦܩܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܡܝܢ ܦܘܡܟ‎ Jor.
. ‏ܐܝܬܝ܆. ܐܠܐ ܡܛܠ ܕܨܒܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܒܦܘܿܩܝܧܟ‎ KIA pl ‏ܒܪܝ ܡܬ‎ μὶ ‏ܕܠܘ‎

‎JUN y 15‏ ܗܕܐ ‎iso‏ ܐܬܐܝ ܠܟ .! ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܥܡ ܬܘܒ ‎DN‏ ܗܒܘܝܬ

‎μι ‏ܐܢܐ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܠܒܢ‎ ᾿ς ‏ܕܠܐ ܡܘܕܥ ܐܢܐ ܘܠܐ‎ JAN ‏ܒܡܘ̈ܡܬܐ‎ où
ΕΞ) ‏ܕܡܛܠ ܠܡ ܕܐܠܗܐ‎ qe] ‏ܒܚ̈ܝܚܘܗܝ: ܗܿܝܕܝܢ ܫܪܝ ܕܢܫܬܥܐ ܠܝ܂ ܟܕ‎
LAM bl: Jo Js m Lilo [M ‏ܡܢ‎ wo ios rs
45 ‏ܘܐܝܝܬܝ‎ soot Na] ‏ܫܡܐ ܕܝܠܝ ܡܶܢ ܦܪܩܘܦܝܣܐ‎ UN ον
‏ܕܢܥܒܕܘܢ‎ as ‏ܐܢܫܐ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ ܘܐܝ̈ܕܝܥܐ ܕܪܘܡܐ. ܘܟܕ ܡܟܪܘ ܠܝܚ ܐܒܗ̈ܝ ܐܢܬܬܐ:‎ eis
.. ‏ܠܦܐ‎ so Maia ‏ܐܝܟ ܕܒܥܠܡܐ,. ܘܟܕ ܛܘܝܒܐ ܗܘܐ .. ܐܢܐ‎ Jlokaso ‏ܠܫ‎
‏ܟܕ ܒܝܫ̈ܫܬܗ ܕܥܠܡܐ‎ Russo ‏ܗܠܝܢ‎ JAo34]] Asus . Jai; ‏ܘܒܝܕ ܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ‎
‏ܐܢܬ‎ JE ‏ܐܝܟ‎ Lao ‏ܘܗܐ ܐܝܬܝ‎ cias ‏ܘܢܣܿܝܘܢܘܗܝ ܐܣܟܬ ܥܠ‎ ολα. ο
Jege ‏ܘܕܥ‎ πο πο ον ος σας [aoo EY ‏ܠܐ‎ Lace Jo oM
ea ‏ܕܥܬܝܕ ܠܟ.' ܗܐ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܚܝܕܝܐ ܐܢܬ ܠܐܒ̈ܗܝܟ܇. ܘܡܟܝܼܪܘ ܠܟ ܡܟܝܪܬܐ ܕܐܦ‎

‎1. Ms. with points. — 2. Ms. with stop following. — 3. Ms. we9a0;9 (351 18 ins, above 1116. —
5. Ms. vis.

‎to say, « What, my son, did you see in me that you were so insistent with
me?» And I said to him, « A vision of rays of fire proceeding from your
mouth while you were praying ». He on his side said to me, « It is not
1. my son, who am anything of this kind, but because God wishes for your
salvation and wishes to bestow this sight upon vou it appeared to vou in
this wav». But, when I went on continuing to press him with terrible oaths
that 1 would not give any information or disclosure to men about him while
he lived, then he began to relate a story to me saying : « Since God wished
to choose you. my son, that vou may flee from the world and live a lif.
without care, listen. As for me, the sinner and poor man whom you see,
my name is Procopius, and 1 am son of great and distinguished people of
Rome. And, when my parents betrothed a wife to me, and wished to hold
a marriage-feast for me according to the worldly custom, and when th«
preparations had been made, | for my part left them and went on ‏ܠܬ‎
‎ship, and by the guidance of God I arrived in these eastern countries, having
taken into consideration the evils of the world and its distresses and tempta-
tions, and now lo! | have been as you see me for no small number of years.
And now, mv son, hear from me myself the poor man, aud know what is
in store for vou. Lo! vou are the only child of vour parents, and they
betrothed a bride to vou wlio is also the only child of her parents. Know
