‎SPURIOUS LIFE OF JAMES. 240‏ ]595[
ܒܦܘܪܫܢܐ ‎No,‏ ܐܠܪܗܐ. ܐܚܡ ܡܶܢ ܕܢܠܬܒܪܡ ܡܢ ‎Lisa)‏ ܘܢܫܐܠ ܨܠܝܘܬܗ.
ܐܚܝܕ ܗܘܐ ܕܝܢ ܥܝܕܐ ‎μοι‏ ܡܢ ܙܒܢܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ . ܫܘܫܒܝܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ
ܠܓܒܪܐ ‎μοι‏ + ܕܒܬܓܡܐ ‎Joa‏ ܩܫܝܫܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ . ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܚܙܝܗܝ ܩܫܝܫܐ
ܠܫܘܫܒܝܢܗ ܕܐܡܝܢܐܝܬ ܐ ܙܠ ܗܘܐ ܨܝܕ ܛܘܒܢܐ.. ܐܡܪ ‎où‏ ܠܡܢܐ ܡܒܛܠ ܐܢܬ
ܦܘܠܚܢܟ ܝܘܡ ܡܢ ‎sys‏ ܘܚܣܝܪ ܐܢܬ ‎pe‏ ܒܬܛܠܝܢܐ ‎br‏ ܕܨܝܕ
ܡܪܝ ܝܥܩܘܒ ܐܦܝܣܧܘܦܐ. ‎amm‏ ܠܟ ܒܚܪܚܝܐ ܚܕܐ ܙܒܢܬܐ ܕܬܬܒܪܟ. ‎ἴσοι‏ ܕܝܢ
‎μέλος‏ ܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ ‎RN NY‏ ᾿ ܐܠܨ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܠܩܫܚܫܐ ܕܢܥܒܕ ܡܪܕܝܬܐ ܥܡܗ
ܐܕܘܗܝ ‎«ρου‏ ܠܡܚܘܝܘ ‎où‏ ܬܕܡܪ̈ܬܐ ܕܓܒܪܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ. ܒܚܕ ܕܝܢ ܡܢ ܝܘ̈ܡܝܢ
ܚܕܕܝܗ ‎dl. Iso‏ ܠܡܐ ܙܠ ‎eros‏ ܣܛܛܢܐ ܕܝܢ ‎[io où‏ ܫܦܫܚܪ̈ܬܐ: ܟܕ ‎I‏
‏ܠܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܫܘ̈ܫܒܝܢܐ ܕܒܚܦܝܛܛܘܬܐ ܘܒܚ ܘܒܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ ‎Sy]‏ ܕܢܝܬܒܪܟܘܢ ܡܝܢ
ܛܘܒܢܐ.. ܚܘܝ ܠܗܘܢ ܦܢܬܛܣܝܐ.. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܐ ܬܘܒ ܢ ܐܬܘܢ ܨ ܐܕܘܗܝ ܕܩܝ ܕܝܫܝܐ. ܘܟܕ
ܒܠܝܼܩܘ ܥܠ ‎ολο) Lil‏ ܒܕܝܪܐ: ‎Maga ο).‏ ܡܢ ܠܘܬܗ ܐܢܬܬܐ ‎Ια‏
‏ܦܦܝܪܬ ‎ον‏ ܕܡܬܦܨܚܐ ‎Rue‏ ܘܟܕ ܚܙܗܿ ܩܫܝܫܐ ܗܽܘܢ. ܐܡܪ ‎μέλαν,‏

‎1. 8 bo ‏ܓܒܪܐ‎ (corr. N). — $. 8 ‏ܗܘ‎ (corr, Ni.

‎saint in religious discretion, that he might be blessed by tlie blessed man and
ask his prayers; and he had followed this practice for a loug time. But
this man had a co-sponsor' who was a presbyter in the order (τάγμα) of the
church. When then the presbyter saw his co-sponsor goiug constantly to
the blessed man, he said to him : « Wherefore do vou neglect your employ -
ment day by day, and sulfer loss by giving your tine to going to Mar James
the bishop? It is enough for you to be blessed once ἃ month. » — But hix
co-sponsor, when he heard these things, continued pressing the presbyter to
make the journey to the same saint with him, to show him the miracles of the
` 1nan of God; and one day the presbyter gave him pleasure and consented to
go with him. But Satan the hater of good things on seeing the two co-
sponsors going in earnestness and in divine love to be blessed by the blessed
man showed them an apparition (Φαντασία). in order that they might not again
come to the saint's own presence: and, when they reached the door of his
cell iu the monastery, they saw that a girl beautiful to look at came out
from his presence merry and laughing, and, when, that presbyter saw her,

‎o?
‎he said to his co-sponsor : « See to whom vou are urging me to come and

‎1. ‏ܧܬܘܫܝܒܝܢܐ‎ are men who are godfalhers or father and godfather {ο tlie sime child, old Enel. * vossips'.

‎×: < 8 ‏ܒ‎ b,
