*sl170vy9a.

250 APPENDIX. [596]

οὶ ‏ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܓܝܪ. ܟܕ‎ ο αμ... (Nj) ‏ܠܘܬ ܡܿܝܢ ܡܚܦܛ‎ Jon
Opus ‏ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܐܬܟܠܗܘ ܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ.‎ "woe ‏ܥܠܘ ܠܘܬܗ ܕܛܘܒܬܐ: ܘܠܐ ܚܙܘ ܐܢܫ‎
Où ‏ܕܢܦܩܐ ܗܘܬ ܡܢ ܩܠܝܬܗ ܟܕ ܒܠܚܝܘܕܘܗܝ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ. ܓܒܪܐ ܕܝܝܢ‎ JAN]
‏ܕܚ ܘܒܐ ܓܠܚܝ ܗܝ‎ edo] o ‏ܗܘܐ ܠܝܘܬܗ: ܟܕ ܐܙܕܟܝ ܡܢ‎ ak ‏ܕܐܡܝܢܐܝܬ‎
‎ολ. an . ο ‏ܠܟܫܠܐ ܕܪ̈ܥܝܢܝܗܘܢ ܩܕܡܘܗܝ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܘܟܪܝ ܕܢܐܡܪ ܠܗ.‎
‏ܒܢ‎ M? ‏ܕܢܬ ܒܪܡ ܡܢ ܩܕܝܫܘܬܟ.̇ ܘܚ. ܙܐ‎ M» ye ‏ܙܢܐܬܐ‎ μοι ‏ܠܩܫܝܫܐ‎
‎Nul} ‏ܘܛܒ‎ dan ‏ܡܢ ܠܘܐܟ܂. ܫܦܝܪܬ ܚܙܘܐ ܕܦܨܝܚܐ‎ aan ‏ܐܢܬܬܐ ܚܕܐ‎
‏ܡܕܡ ܕܠܐ ܒܥܝܕܐ. ° ܓܒܪܐ ܕܚܢ‎ Rep Sol] ‏ܬܘܒ‎ μὲ ele se ‏ܗܢܐ‎
‏ܗܘܬ ܚܙܬܐ ܗܳܝ‎ SLA ‏ܐܠܗܝܐ ܒܪ ܫܥܬܗ ܟܕ ܫܡܼܥ܂. ܐܕܥ ܕܦܢܬܛܣܝܐ ܕܫܐܕܐ‎ où
Aus ‏ܕܢܥܬܒܩܘܢ ܐܢܫܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܟܕ‎ voy ‏ܕܠܐ‎ He JR ‏ܕܓܠܝܬܐ‎
‎Ae! ‏ܝܕܥܝܬܗܘܢ ܠܐܢܬܬܐ ܗܝ ܐܢ ܚܙܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ 98 ܗܼܢܘܢ‎ alo κω K£so
‏ܘܟܕ ܣܡ ܗܼܘْ ܒܘܪܟܐ..‎ A ps? ‏ܠܗܘܢ‎ HAS ‏ܣ݀ܓܝ. ܗܝܕܝܢ‎ D ‏ܕܝܕܥܝܢܢ‎ .07 |
L2.» ‏ܒܚܝܠܗ‎ "uera. pun Js; ‏ܒܚܫܘܗܝ‎ lv où [οὐ [oot ‏ܡܦܝܣ‎
‏ܕܚܝܼܙܘ‎ où ‏ܠܗܠܝܢ ܐܢܫܐ ܒܕܡܼܘܬ ܐܢܬܬܐ܂. ܕܒܗ ܒܐܣܟܝܡܐ‎ acl ‏ܠܫܐܕܐ ܐܝܢܐ‎

1. 8 om. (corr. N). — 2. S ‏ܕܢܥܨܘܗܝ‎ (corr. N).

be blessed »; for he was scandalized. And on eoming in to the blessed
man, and seeing no one with him they were both more scandalized, since
they had seen ἃ woman coming out of his cell while lie was alone. But
the man who was constantly going up to him, overcome by abundance of
love, revealed before the blessed man himself tlie scandal that had troubled
their minds, and began to say to him : « Sir, 1 urged this presbyter to
come to you with me, to be blessed by your holiness; and he saw that a
woman met us who was coming out from your presence, beautiful to look
at, merry and laugling, and this our companion was much scandalized:
and even ] too was scandalized at seeing something unusual. » But that
divine man on hearing it knew immediately that that false appearance of
a woman was an apparition (φαντασία) of a fiend; and he thought « It is not
right that these men should be left scandalized »; and he asked them, and
said : « Shall you know that woman if you sec her? » And they said
« We shall know her well. » Then he ordered them to pray ; and he himself,
having knelt down, continued entreating God, who wishes for the life of men,
by his secret power to lorce the fiend who had appeared to these men in the
form of a woman to eome and appear in the same guise (σχῆμα) which they
