* 13219 a.

214 JOIIN OF EPHESUS. [560]

ܡܕܒܚܝܐ. ‎où (9 où‏ ܐܒܪܗܡ ܫܡܗ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܡܬܚܝܪܐ ‎faso‏ ܘܡܕܫܬܐܠ. ‎ooo‏
‏ܠܟܒܕ ܕܠܘܬܐ ‎oi Ns lo K.aso‏ ܓܘܠܬܐ ܕܪܝܥܕܝܪܘܬܐ܂ْ ܘܐܠܒܟܗ ܫܒܛܛܐ ܕܪܥܝܘܬܗܐ
1 ܕܥܘܡܪܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܡܢ ܪܥܝܘܬܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܕܥܢ̈ܐ܂. ܘܡܢ ܩܪܝܬܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ܂
ܬܠܐ ܕܡܫܟܢܐ. ܘܡܬܩܪܐ ܗܘܐ ܒܟܠܗܘܢ ܚܫ̈ܘܗܝ ‎le‏ ܒܬܪ ܡܘܬܗ: ܘܐܦ ܥܕ ܗܟܐ
ܒܗ ܒܥܘܡܪܐ܂ ܡܪܝ ܐܒܪܗܡ ‎osx Je‏ ܕܝܢ ܣܒܐ ܒܚܝܢܓܬܐ ܘܒܒܟܬܐ ܣܓܝܐܬܐ
‎Jon el‏ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܠܡ ܡܪܝ ܠܝ ܠܓܒܪܐ ܗܕܚܘܛܐ ܘܪܥܫܐ܇. ܥܠ ܡܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ
ܕܥܘܡܪܐܼ ܕܕܐܼܝܟ ܗܢܐ ܡܩ ܚܡ ‎où Js]‏ ܕܝܢ ܛܘܒܬܬ ‎cue‏ ܠܘܬܗ ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪ.. ܕܐܬܕܟܪ
ܠܥܡ ܡܥܬܗ ܕܡ ܪܢ ܕܠܘܬ ܦܛܛܪܘܣ ܕܐܸܡܿܪ܆. ܕܡܝܢ ‎οι‏ ܠܡ ‎Ais‏ ܐܢܫܐ ܗܘܐ ܨܕ
‎«κ»‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎eh‏ ܐܢܬ ܗܢܐ ܡܝܢ ‎Li» Jlauss‏ ܚܪܫܬܐ ܕܚܝ̈ܘܬܐ.. ‎Jens)‏
‏ܬܘܬܐ ܕܥܢ̈ܐ ܡܠܝܠܬܐ ‎faits,‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܚܢ ‎AX»)‏ ܘܪ̈ܝܫܝܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ 1000
ܘܕܚܟܝܡܐ?3 ܘܝ̈ܠܫܦܐ ܘܡ̈ܠܦܢܐ ܣܿܒܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܥܠ ܢܦܫܗܘܢ: ܘܕܟܠܚܕ ܚܕ ܬܟܝܠ
ܗܘܐ ܥܠ ‎tone‏ ܕܗܼܘ ܡܢ ܩܛܝܪ ܡܬܕܒܪ ܠܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ: ܟܕ ‎ak She‏ ܣܟܐ

1. Ms.orbasss. — 2, In erasure. Stop followiug omilled, bul ins. in marg. — 3. Ms. om. 3:

and drew him out, dragging him by force, and brought him before the altar
(whose name also was Abraham), while he objected and wept and refused.
Aud he on his side made a prayer and took him and clad him in the hood
of the archimandriteship, and put tlie stalT of the pastorate of the convent
in his hand, even as he eame from the occupation of shepherd of a flock,
and from a village called Thella d Mikhana', and all his life and even alter
his death, and even to the present time in the same convent he was called
* Mar Abraham the shepherd'. But the old man continued sayiug with sobs
and with much weeping, « How is it, sir, that you appoint me a plain man
(ἰδιώτης) and a shepherd to govern such a convent as this? » But the blessed
man answered him, saying, « Remember our Lord's saying to Peter when
he says, ‘Ienceforth thou shalt catch men to life'?; even as you now after
being shepherd of a dumb flock of animals sliall carry out the duties of
shepherd of a rational flock of men ». But those who were in high and
prominent place, and thought of themselves that? they were wise and
learned and teachers, and of whom each one was confident concerning
himself that it would be he who would be raised by foree to the governorship,
when they saw that he had appointed an 01:1 man and a shepherd who held

1. Sc. ‘hill of the (irrigation) engine (μηχανή). CT. Oxyrlhyneus Papyri, n*1831, 13; 121913, 1. ‘Zach.
Ην (vir, 4) calls him ‘a Persian', i. ον, a native of Persiau teprilory. — 2. Luke, v, 10. — 3. Ms. om.
