[543] LIVES OF PETER AND PHOTIUS. 197

ܬܘܒ ܬܫܟܝܬܐ ܕܚܡܫܝܢ ܘܫܬ܆ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܦܛܪܘܣ ‎am Sra‏
ܩܢܩܠܪܐ܆ ܘܦܘܛܝܣ ܟܪܛܘܠܪ̈ܐ ܥܡ ܫܪܟܐ ܕܥܡܗ܆ ܡܢܗ
ܟܕ ܡܢܗ ‎Sr duas‏

ܒܘܝܐ ܗܝ ܗܟܝܠ ܕܠܪܘܫܡܐ ܕܥܘܗ̈ܕܢܐ ‎soul‏ ܘܐܦ ܬܫܥܝܬܗܘܢ ܕܣܛܝ̈ܘܒܝܢܐ
ܡܝܬܪ̈ܐ ܦܛܪܘܣ ܘܦܘܛܝܣ. ܗܠܝܢ ܕܗܼܢܘܢ ܠܘܩܕܡ. ܘܩܕܡܝܗܿ ܕܛܝܘܒܢܝܬܐ
ܦܛܪܝܩܝܐ ‎[Lao] «αι Limo‏ ܠܒܝܬܐ ܗܽܘ. ܟܕ ܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܐܟܝ ܕܐ ܐܫܬܘܝܘ.
ܘܒܝܣܪܘܢ ܥܠ ܥܠܡܡܐ.. ܘܢܛܘ ܥܟܠܗܝܢ ܕܒܘ̈ܬܗ. ‎ses οἱ «aso‏
ܘܡܛܠ ܕܠܘܩܕܡ ܒܥܘܡܪܐ ܘܒܫܘܥܒܕܐ ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ ‎NOTES‏ ܘܢܬܝܠܦܘܢ.. ܥܠܘ
ܘܐܬܩܒܠܘ ܒܥܘܡܪܐ ܪܒܐ ‎Josandéo‏ ܒܐܢܛܘܢ ‎Lisa;‏ ܕܡܬܩܪܐ܂ ܕܐܒܙܗ̈ܬܐ.
ܟܕ ܝܗܼܒܘ ‎(ones‏ ܠܡܘܟܟܐ ܘܫܘܥܒܕܐ ܘܡܣܟܢܘܬܐ ‎[xo .‘Jlainsokaso‏ ܘܨܘܡܐ
‎Jiotao Has js‏ ܘܦܘܠܚܢܐ ° ܕܐܝ̈ܕܝܐ. ܐܢܫܐ ܕܡܫܬܪܐܝܬ ܘܡܿܦܢܩܐܝܬ ‎ve‏ ܗܘܘ:
ܕܡܝܢ ‎M‏ ܠܘܬ ܢܙܝܪܘܬܐ ܘܫܪܟܐ ‎oll Ji»,‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܐܝܟܐ ܕܟܠܗܘܢ 3363[ ܘܙܥܘܪ̈ܐ

ܕܥܘܡܪܐ ‎où‏ ܢܬܬܡܡ̱ܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ ܒܗܘܢ܇. ܐܦ ܢܬ ܕܡܪܘܢ ܒܢܝܼܫܗܘܢ ܘܚܝܢܗܘܢ

NEXT THE FIFTY-SIXTI HISTORY, OF ΤΠΕ BLESSED PETER, MO IlMSELF ALSO
WAS CHANCELLOR AND Puomvivs ΤῊΝ CIARTULARY WITH ΤῈ REST OF 15

COMPANIONS, FBOM THE SAME HOUSEHOLD '.

The history of the excellent blessed men Peter and Photius also besides
is therefore worthy of being committed to written records ; men who were
themselves the first, even before the blessed patrician Caesaria herself, to
prepare the way for that household, in that both of them together were
thought worthy to despise the world, and treat all its affairs with contempt,
and go out and go to the desert. And, in order that they might first be
instructed and taught in a convent and in the subjection of monasticism, they
entered a great and renowned convent in the Ennaton* ol Alexandria which
is called that of the Fathers and were received in it, giving themselves to
humility and submission aud poverty and obedience, aud sorrow and fasting
and prayer, and watching and manual work, men who had been accustoned
to a high and luxurious life, who suddenly came to abstinence and the other
labours, so much so that all the inmates of that convent great and small used
to marvel at them, and were astonished at their type of life and sorrow 1

1. $¢. 11181 uf Caesaria. — 2. See p. 325, 385.
