* 13: v? 8.

188 ΙΟΠΝ OF EPHESUS. [534]

ܚܫ̈ܐ 9 ܘܕܦܓܪܐ ܘܥܠ ܚܘܫܒ̈ܐ ܬܐܠ ܘܬܐܠܦ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܫ̈ܠܝܘܬܐ ܣܓܺܝܐܐ
ܗܟܢܐ ܒܒܥܬܐ ܘܡܠܬܐ ܕܝܘܐܪܢܐ ܢܫܡܿܠܐ܇. ܒܬܪ ܥܢܝܢܐ ܪܘܚܢܝܐ ܕܒܟܠܗ ܐܝܡܡܐ.
ܟܕ ܡܬܬܚܬܝܐ ܗܘܬ ܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ܘܡܫܬܘܕܝܐ ܗܘܬ ܘܐܡܿܪܐ܂. ܕܠܐ ܒܠܚܘܕ ‎housse‏
‏ܕܫܒܥܡܐܐ ܦܢܩ̈ܝܬܐ ܕܟܘܠܗܘܢ ܐܒܗ̈ܐܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܝ ‎x “Jia‏ ܫܝ̈ܢܝܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܬܐ
‎RT‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܢܐ ܕܝܠܝ ° ‎Sl; has] sedie‏ ܗܫܐ ܒܠܠܝܐ ܘܒܐܝܡܡܐ..
ܘܠܐ ‎«ολο‏ ܪܥܝܢܝ ܘܚܐܦܐ ‎Seam]‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܐܡܥ ܡܢܟܘܢ ܡܠܬܐ ‎“Ja‏
‏ܘܥܠ ‎fase δα‏ ܘܢܛܛܘܪܘܬܐ ܕܦܘ̈ܩܕܢܐ܆̇. ܘܥܠ ‎fois‏ ܕܪ̈ܘܚܢܝܬܐ. ܒܚܕ ܕܝܢ ܡܢ
‎v‏ ܟܕ ܒܡܠܬܐܼ ܘܥܢܝܢܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ ‎coo v‏ ܡܢ ‎£M.‏ ܥܠ ‎Sus]‏
‏ܥܠ ܐܪܥܐ ܩܕܡܝ.. ܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ‎lea Ras 2à‏ ܟܕ ܐܬܘܗܐܢܝ ܘܐܪܗܒܬܢܝ ܕܡܢ
ܫܠܝܐ ܗܕܐ ܠܝܼܒܕܬ. ܟܕ ܐܡܪ ܐܢܐ ‎le‏ - ܕܥܠ ܡܢܐ ‎ο μισο [το‏ ܘܝܘܩܪܐ ‎a‏
‏ܒܨܝܪܐ ‎so. xoi]‏ ܦܩܘܕܝ܂ ܘܩܘܡ ܝ ° ‎᾽ωμθ[ο‏ ܠܝ ‎σου‏ ܐܝܝܬܘܗܝ ܕܦܐܩܕܐ

ܐܢܬܝ. ‎ow‏ ܕܝܢ ܠܡܩܡ܂ ܠܐ ܡܬܛܦܝܣܐ ܗܘܬ . ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪܐ.. ܕܠܐ ‎bone‏ ܐܢܐ ܡܢ
‎aen JI] oso‏ ܐܢܬ ܠܫܚ ܡܠܬܐ ܩܕܡ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܡܿܩܒܠ ܐܢܬ ܦܝܣܬܝ܆.. ܘܣܥܪ

ܐܢܬ ܡܕܡ ܕܡܦܝܣܐ ܐܢܐ ‎M‏ ܘܟܕ ‎aus‏ ܪܥܝܢܝ, ‎νου‏ ܗܘܬ ܥܠ ‎Sus]‏

1. Ms, ‏ܕܒܗܝܢ‎ . — 2. Ms. om. fin, — 3. » ins. later in another hand.

and inquire' about the passions of the soul and of tlie body and about thoughts,
so that after spiritual conversation all day we spent many nights in this way
in discussion and helpful speech, while the blessed woman condescended
to make confession and say, « 1 have here more than seven hundred volumes
in number of all the fathers, to which my intellect and my attention have
been devoted for many years, iusomucli that now my miud has no rest and
my soul also is stirred with passion night and day to hear from you tlie word
of God, and about discernment of passious and observance of commandments,
and about the other spiritual things. » One day, while we were sitting
occupied in speech and divine conversation, suddenly that blessed woman fell
on her face on the ground before me, filling me with amazement and alarm
by suddenly doing this, while I said to her, « Whierefore have you done this,
and laid a weight upon me the mean one? be so good as to rise and tell me
what it is that you command ». But she would not consent to rise, saying,
« I will not rise hence unless you give me your word before God that you will
agroe to iny request and do what 1 require of you. » And, being troubled

in my mind because she was lying on her face, I said to her: « Be so good

l|. See p. 39, n. 2.
