[565] HISTORY OF THE CONVENT OF JOHN URTAYA. 219

‎ve a‏ ܙ + ܒܐܣܟܘܠܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ ܕܐܘܪ̈ܛܝܐ ܠܓܘ ܡܢ ‎ελα.‏ ܐܝܟ ° ‎JAN‏ ܓܒܚܪ̈ܝܢ. ܟܕ

‏ܫܪܟܐ ܐܬܒܕܪܘ ܗܘܘܼ ܘܠܕܪܩܘ. ܘܟܕ ‎Kansl}‏ ܡܕܝܙܬܐ ܘܥܠܘ ‎aso Lime‏
2 ܩܡܢܢ »5 ܘܒܒܟܬܐܼ ܟܠܥܢ ܠܬܫܡܫܬܐ ‎(la:‏ ܘܕܫܘܠܡܐ ܕܚܝ̈ܝܢ.ْ
ܟܕ ‎[s‏ ܚܪܒܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܩܕܡ "ܠܚܢܚܢ. ܘܟܕ ‎JL. cM‏ ܕܦܪ̈ܣܫܐ: ܘܥܠܘ
ܘܚܙܘ ܣܕܪ̈ܐ ܡܬܝ̈ܚܐ ܕܓܒܪ̈ܐ ‎peter‏ ܪܝܘ ܒܝܢ ܒܚܚܪܒܝܐ ܕܚܚܠܬܐ. ܘܟܕ
‎καλαὶ‏ ܡܢܢ ܩܪܩܦܘܢ ܥܠ ܚܕ ܕܡܐ ܟܕ ° ܥܝܢܝܢ ‎ee‏ ܗܝ݀ܕܝܢ ܠܫܘ ܡܢ
ܚܪܒܐ. ܘܕܒܪܘܢ ܘܐܦܩܘܢ ‎J^‏ ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎[scans atlas, ANS A92‏
ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ‎uno σου Muell‏ ܠܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܘܐܬܦܠܛܢ ‎Re‏
‏ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ. ܘܡܢ ‎Ro‏ ܥܪܩܬ܂ ܡܢ ܟܠܗ ‎où‏ ܐܬܪܐ. ܘܐܐܩܝܚܡܬ ܩܝܡܐ ܠܐܠܗܐ.. ܕܠܐ
‎«Sol coran]‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܒܚܫܐ ܪܒܐ ܘܕ̈ܡܥܐ ܣܓܔܝܝ̈ܐܬܐ ܣܒܐ ܗܿܘܢ. ܗܠܝܢ
‎RS‏ ܚܢܝܓܐܝܬ ܡܐܬܢܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܢ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎bo»‏ ܣܓܝܐܐ ‎Für)‏ ܢܟܝ ܡܢ
ܚܢ̈ܓܬܗ ‎BS‏ "ܢܝܢ ܩܕܡܝܢ. ܘܣܒܐ ܬܘܒ ܐܚܪܢܐ ‏ ܣܓܝ ܝܘܡ̈ܬܐ: ܘܐܦ ° ‎oa‏
‎JR Sum june‏ ܕܒܗܘܢ ‎Lists‏ ܕܟܗܝܢܘܬܗ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ ܗܢܐ ܥܡܘܪܐ ‎ο ον‏

‎1. Ms. om.; corr. v. D. and L.

‎that of the Urtaye within the wall, about three hundred men, the rest
having been scattered and fled. And, when the city was taken and the
Persians came in and began to slaughter, we all stood up sorrowing and
weeping for the service of our death and of our lives' end, slaughter being
now set before our eyes. And, when the Persian soldiers arrived, and they
came in and saw long rows of men'standing, they began a fearful slaughter
among us. And, having beheaded ninety of us in one massaere while
our eyes beheld it, they then ceased slaughtering; and they took us and
carried us away as captives, while they also made spoil of all the belongings
of the convent, But, when the city was thrown open, God delivered us
and strengthened us and many of us escaped. And from that time 1 fled
from all that country; and 1 made a vow to God not to see it again ».
And so that old man was piteously relating all these things to us with great
emotion and many tears; so that for a long time he was unable' on account
of his sobs to relate them before us. And again another old man of many
days (and he too had venerable white hairs), who during the same times of
the prosperity of this convent had been in his boylood an inmate in it,

‎1. Ms. ‘able’.

‎* 133 v° b.
