* [35 r a.

224 JOHN OF EPIIESUS. [570]

ܠܥܘܡܪܐ ܕܒܝܬ ܡܪܝ ܝܘܚܢܝܢ. ܩܡ ᾿ ܕܝܢ ܡܢ ܒܬܪܗܢ. ܛܘܒܢܐ ܪܒܝܢ ܘܡܠܦܢܝܢ
ܕܡܝܢ ܛܠܫܘܬܢ.. ܕܫܡܗ ܗܘܐ܂ ‎List‏ ܗܢܐ ܕܐܦ ‎omis οοι‏ ܡܢ ܐܬܪܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
ܗܘܐ ‎Suns Jays]‏ ܗܘܐ ܕܚܢ ‎polo‏ ܒܡܠܬܗܼ ܘܒܚܝܙܬܗ. ܒܬܪ ܕܝܢ ܐܪܒܥ ‎Ras‏
‏ܕܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܗ܂. ‎loot‏ ܡܥܥܬܐ ܕܝܠܝܗܘܢ ܕܥܘܡܪ̈ܐ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܒܫ ܘܪܝ ܡܬ ܟܘܬܗ
ܕܝܘܣܬܛܝܢܝܢܐ ܡܿܠܟܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎Ka‏ ܚܝܢܢ ܒܗܘܢ ܒܥܘܡܕ̈ܐ ܐܝܟ ܫ̈ܢܝܐ ‎Sas‏
‏ܘܦܠܓܗܿܢ. ‎joot‏ ܚܨܣܡܐ ‎JL" vm «on‏ ܘܗܼܦܝܟ ܗܘܼܐ ܪܕܘܦܝܐ ܒܟܠܗ̇
‎eo‏ > ܡܚܬܬܗ ܕܐܦܪܚܡ ܦܛܪܝܪܟܐ ܕܐܢܛܝܟ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎volo Je‏
ܐ ܬܪܕܦܘ ܟܘܟܠܗܘܢ ܥܘܡܪ̈ܐ܂. ܘܐܙܠܘܢ ܐܝܟ ܚܕܐ ܠܕܝܪܐ ‎e!‏ ܕܡܝܢ ܩܕܚܡ ܒܢܕܘ
‎Lakes os ojo‏ ܕܚܘܪ̈ܢܝܬܐܼ. ܘܒܬܪ ‎Sao Lis‏ ܐܬ ܪܕܦܘ ܡܢ ܬܡܢ.
ܘܐܬܦܠܓܘ ܥܘܡܪ̈ܐ. ܘܐ ܙܠ ‎où‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܒܐ ܥܡ ܟܘܠܗ ܥܘܡܪܗ܂. ܘܥܠܘܢ ‎Jai‏
‎[sors‏ ܘܬܩܫ̈ܦܐ ܕܩܪܝܬܐ ‎Jess,‏ ܐܒܕܝܗܪ. ܘܥܡ̣ܪܲܢ ‎XL‏ ܒܕܝܪܐ ‎J Ja Lioksos‏

1 ܘܒܬܪ ܬܠܬ̈ ܫܝ̈ܢܝܢ܂. ܢܦܝܩܢ ‎νας Oo‏ ܐܬܪܐ ܂. ܘܥܡܪܢ ܒܕܝܪܐ ܕܟܘܪ̈ܚܐ:. ‎εως‏

ofthe house of Mar John itself'. And to succeed him there was appointed
our blessed master and teacher from our boyhood, whose name was Abba ;
who also was by his birth (γένος) from the district of Arzen*; and he was
reverend and imposing in his speech and in his appearance. But after four
years of his government occurred the entry into the city-convents themselves
at the beginning of the reign of Justinian the kiug. And, when we had
completed about seven years and a half? in the convents themselves, the
envy of those who ruled the churches was aroused, and the persecution was
renewed over the whole of the East, through the descent of Ephraim patriarch
of the city of Antioch to the East; and all the convents were again expelled,
and they went together to the monastery which they had préviously built and
took up their abode in it, which was called that of the Poplars. And after a
little time they were expelled thence, and the convents were divided; and the
blessed Abba with all his convent went away, and they went into the steep
towering mountains of the village called 'bdyhr'; and we took up our
abode there in a monastery called that of the Nut. And after three years?
we left and went into the district of Claudias, and took up our abode in the

1. Since we are told below that the return to Aunida happened after 4 years of Abba's rule, the
translation of the bones cannot have been contemporaneous with it. The restoration having been in 530
(see Introd., p. 1v), we gel 523/3-526/7 as the date of Syniy's archimandriteship. — 2. See p. 566, n. 2.
— 3. Since the descent of Ephraim was at the end of 536 or beginning of 537, tlie time cannot have
exceeded 5 1/2 years (Dyakonov, p. 30, n. 166); see p. 418, n. t. — 4. See p. 232. — 5. Since Samuet diei
in {he monastery of the IHuls in 539 (p. 553), (he date must be 539, not 540, 3 »rs. afler the expulsion
from Amida,
