' 93

0

I? n.

186 JOHN OF. EPIIESUS. 1533]

ܠܡܘܟܟܐ ܕܡܛܠ ܐܠܗܐ ‎Lio‏ ܡܿܡܠܝܟܐ ܐܬܬܚܓܐܝܬ ‎flori sso‏ ܘܠܘܬ ܐܣܟܡܐ
‎Jon.‏ ܘܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ ܪܗܛܬ ‎llo‏ ܣܬ. ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ‎Lalidl‏ ܘܡܦܬܘܕܙ ܕܠܐ
: ܘܛܬ ܘܐܬܓܘܣܬ. ܟܕ ܢ ܘܡܫܬܘܕܝܢܢ ܕ
ܣܦܩܝܝܢܝܢ ‎ο ος στ ps‏ ܕܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ܗܕܐ.. ‎y‏ ܟܚܝܠܐ ‎Jay‏ ܕܡܝܢ
ܝܡܐ ܕܥܘܬܪ̈ܐ ܪ̈ܘܚܢܫܝܐ: ܐܝܟ ܕܠܬܫܒܘܝ̈ܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܘܠܚܘܬܪܢܐ ܕܫܡ̈ܡܘܥܐ܂. ܣܡܝܢ
ܚܝܢܢ ‎«9l‏ ܠܡܕܪܫܡ ܠܘܬ ܐܝܠܝܢ ‎λα.)‏ ܝܘܐܪܢܐ ܪ̈ܘܚܢܝܐ. ܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ‎Nasa‏
‏ܗܕܐ ܐܠܗܝܬܐ: ‎Limo Gsasss‏ ܡܬܩܪܝܐ ܗܘܬ .. ‎SHOULD‏ ܕܝܢ ܡܝܢ ܩܕܚܡ܂ ܡܢ
‎Jon dk] Jus Kansas‏ ܗܼܝ . ‎ser‏

, ܠܡܡܣܥܪܿ. ܟܕ ܠܘܬ ܘ ܠܐܠܟܣܬܕܪܝܐ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܡܢܥܢ. ‎μα‏ ܕܟܕ ‎λμω‏ ܠܢ ‎Jos‏
‏ܪܒܬܐ ܐܬܡܠ ܚܬ .. ܘܒܘܝܐܐ ܪܒܐ ܗܘܼܐ ܠܗܿ. ܐܫܟܚܢܗ̇ ܕܝܝܢ ܒܥܡܠܐ ܬܩܝ̈ܦܐ ܕܬܫܡܫܬܐ
ܘܕܫܠܝܝܐ ܘܒܥܘܬܐ 1 ‎Ja" jo‏ | ܡܶܡܝܢܬܐ ܘܒܘܪ̈ܟܐ ܬܟܚܿܒܬܐ ܘܥܢܘܝ ܘܬܐ
ܕܠܒܪ ܡܢ ‎ο‏ ܘܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ܂ ܕܐܢܬܬܐ ܕܐܝܟ ܗܕܐ ܕܒܚ̈ܦܘܢܧܐ ܕܠܐ ܣܟܐ ܐܬܪܒܝܼܝܬ܆.

1. Ms. om. ©: — 2. One or two leaves losl.

the sake of God aud tlie promised life and! to à mean position, and betook
herself to the habit (σχῆμα) of the solitary and monastie life and sought reluge
ini. In admiration therefore and confessing that we are not capable of
compassing the beauties of the history of this blessed woman. we set
ourselves for the sake of God's glorv and the profit of the liearers to record
as it were a small measure taken from the sea of spiritual riches, addressed
to those who love matters of spiritual profit. This divine blessed woman
therefore, who was called bv name Caesaria, and by her birtli (γένος) came
originally from the city ofSamosata* . . . . .

to do, when we came to her the in city of Alexandria‘; so that when she saw
us she was filled with great joy, and received great consolation. But we
found her engaged in severe labours of reeitation of service and of quietude
and intense supplication, and eonstant pravers and frequent genuflexions and
asceticisin beyond measure, and especially in the case of a woman like this

1. Ms. om. — 2. When Sev., Select Letters, x, 7, was wrillen, C. wished to leave her husband and
live an usvetic life, but. ‏,ܐ‎ dissuaded her. Either lherefore he was unsuecessful, or her husband
afterwards died, - 3. A leuf or (wo leaves lost; see In(rod., p. vir. — ἀν Hardly on his 15 visit in 534,

as Dyakonov (p. 47) suppases, but on his 2% in 541. If € had adopted the ascetic life in 5Sev.'s lifetime,
one would have expected lo find some inention 0111 in his lelters. See also p. 538, n. 2, and p. 54%, n. 1.
