‎LIFE OF THEODORE TIIE CASTRENSIS. 203‏ ]549[
ܘܫܪܝܘ ‎eot S‏ ܘܟܠ ܕܕܒܫܩܝܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗܘ ܡܪܛܢܝܢ ܘܡܬ݀ܥܙܕܥܝܢ ‎«οι»‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ
‎D‏ ܘܠ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܐܝܟ ܡܶܢ ܕܡܥܝܕܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ ܒܡܗ ܡܢ ܦܝܘܪܝܐ.. ‎“οα‏
‏ܒܡܕܠܝܐ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ‎Lis, | Ὃ‏ ܕܟܕ ‎lors‏ ܚܥܝܢ ܕܗܟܢܐ ‎Ls‏ ܕܚ ܘܒܐ
‎τομ Loi Loi‏ ܘܠܐ ܐܬܚܥܝܼܒ ܠܗ ܩܢܨܝܢ ܥܠܡ ܐ ܡܕܡ : ܘܟܕ ܚܢܝܢ ܘܟܠ

‏ܐܢܫ ܡܬܕܡܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܒܕܒܝܢܗ ܘܒܛܢܢܗ ܕܓܒܪܐ ‎Jot,‏ + ܐܡܪܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ ܠܗ
ܕܟܬܝܒ. ܕܠܘܩܕܡ ܐܠܦ ܐܢܘܢ ܕܒܟ̈ܢܝ ‎«oon NIS‏ ܢܙܕܕܩܘܢ. ‎eX‏ ܕܥܡܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ
‎αλ πο)‏ ° ܠܐ ܬܫܠܚ ܗܠܝܢ ܠܓܡܪ ܘܬܕܪܐ ܥܠ ܐܚܖ̈ܢܐ. ‎où‏ 91« ܛܘܒܢܐ
ܐܡܿܪ ܗܘܐ܂. ܕܗܢܘ ܫܘܒܗܪܢ ܩܕܡ ‎Joss JON‏ ܐܢܐ ‎IST Sms καροιο‏
ܘܗܿܝܕܝܢ ܢܡܘܐ. ‎Ro‏ ܠܐ ܝܕܥܚܝܢ ܐܝܕܐ ܕܥܕܪܐ. ‎où‏ ܓܝܪ ܡܕܡ ܕܡܬܝܗܒ..
‎So) sl‏ ܒܐܘܨܪܐ ‎poda‏ ܒܝܬ ܓܙܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܇. ܐܝܟܝܐ ܕܓܢ̈ܝ̈ܒܐ ܠܐ
‎ass‏ ܘܠܐ ܓܢܝ̈ܒܝܢ. ܡܝܢ ܓܝܪ ܐܪܐ ܡܫܟܚ ܥܪܒ ܠܝ ܥܠ ‎X‏ ܕܥ ܕܡܐ
ܠܪܡܠܫܐ. ‎κο‏ ܓܕܫ ܘܢܕܪܟܢܝ ܫܘܠܡܐ ܘܢܦܘܫ ܒܬܪܝ ܗܢܐ ܡܕܡ ܕܐܬܗܝܡܢܬ܂.
‎sole JU λα...‏ ܥܠ ܙܢܚ̈ܬܐ ܡܿܦܩܝܢ ܠܗ ܗܠܝܢ

‎1. Erasure after 1. — 2. Ms. om. — 3. Ms. ο δε.

‎began to murmur and find fault with him, so that they received us and many
olhers with many complaints against him, inasmueh as we had been habi-
tually in his eompany from the beginning ; so that, when we saw that his
soul was thus intoxieated with the fervour of divine love, and no worldly
property was regarded by him, and while we and everyone were wondering
at the disposition and zeal of the man of God, we used to say to him
«It is written ‘First teach them to show charity among those of their
household''. Beware lest by feeding a large number of people you strip
these quite bare and dissipate it on others ». But the blessed man would say,
« This is our boast before God, that 1 and they may be thought wortliy to
receive the command (ἐντολή)" and then die. These do not know the thing
that is helpful. We trust that what is given away will he preserved in the
heavenly storehouse in the treasury of God, ‘where thieves do not break
through nor steal'?. For who then (ἄρα) ean guarantee me life till the evening?
And, if it has happened that the end overtake me and this which has been eom-
mitted to me remain after me, who will tell me into whose hands it will come?

‎1. 1 Tim. v, 8 (Ὁ). — 2. Cf. p. 75, 1 ult. it is perl. an empl. form of ‏.ܐܢܛܠܐ‎ Cf. b53l (p. 285,
l|. ^, and p.620). — 3. Matth., vi, 30.

‎+

‎138 v*
