* 132 v? b,

216 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [562]

ܢܦܫܢܗܘܼܢ. 90.349 ܡܢ ܕܝܪܐ ܫܬܝܢ ‎Jus EN‏ ܣܝܥܬܐ ܡܢ ܥܕܠܬܐ ‎yn‏
‏ܗܕܐ. ‎aylo‏ ܠܒܕܟܘܢ 91:50 ܠܗܘܢ ܕܝܪܐ ܘܒܝܬ ‎νόμο‏ ܝܕܝܥܐ ܕܐܦ ܥܕ ܗܢܐ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ܂. ܒܩܪܝܬܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ܂ ܕܒܫܬ ܒܪ ܥܪܘܒܬܐ. ‎où‏ ܕܚܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܒܪܗܡ..
‎ciao δω |‏ ܡܬܔܓܒܪ ܘܡܡܫܬܐܪܪ܆, ܘܡܬ ܚܦܛ ‎Rite‏ ܥܠ ‎ads‏
‏ܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܗ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ܆. ܘܥܠ ‎Jos.‏ ܪܒܬܐ ܕܟܘܠܗܝܢ ܕܒܘܬܗ.. ܘܥܠ ܩܙܘܢ ܐ
ܘܬܚܘ̈ܡܐ ܘܛܦ̈ܣܐ ܙ̈ܘܚܢܝܐ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܕܒܪܘ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܒܥܩܪ̈ܬܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ‎Χου»‏ ܪܒܐ
ܗܽܘ ܕܩܕܡܘܗܝ܂ ܒܟܠܗܝܢ ܪܝ 4 ܕܐ. ܒܡܠܬܐ ܘܒܚܟܡܬܐ܂ ܘܝܕܥܬܐ ܣܘܒܝܟܬܐ.
‎JA aca co‏ ᾿ ܘܝܩܝܪܘܬܐܼܿ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎S]‏ ܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ ܢܬܬܬܡܪܘ ܘܐܦ ‎as où‏ ܡܕܢܚܐ.
ܒܬܪ ܕܝܢ ‎[aj‏ ܐܬܐ ‎fisa) elo‏ ܡܪܝ ܫܡܘܐܝܠ ‎oh μοι‏ ܥܘܡܪܐ ܗܢܐ ܕܥܠ
‎«χ.ο cas‏ ܟܕ ܠܘܩܕܡ ‎Απο‏ ܠܗ ܩܘܡܐ ܘܩܡ ܒܗ. ܘܟܕ ‎vis‏ ܠܡܕܒܢܐ
ܥܘܡܪܐ.. ܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܒܪܗܡ܂ ܒܣܓ̈ܝܐܬܐ ܡܥܕ ܪ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ. ܟܕ ܒܬܪ ܕܡܬܬܚܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ

ܬ̈ܥܝܗܿ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ.. ܕܪܒܪ ܗܘܐ ܣܝܥܬܐ ‎vh‏ ܘܕܚܡܫܝܢ ܓܒܕ̈ܝܢ.. ‎ο ας‏
ܗܘܘܼ ܘܦܠܝܚܝܝܢ ܥܡܗܘܢ. ܘܡܶܥܕܪܺܝܢ ‎où‏ ܠܠܝܐ.. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎LAS‏ ܗܘܘ ܠܕܝܪܐ

left the monastery in one body for such a reason as this And they went
and occupied a site and built a monastery for themselves and a well-known
martyrs” chapel which exists even to the present time, in the village called
that of Beth Bar ‘rubtha'. But the blessed Abraham was strengthened, and
began to act with viwour and show firmness, and to display proper energy in
all the government of the convent, and great carefulness for all its belongings,
and for the canons and regulations and all the spiritual ordinances in it,
while he also began to walk in every point in the footsteps ol the blessed
Abraham the great his predecessor, in speech and in wisdom, aud sound
knowledge, and orderly and honourable conduct, insomuch that he also as
well gained great renown over the whole East. But after a time came the
blessed Mar Samuel also besides who also founded tlie convent called after
1:18 name?, having first set up a standing-post for himself, and taken up his
position on it. And, when he began to build the convent, the blessed
Abraham used to give liim much assistance, since, after the city-gates were
shut, he would take a party of forty and fifty men, and they would go and
work with them, and give assistance all the night, and thus they would
return to the monastery in the morning; because (the informant stated)

1. Sc. ‘son of Friday'. — 2. ‘Zach. Rh.', vit, 5. lle is probably the S. of *Zach.', vtt, 6, thougli
his arrival is there placed afler the Persian siege. llis monaslery is mentioned in ch. 39.
