[559] HISTORY OF TII CONVENT OF JOIN URTAYA. 213

ܗܕܐ܂ ܡܢܬ ܐܠ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ‎vxo]‏ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ.. ܕܡܟܝܠ ܠܡ ܕܠܝ ܓܠܙܘܢܝ ܚܛܗ̈ܝ
ܡܢ ܡܥܡܪܐ ܕܥܡܟܘܢ.. ܚ ܙܘ ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎asso‏ ܒܫܢܬܟܘܢ. ܘܗ̇ܘ ‎Ον)‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ
‎πο un)‏ ܐܩܝܡܘܢ ܥܠܝܟܘܢ ‎ge‏ ܕܕܠܡܐ ܒܚܪܬܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܒܝ ‎οἱ‏ ܒܐܚܪܢܐ
ܬܬܥܕܠܘܢ. ܗܢܝܼܘܢ ܕܚܢ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܡܬܚܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܥܡܗ ܟܕ ܐܡܪܝܢ.. ܕܠܐ ‎D‏
‏ܫܒܝܩܝܢܢ ‎(as) y‏ ܕܬܦܘܩ ܡܢ ܗܖܪܿܟܐ܆:. ‎Χο) Jer?‏ ܠܢ ܪܝܫܐ ܒܕܘܟܬܟ. ܬܘܒ܂
ܠܡ ܦܢܝ ‎(hr ο. où‏ ܠܝ ‎v3‏ ᾿ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܐܣܚܝܼܡ ܠܟܘܢ
ܡܕܒܪܢܐ ܒܕܘܟܬܝ܂ْ ‎JI‏ ܬܣܕܒܪܘܢ ‎yb‏ ܚܘ̈ܫܒܝܟܘܢ ܘܐܝܠܝܢ ‎Suis‏ ܥܠ ܢܦܫܗܘܢ
ܐܝܬ ܠܝ ‎où }} eel‏ ܡܿܝܢ ܕܡܼܬܚܕܙܐ ܠܝ ‎xax ola‏ ܐܢܐ ܠܟܘܢ.
‎epo‏ ܕܕܠܡܐ ܒܚܚܪܬܐ ܢܐܩܪ ܥܠܝܟܘܢ ܘܬܪܛܢܘܢ. ܘܟܕ ܗܟܢܐ ܬܘܒ ܠܨܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ..
‎λα ajo Las‏ ܘܩܘܘܢ ܟܘܠܗܘܢ ܠܬܬܘܒܫܬܐ. ܘܟܕ ܒܣܓ̈ܝܐܬܐ ܡܠܠ
ܘܐܪܬܝ ܘܐܠܦ ܒܡܠܬܗ ܢܗܝܪܬܐ܂. ܦܩܢܕ ܘܐܬܐ ܓܘܠܬܐ ܘܦܒܘܩܬܐ ‎sais‏ ܕܢܝܪܐ܂
‎ro x26] o‏ ܡܕܒܚܝܐ. ܗ݀ܝܙܝܢ ܥܡ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܬܗܼܦܟ ‎Luo‏ ܠܒܣܬܪܗܼ ܒܣܕܪ̈ܐ
ܕܓܘ̈ܕܐ܂. 230+ ܒܡܕܥܬܐ ‎voi lo‏ ܐܝܕܗ ܥܠ ܣܟܐ ܚܕ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ‎LAS‏

ܡܢ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ‎uis‏ ܥܘܡܪܗ. ܘܢܓܕܗ ܟܕ ܓܪܝܪ ܠܗ ܒܩܛܝܪܐ܂ ‎ΡΩΝ loto‏

1. Ms. ‏.ܘܐܝܬܝܬܗ‎

place, while he refused to do this, saying to them, « Now that 1 for my part
have been deprived by my sius of residence with you, do vou look out, and
deliberate among yourselves, and tlie man whom you know to be suited for
you set over von as head, lest eventually you find fault either with me or
with someone else ». But they argued tlie more with him, saying, « We
will not allow you, our father, to depart hence until you appoint a head for
us in your place ». Again (the informant stated) he on his part answered
them, saying, « If you insist that ] shall set up a governor for you in
my place, think not that I shall make an appointment in the way that you
suppose and appoint men wlio are thinking about themselves; but whoever
appears to me to be fitting 1 will appoint lor you. And beware lest in tlie
end he be displeasing to you and you murmur ». And, as they again con-
tinued to press him in tliis way, he gave orders and the bell sounded, aud
they all stood up for service. And, having spoken at great length and given
warniug and instruction in his clear speech, he gave orders aud the archi-
mandrite's hood and wand were brought, and laid before the altar. Then
(the informants stated) the blessed man turned and looked behind him at the
lines of the companies, and passed down the middle and laid his hand
on a certain old man who held a low place among the members of the convent,

* 131 v? b.
