[571] IISTORY OF THE CONVENT OF JOHN URTAYA. 225

,]9 ܡܢ ܠܥܠ ܐܬܥܗܕܢܝܢ ܒܬܫܥܝܬܢ. ܘܟܕ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܒܐ ܐܬܠܝܼܒܟ ‎SC‏ ܡܢ
ܣܘܙܗ̈ܕܝܠܛܐ.. ‎os‏ ܘܣܥܩ ܠܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎μ.5)‏ ܥܠܒܕ ܬܡܢ ܥܡ ܟܢܫܐ
ܕܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ ܕܡܝܢ ‎Ko‏ ܕܘܟ 1239 ܗܘܐ ܠܡܗܝܡܢܬܐ ܡܠܟܬ| ܬܐܘܕܘܪܐ: ‎Nas) o‏
‎uso‏ ܪܽܘܪܒ̈ܐܝܬ: ܘܗܘܼܐ ܢܝܢ ‎Lie ταν‏ ܗܼܘܐ ܠܗ ܕܢܗܦܘܟ ‎(Of Son Ss.‏ ܟܕ
‎Loto) Vases‏ ܗܘܐ ‎JA Eae as fisoas oo‏ ܘܢܥܡ ‎odor‏ ܐܡܝܢ ܒܣܝܟܒܘܬܐܼ
‎la κο‏ ܕܟܕ ܐܦ ܚܢܢ ‎Rs‏ ܒܬܪ ܙܒܢܐ ‎NS‏ ܢܝܢ ܡܝܢ ܡܕܝܢܬ
‎ἘΠ ΓΈΝΕΙ‏ ܫܩܕܠܝܢ ܚܢܝܢ ܘܢܕܪܢܢ ܓܖ̈ܡܘܗܝ ܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ ܘܐܦ ‎o‏ ܠܗ ܠܥܘܡܪܐ
ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ. ܩܡ ܕܝܢ ܡܝܢ ܒܬܪܗ ܥܠ ܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܗ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ.. ܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܒܪܗܡ. ܗܢܐ
ܕܒܓܢܣܗܼ ܡܝܢ ‎op‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ. ܝܕܘܦܬܢܐ ‎Le‏ ܪܒܐ ܘܚܦܝܛܐ.. ܒܟܠܗܝܢ
‎JN Laos‏ ܘܦܓܕ̈ܢܝܬܐ 1 ܕܡ̈ܩܝܡܢ ‎sas‏ ܘܟܕ ܗܢܐ ܡܿܠܝ ‎el Jis‏
ܘܐܦ ‎où‏ ܘܐܬܬܣ ܫܚܡ ܒܗ ܒܥܘܡܪܐ.. ܟܕ ‎y‏ ܕܠܣܥܘܪܘܬܗ ܐܙܝܠ ܗܘܐ. ‎le‏ ܢܝܝ
ܘܐܬܩܕܒܪ ܒܕܝܪܗܼ ܐܝܟ ;2-36 ܗܘܐ ܘܡܨܠܐ ܗܘܐ. ܩܡ ܕܚܝܢ ܡܝܢ ‎οὐδ‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ
‎RARE‏ ܐܡܕܝܐ܂. ܗܢܐ ܕܡܢ ‎JN. Sis‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܝܕܝܥܬܐ ‎TET.‏ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ. ‎IET XT‏

monastery of the Huts', which we also mentioned above in our history. And
the blessed Abba, having been arrested and maltreated by the Synodites,
fled and went up to the royal city; and, when he had passed some time there
with the concourse of believers that had been gathered from every quarter
by the believing queen Tlieodora, and had a great reception from her, and
had been there five years, then it was his pleasure to return to his convent,
while the convent was still in the district of Claudias, and he euded his
course there ‘in a good old age ?; so that, when after a space of three years
we ourselves too went down from the roval city, we took his holv bones
also as well and sent them to the city-convent itself?. — And to succeed him
in the government of the convent tlie blessed Abraham was appointed, who
by his birth (7évoz) was [rom Anzetene‘, and was a great and earnest admi-
nistrator in all the spiritual and bodilv alfairs by which a convent is
maintained. And, when this man lad completed some vears, he also as
well fell asleep and was laid in the convent, since he had gone for the
purpose of visiting it, and fell asleep and was buried in his monastery, as lic
desired and praved?. After him was appointed the blessed Sergius of
Amida, who comes of a distinguished family lrom the city itself, called the

1. See p. 553. — 2, I Chr. xxix, 28. — 3. Se. at Amida. The date is probably 548 — 4. yr,
*Tlanzit'. — 5. J. winils to state that Ihe monks for a short lime returned to Amida ^p. $207.

* 135 v^ a.
