pan

‎in JON OI EPHESUS. [530‏
‎xr‏ ܟܕ ‎exe] fanso Lacs‏ ܕܡܝܙ ܗܘܢ ܕܗܠܚܝܝܢ ‎Es) νο M2‏
‎ASE‏ ܘܡܪܬܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ ‎EN‏ ܕܝܝܢ ‎JAEN‏ ܕܢܦܣܘܩ ܚܘܫܝ̈ܒܝܗܿ. ܟܕ ‎xl‏
‎wn‏ ܕܐܢܬܬܐ ܡܚܝܥܠܝܬܐ ܘܣܟܬܐ ‎make]‏ . ܘܠܐ ‎Jens‏ ܟܥ ܢܟܝ ‎Nos ons‏
‎“Ἀλλᾶ.‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܢܡܬܘܚ ܘܢܛܠܝܼܢ ‎J le αδοδῦο‏ ܓܝܪ ‎SK DES‏
ܒܟܝ ܚܐܦܗܘܢ ‎arms‏ ܘܒܢܟ ܢܝ ܠܘ 1 ‎JE‏ ܠܐ ‎ok]‏ ܘܡܛܛܘܠ ܗܕܐ
ܡܿܠܟܝܝܢ ‎xd‏ ,292« ܡܢ ‎xA Las‏ ܟܕ ‎aM asc‏ ܕܐܬܪܟܝ
ܘܒܫܬܟܝ ܦܒܝ̣ܼܩܬܝ ‎CkKasso‏ ܠܐܟܣܢܝܐ.. ‎cal‏ ܒܕܝܪܐ ܗܕܐ ‎ln)‏ ܠܝܟ
ܒܥܡܠܐ ‎Kms JL o uso‏ ܕܢܫܗ̇ܝܘܗܝ ‎SL‏ ܡܝܢ ܗܕܐ ܕܠܡܕܒܪܐ ܓܘܝܐ
.)029 ܟܕ ‎fous‏ ܘܡܥܩܐ ‎eS‏ ܕܠܐ ܐܬܛܦܝܣܝܢ ‎Jos où‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܟܕ ‎Mais‏
‎Naso‏ ܐܢܝܢ ‎DS‏ ܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ ܘܬܡܝܪܘܐܝܬ: ‎uso‏ ܠܗܘܢ 20005"

‏ܗܘܬ ܩܫܝܐ ܝܬ ܘܟܠܬܠܠܫܐܝܬܐ. ‎Loos‏ ܠ ܥܢܐ ܝ ܟܒܠܫܥܣܪܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܡܢ ܪܝܥ ‎Joi‏
‎Bes Ron fes; 917‏ ܕܝܢ ܠܕܝܪܐ ܐܚܪܬܐ܂. ܘܫܩܠܬܐ ܡܝܢ ܬܡܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ

‎OMS om, 22 — ` ( ‏ܐ ܣܝ‎ — i M ‏ܕ ܡܝ‎ corr. v. D. and L.

‎iears she said. « lt 15 from these very persons above all that I seek to Îlee. »
Vnd we continued admonishing her very strongly in order to suppress her
lhoughts, saving, « Know that you are an old. and feeble woman, aud your
nature is not strong enough to hold out against these thoughts of Yours and
endure and struggle: for neither indeed. has tlie assault-of templations yet
fallen upon yon, and vou have not been tried by' tlie eunning of the fienda:
and therefore we advise vou lo give up these plans, being satislied with having
left your country and your house and gone out into a strange land to dwell
m dhe monastery that vou have built. » With great labour therefore. we
suceceded in restraining her ardour from going out into the inner desert, while
she showed vexation and annoyance toward us because we did not yield to her
in this matier. Aud 80, when sho had built aud completed tlie monasteries
m a grand and admirable style, and had bought a large wold-mine (χρυσωρυ-
48v)? foe them”, she made one monastery for men, and one for women, in
which she herself also theneclortli performed severe and sublime lahours, for
fifteen vears, though she declined tlie headship of the same monastery, but
sent to another nionastery, and took thenee a ecrtain blessed woman great 1

‎Il. My. on, ντ ὃν Ms. chrwsrwn', Hadopi {he conjecture of. v, D. aud L, — 3. Muse, sc

‎` the
111111;1168 of he inonasleries,
