* 135 v? a,

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS [568]‏ 2322
ܒܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ ܚܠܫܝܡܬܐ܂ ܟܠܗ )15 ‎οεξο eo conte)‏ ܒܝܗ ܒܪܕܘܦܝܐ.
‎Mello ΘΕ‏ ܒܕܝܪܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ (ܕܡܪܝ ‎(fase‏ ܩܡ ܕܝܢ ܡܢ ܒܬ ܪܗ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܣܟܐ
ܪܒܐ ‎ooa)‏ ܣܝܡܝ. ܕܒܓܢܣܗ ܡܝܢ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎aps] Jon‏ ܗܢܐ ܕܥܡ ܗܠܝܢ
‎vo‏ ܕܩܕܡܝܘܗܝ ‎MALE‏ ܘܩܘܣܡܡܐ.. ܒܫ̈ܘܡܬܐ ܕܝܠܢ ܗܘܼܘ. ܟܕ ‎τὸ‏ ܚܬܢ
ܒܫ̈ܘܡܝ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܣܪܓܝܣ ܘܕܫܪܟܐ ܕܒܬܪܗ܂. ܠܡܥܡܪܐ ܕܒܗ ܒܥܘܡܪܐ ܐܫܬܘܼܝܢ
ܚܢܢ. ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܡܢ ° ܒܬܪ ܥܘܢܕܢܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܣܪܓܝܣ ‎e [1.22 MM‏
ܠܝܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ ‎cpl‏ ܗܘܘ ܕܢܐܬܐ.. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܡܬܚܪܐ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܥܫܕܬܐܠ ܟܕ ‎μοὶ‏
‏ܕܫܘܒܟܘܢܝ ܥܡ ܐܚܫ ‎ook]‏ ܘܐ ܒܥܐ ܥܠ ‎cafe‏ ܡܬܛܠ ܕܝܬܐܝܪ ܡܢ ܬܠܬ
‎v‏ ܘܦܠܓܗܿ.. ܚܝ̈ܐ ܒܦܓܪ ܚܕ ܝܘܡ܂ ܠܝܬ ܠܝ. ܘܟܕ ‎J le‏ ܡܢ ܒܬܪ
ܢܒܫܝܘܬܗ ‎Jas; «δι‏ ܚܬܝܬܐܝܬ ‎Neu]‏ ܐܬܦܠܛ. ܐܠܐ ܐܠܕܘܗܝ ܘܩܡ ‎Las‏
‏ܒܚܦܝܛܛܘܬܐ ܐܝܟ ܡܐ ܕܟܬܝܒ. ‎Noo Mose S‏ ܦ ܢ ܐܝܬ . ܟܕ ܡܬ ܪܓܡ ܗܘܐ
ܘܡܪܬܐܼ ܒܐܝܡܡܐ ܘܒܠܠܫܐ ܒܬܫܡܫܬܐܼ ܘܒܫܪܘܪܐ°. ܘܒܒܠ ܥܕܢ 22.6 301 ܗܘܐ

‎1. The name has fallen ont; see note on lransl, — 2. Ms. e3326, inarg. in later hand ‏ܐ ܐܦܪܗܡ‎

‎and in all the labours of monasticism, as well as in excellent government all
the time of his life. And he ended his course during the same persecution;
and he died and was buried in the monastery called "that of Mar Mama '.
But to succeed him a great blessed senior was appointed whose name was
5ymy?; who by his birth (γένος) was a native of Arzen?; who with his two
predecessors Sergius and Cosmas were * in our days, since we indeed in the
days of the blessed Sergius and the others who succeeded him received the
privilege of residing in tlie convent. When then after the decease of the
blessed Sergius they were urging the blessed Symy to take up the govern-
ment, he continued objeciing and refusing, saying, € Allow me, mv brothers,
to repent and make entreaty on account of my sins, because | have not one
day beyond three vears and a half in the body ». And, since not even after
his prophecy also (which was shown to be exact truth) did he escape, but
they constrained him and he took liis place at the head with earnestness as
it is written? excellently and like a teacher, expounding and admonishing
day and night with service and Pwith vigil *, he would also at all times

‎1. Ms. om. The chronology in this ch. and ch, 35 makes il clear that the monastery of Mama is
intended. --- 2. CF. Zach. ἈΠ vir, ὃν where he js placed among the banished archimandriles, while
Sergius is omitled. — 3. See p. 566, n. 2, — 4. Sic syr. — 5. 1 do not know the source of the ref, —
6, Ms, *afler il’ uneaninglessly), and in marg. in later hand ‘Abraham,
