[533] LIFE OF CAESARIA. 187

ܘܒܡܿܝܕܐ ܕܡܠܟܘܬܐ ‎MM‏ ܗܘܬ ̇. ‎Kot‏ ܦܠܚ ܠܦܣܩܟܐ ܕܡܢ ܗܥܝܢ ܟܥܗܝܢ
‎LH‏ ܘܠܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ ܕܪܒܐ ܡܝܢ ܡܫܘܚܬܐ ‎«Ἀ «νο‏ .ܟܢܐ ܕܡܝܢ ܡ ܐܟ ܘܠܬ]|
‎La‏ ܠܓܡܪ ‎Ka.ms‏ ܗܘܐ :. ܘܚܕܐ ‎Lisoes Las Len a: ES‏
ܘܚܠܐ ܕܠܐ ܡܫܝܐ ܘܐܪ̈ܝܘܙܢܐ ܡܣܬܝܒܪܐ ܗܘܬ܆. ܘܥܠ ‎Lac‏ ܥܠ ܐܪܥܐ ‎ass‏ ܗܘܬ .
‎νε»‏ ܕܝܢ ܘܒܚ ܕܒܫܒܐ ܡܛܠ ‎jv‏ ܕܐ" ܦܚܣ ܧܘܦܐ ‎ο‏ .ܢܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ
ܐܬܛܦܝܣܬ.. ‎Lasse)‏ ܩܠܝܠ ‎Te Joss‏ ܠܗܿ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܕ ‎à ce» fios‏
ܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ ‎Jlausoco‏ ܐܬܟ ܚ ܐܘܿ.. ‎καν‏ ܗܘܝܢ ‎xo Où‏ ° ܕܬܦܘܦ ܡܢ ‎JAsos‏
‏ܘܬܠܒܘܟ ‎[ENT JN po‏ ܟܕ ܠܐ ܬܠܙܐ ‎οἱ . Kool ol‏ ܠܟܘܪܗܢܐ ܩܫܝܐ ܬܪܡ

‎Ne‏ . ܕܡܝܢ ܐܢܢܩܐ ܡܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܬܦܘܫ. 09 ܕܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܝܬܐܼ ܟܕ ܥܠ ܟܘܪ̈ܗܢܐ
ܡܢܢ ‎VN‏ ܗܘܬ ‎Loc LS po‏ ܘܐܘܿܒܪܐ. ܕܐܫܬܘܦ ܕܝܢ ‎bas)‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܠܟܘܪ̈ܗܙܐ

‎ER‏ ܟܠܗܘܢ ‎nu «δοῦν‏ ܐܝܘܬ ܐ ܕܒܠܚܘܕ ܚܘܠܡܢܐ ‎io Iso,‏ ܟܕ ܕܢ

‏ܬܘܒ ܠܬ ܐܓ ܘܪܬܐ ܪܘܚܢܬܫܬܐ ܠܗܝܩܐ ܗܘܬ ܕܡܫܬܬܪܘܬܐ: ܟܕ ܛܒ ܚܟܝܡܬܐ ܘܣܕܦܝܪܬ
ܒܩܪܝܢܐ ‎skis‏ ܘܕܟܠܗܘܢ ܐܒܗ̈ܐܐ ‎TR‏ ܗܘܐ. ܗܙܚ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܣܓܝ ‎ου‏

‏ܐܝܬܝ ܗ ‎Ms,‏ .1

‎who had been reared in endless luxuries, and had grown accustomed to royal
habits. who suddenly came to be cut off from all these things, and subjected
herself to asceticism bevond measure, so that she completely cut herself olf
from eatiug bread, and every other day she would feed on eooked herbs with
salt and vinegar without oil and inoist rolls, aud «he used to sleep on sack-
cloth on the ground, but on the sabbath aud the lirst dav of the week under
pressure from the bishops and many blessed men she consented that a little
oil should be put on the herbs for her; so that, having found her living in all
this asceticism and hardship, we continued blaming her aud advising her to
give up high things and embraee moderate things, les! being unable to
endure she might either lose lier strength or fall into severe illness and be
forced from necessity (ἀνάγκη) to give it all up. But the blessed woman, when
she heard us speak of illnesses, continued praying and saviug :« Would that
God had granted me bodily illnesses all the days of my life, in order that |
might possess health of soul only. » — Moreover, since she thirsted alter the
spiritual gain of the excellent life, though she was wise and learned in the
reading of the Seriptures and of all the fatliers, it pleased lier greatly to ask

‎* 121 ^ b.
