‎HISTORY OF THE CONVENT OF JOIN URTAYA. 223‏ ]560[
‎jopo‏ ܠܟܠ ܐܢܫ܆. ܠܡܐܨܦ ܘܠܡܬܚܦܛܗ ܥܠ ‎Jas‏ ܕܚܫ̈ܘܗܝ ܪ̈ܘܚܢܝܐ. ܟܕ
ܐܦ ܣܓܝܐܐ ‎oa S S s‏ ܡܬܢܗܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܘܒܡܪܬܐܝܢܘܬܗ ܠܘܬ ܡܦܬܚܝ ܪܥܝܢܐ
ܘܚܫܐ ܘܕܡ̈ܥܐ ܐܬܝܢ ܗܘܘܢ. ܟܕ ܡܬܕܡܪܝܢ ܘ݀ܡܘܕܝܢ ܠܐܠܗܐ. ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܗܘܬ ܕܝܢ
ܕܠܘܬܗ.. ܐܦ ܡܘܗܒܬܐ ‎JS aa‏ ܘܕܢܒܚܘܬܐ ‎(els)‏ ܗܕܐ ܕܠܘ ° ܒܠ .ܘܕ ܡܦܩܢܗ
ܩܕܡ ܝܕܥ , ܘܐܬ ܢܒܝ . ܐܠܐ ܘܐܦ ܥܠ ‎JI eo Ινωξω‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܠܘܬ ܒܨܝܪܘܬܢ
ܕܝܠܢ ‎Liass‏ ܢܐܡܪ ܘܢܐܬܢܒܐ܂ ܦܬܓܡܡܐ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ. ܗܠܝܢ ‎Jis, Jess‏ ܡܬܝ ܡܝܢ
‎κᾶν‏ ܕܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܠܐ ‎Kas‏ ܥܠ ‎Μο.‏ ܐܬܒܕ ܪ ܡܢ ܬܚܘܡܐ ܕܡܠܬܗܼ ܘܐܦ
ܥܕ ܗܢܐ. ܗܠܝܢ ‎κοῖλα‏ ܡܢ ܪܘܫܡܐ ܕܝܠܗܝܢ.. ܡܛܠ ܕܕܠܡܐ ܢܣܬ ܒܪ ܕܥܠ
‎ass‏ ܝܨܝܦܝܢ ‎Janus, κὰν‏ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܬܐ. ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܢܐ ‎js‏ ܙܒܢܐ ‎some,‏ ܥܠ
ܢܦܝܗ.. ܩܕܡ ‎Jo JA‏ ܘܒܪܟ ܘܦܿܩܕ ‎j Go‏ ܠܟܠܝܢܫ. ‎y Jio‏ ܦܢܣܩܐ
‎same;‏ .+ ܠܡ ܪܗܼܛܗ ܒܗ ܒܪܕܘܦܝܐ ܒܐܬܪܐ ܕܡܕܢܚܐ܂. ܒܕܝܪܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ ‎“Jason‏
‏ܗܕܐ ܕܐܦ ܟܘܠܗ ܟܢܘܢܝܐ܂ ܒܗ ܥܡܿܪ ‎joo‏ ܒܬܪ ܕܝܢ ܫܝ̈ܢܝܐ ܚܡܫ: ܟܕ ܩܪܝܬܐ
ܕܡܢ 42055[ ܗܘܬ ܼ. ܚܢܢ ‎vuole]‏ ܥܡܼܛܥܢ ܘܠܡܕܥܬܘ ‎ao case‏ ܠܗ

‎1. Ms. om. and ins. stop. — 2. Ms. ‏.ܕܚܬܪܘܙܝܬܐ‎

‎adjure and warn everyone to bestow care and earnestness upon finding
spiritual life, and many were in fact enlightened by his teaching, aud by
his admonition were brought to open their hearts and to sorrow and tears,
wondering and giving thanks to God. But his praver and the gift of revo-
lations and of prophecy was of such a kind that not only did he gain know-
ledge of his departure beforehand and prophosy it, but even concerning many
other things also, insomuch that at the beginning he spoke and uttered
many prophecies to our own mean self also, of which we truthfully assert
that none has fallen to the ground or fallen short of the pronouncement
uttered by him even down to this very day: which we refrain from recording,
lest we be thought to be desirous of displaying great things about ourself.
Wlien therefore this man had completed the time which he decreed for
himself, some days before ' he called and blessed and commanded and warned
everyone, and so according to the decree which he laid down he ended his
course during the same persecution iu the country of the East in the mon-
astery called that of the Poplars?, in which also the whole community was
residing. But after five years, when the recall from banishment came, we
ourselves were privileged to carry and convey his holy bones iuto the eonvent

‎* 13 vob.
