‎HISTORY OF THE CONVENT OF JOHN URTAYA. 200‏ ]555[
ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ. ܘܡܿܠܦܢܐ ‎ss [soso‏ ܕܠܝܕ ‎οι‏ ܗܘܐ ܫܡܘܐܝܠ܂ ܘܠܝܝܢ
ܝܘܢܬܢ. ܕܥܡܝܪ ‎Joor‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܒܕܝܪܐ ܕܐܘܪ̈ܗܝܐ ‎el‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܟܬܒܘ ܟܬܒܝ̈ܐ ‎JR oo‏
ܕܡܝܢ ‎ωρα ολ.)‏ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ ‎lo‏ ܥܕ ‎Es μοι‏ ܒܗ ܒܥܘܡܪܐ. ‎NX co‏
ܡܫܡܗܘܬܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܘܡܛܘܠ ܦܐܝܘܬܐ ܕܕܘܒܕ̈ܘܗܝ܂.. ܐܦܝܣܘܗܝ ‎«αι‏ ܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ
ܫܡܘܐܝܠ ܘܝܘܢܬܢ.. ܕܢܫܬܘܘܢ ܠܡܥܡܪܐ ܕܥܡܗ. ܘܩܒܝܠ ܐܢܘܢ ܘܗܘܼܘ ܥܡܗ.
.ܘܙ .180 ” ܟܕ ܐܦ ܥܡܗ ܘܠܘܬܗ ܘܐܦ ܗܢܘܢ ‎C‏ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ. ܒܠܡ̈ܠܐ ܕܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ ܘܝܘܠܦܢܐ
‎NS‏ ܐܠܗܐ ‎SS so‏ ܗܘܘ ܘܡܬ ܕܪܫܝܢ. ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܐ ܫܪܝ ܥܘܡܪܐ ‎Mose‏
‏ܠܩܕܡܘܗܝ: ܥܕܡܐ ‎οἱ»‏ ܠܬܪܒܝܬܐ ‎Ἆ-ν SE] Juss‏ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܕܒܝܘ̈ܬܗ
ܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ: ܒܟ̈ܢܝܢܐ ܘ ܒܘܬܐ ܘܒܬܪܒܫܬܐܼ ‎Joss Hauts‏ ܠܡܢܚܢܝܐ ‎Ka)‏
‏ܓܒܪ̈ܝܢ.. ‎Cor‏ ܠܡ ܪܗܛܐ ܕܕܘܒܪ̈ܘܗܝ ܛܝܘܒܝܢܐ ܡܪܝ ‎AO καλὰς,‏ ܡܢ
ܥܠܡܐܼ. ܟܕ ‎σα‏ ܒܝܙܘܟܬܗ ܥܠ ܡܡܨܙܒܪܢܘܬܗ ܙܥܘܡܪܿܐ܂ ‎μα. κα. Lisa‏

‏ܕܝܢ ‎Jon ai) Aa‏ ܡܢ ܥܘܡܪܐ܂ ܒܝ̇ܝܚܘܗܝ ܕܛܘܒܥܐ. ܘܟܕ ܘܬܬܢܝܚ ܬܘܒ ‎JL‏

‎1. Ms. aise.

‎men eame to him, and they also were renowned and famous men, and
teachers and firstrate scribes, one of whom was named Samuel and the other
Jonathan, who had been living in the monastery of the Edessenes ' at Amida,
who transcribed? many books, which by virtue of their wills (διαθήκας) have
been handed down in the convent even down to the present day itself. And
in consequence of the blessed man's renown and in consequence of his beau-
tiful manuer of life the blessed men Samuel and Jonathan begged him that
they might be granted the privilege of living with him; and he accepted
them, aud they took up their abode with him, while tliey also too with him
and in his company received more teaching and instruction in the labours
of asceticism and the teaching of religion. — When then the convent had
begun to advance and progress, so mueli so that with all its belongings it
in a great fashion attained to a large increase in buildings and belongings
and increase of the brotherhood up to the number of fifty meu, tlieu the bles-
sed Mar John euded the course of his practices, and departed from the world,
having left as his successor in the government of the convent the blessed
Samuel. But the blessed Jonathan had removed from the convent during
the blessed man's lifetime; and when he had fallen asleep he came back, and

‎1. See p. 221 and p. 391. — 2. Or ‘wrote’; but the title ‘seribes” points 10 the other meaning.
