+130 v? b.

210 JOHN OF EPUESUS. [556]

ܗܘܐ ܘܠܝܼܡܪ ܥܡ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܫܡܘܐܝܠ. ܘܥܡܼܪܘ ܐܝܟ ܚܕܐ ܐܚܥܐܝܬ' ܘܪܘܚܢܐܝܬ. ܥܕܡܐ
ܠܫܘܠܡܗ ‎lia)‏ ܫܡܘܐܝܠ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܕ ܬܘܣܦܬܐ ܣܓܝܐܬܐ ܗܢܐ #33 ܥܠ
ܥܘܡܪܐ.. ܢܨܦܩ܂ ܘܐܦ ‎où‏ ܡܢ ‎asso RSS‏ ܥܠ ܡܕܒܝܚܪܢܝܘܬܗ ܡܢ ܒܬܪܗ.
ܠܛܘܒܢܐ ܝܘܢܬܢ.° ܗܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܬܘܒ ܒܐܝܕܥܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ ° ܘܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ ܬܩܝܢܬܐ ܐܝܬܝ
‎ολ‏ 1 ܟܠܗܝܢ ܕܒܽܘܬܗ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ. ܘܒܬܪܟܢ ‎οοι olo isa‏ ܡܢ ‎«d LL‏
ܘܩܡ ܡܢ ܒܬܪܗܼ ‎Lisa)‏ ܐܝܘܒ. ܘܐܦ ܗܢܐ ܡܝܬܪܐܝܬ ܘܢܡܘܣܐܝܬ ܘܪܘܚܢܐܝܬ
ܕܒܪ ‎(oo‏ ܝܘܡ̈ܬܗܢ. ‎asso‏ ܡܝܢ ܥܠܡܐ ܕܥܝܩ̈ܬܐ ܠܐܬܪܐ ܕܚܬܕܘܬܐ. ܘܘܚܡ ܡܢ
ܒܬܪܗ 5 ‎ομ‏ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ܂ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܒܪܗܡ. ‎μοι‏ ܕܐܦ ܒܪ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ.
‎bos‏ ܠܡ܂ ܒܝܬܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐܼ ܘܐܡܐ ܣܒܬܐ. ‎flo‏ ܘܓܢܣܬܐ ܐܝܕܝܥܐ.
ܘܟܕ ܙܒܢܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܡܝܬܪܐܝܬ ܠܥܘܡܪܐ ܡܡܕܒܪ ‎Joo‏ - ܐܬܬܙܝܥ ܠܡ ‎µε)‏ ܣܪܝܩܐ
ܠܩܘܒܥܗ ܡܢ 1“« ܒܐ̈ܬܫ ܥܘܡܪܐ ܟܘܕ ܡܣܝܼܒܪܝܝܢ ܥܠܘܗܝ.. ܐܝܟ ܗܼܘ ܕܡܝܢ
‎fisoan‏ ܟܘܣܤܝܐܝܬ ܠܒ̈ܬܝܚ ‎Aus‏ ܡܦܪܢܣ ‎᾿ϑόμο‏ ܘܟܕ ܒܟܠܗܝܢ ‎où‏ ܪܘܚܐ ܥܠ
ܐܦܝ ܗܠܝܢ ܢ̇ܦܩ ‎Aa - Jon‏ ܠܐ ‎est)‏ ܠܡܪܚܩܘ ܡܢ ܡܣܤܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ ܕܕܐܝܟ

1. Ms. ‏.ܐܚܐ ܢܐܝܬ‎ — 2, Me. om. stop.

lived with the blessed Samuel, and thev lived together in brotherlv and
spiritual fashion, until the decease of the blessed Samuel; so that, when this
man had made a great addition to the convent, he also as well departed from
the world; and over the government of it after him he left the blessed
Jonathan. And this man again by great knowledge and sound government
brought about an increase in all the belongings of the convent; and after-
wards he also as well departed from the life here; and the blessed Job was
appointed to sueceed him; and this man also governed excellently and law-
fully and spiritually all his days, and he departed from the world of distresses
to the country of jovs: and the blessed Abraham was appointed to succeed
him at the head of the monastery, who was also a native of the city. This
man (the informants stated) had a house in the city, and an old mother,
aud brothers and a l'eonsiderable number of kinsmen' (γένος. And, when
he had been governing the convent excellently for ἃ long time, unfounded
ill-feeling was stirred up against him (they stated) by certain members of
the convent who suspected of him that he was secretly providing for his
household and making them gifts from the convent; and, while he for his
part defended himself from these charges on every point, they on their

1 Or *' distinguished kin'.
