* 126 r? b.

19% JOHN OF EPHESUS. [540 :

ܬܫܡܫܬܐ. ܡܛܘܠ ‎Jus‏ ܐܝܬܝ ܗ ܘܐܦ ‎Ju‏ ܘܦ݀ܠܓ ܒܗܠܝܢ ‎d LS‏
‎His‏ ܕܒܐܝ̈ܕܝܟ ܩܚܡ ܐܠܗܐ. ‎οἱ‏ ܟܠ ‎Lis La)‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܒܬܥܠܝܢܟ ْ ‎J 132a o‏
‎où‏ ܡܕܡ ‎M Nol‏ ܡܣܝܿܒܬܐ ‎μὲ‏ ܒܐܠܗܐ.. ܕܠܐ ‎Pipe‏ ܡܢܝ ‎(Jor‏ ܕܠܫ ‎“αἱ‏
‏ܐܠܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܡܪܝ ܘܒܪܘܝ ܘܦܪܘܩܝ ܘܡܚܝܬܝ܂ ‎CAM AS‏ ܘܡܢ ܗܝܕܝܢ ‎Sos. ol]‏
ܘܐܬܘ ܡ̈ܠܝܐ. ܘܠܘܩܒܠ ܡܘܘܚܬܐ ܕܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ° ‎Kas‏ ܡܐܢܐ܂. ܡܬܘ ܘܩ ܗܘܐ
ܬܠܒܦ̈ܬ| ‎Joi.so‏ ܘܡ̈ܬܕܝܠܐ . ܘܐܬܘ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܕܗܒܝܢ ܘܡ ܝܙܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎RoJotadol Loi‏ :
ܘܟܡܬܒܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܫܡܗܿ ‎SP)‏ ܘܕܓܒܪܗܿ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܣܕ̈ܘܢܐ ܢܩ̈ܕܐ ܘܬܡܝ̈ܗܐ ܘܟܪ̈ܒ ܣܐ
ܦܕ̈ܣܝܐ ܡܝܬ ܝܬ ܗܘܬ . ܘܡܬܩܪܡܝܢ ܗܘܘܼ ܟܠܗܘܢ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܡܐܢܐ ܕܓܒܪܗܿ ܟܘܠܗܘܢ
ܐܬܦܣܩܘ. ܐܝܬܝܬ ‎oi‏ ܬܘܒ ‎Lis‏ ܪܝܝܬ ܕܠܐ ܒܙܥܘܙܿ.. ‎ea so‏ ܕܗܒܐ ܙܩܝܪܐ

ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ‎ES‏ ܘܨܘܖ̈ܬܐ ܪ̈ܝܫܝܬܐ ܕܫܐܪ̈ܝܐ ‎[2S asso‏ ܘܡܝܬܛܟܣܐ. ܘܐܠܘܣܪܝܩܘܢ

ioa [ais ‏ܗܕܐ ܠܐܠ ܗܐ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ‎ Las be ‏ܘܟܕ ܬܘܒ ܪܓܝܢ‎ gue
‏ܡܬܚܪܝܐ ܗܘܬ‎ ωοιο 9)» ‏ܗܘܝܢ‎ «ele ‏ܕܢܙܕܒܥܘܢ ܘܢܬܝܗܒܘܢ ܥܡܣܟ̈ܙܐ:‎
] 2:30: où ‏ܕܒܬܘܢܓܠܚܘܢ.. ܕܥܠ‎ Laos ‏ܠܡܿܡܦܣܩܘ ܐܢܘܢ .. ܕܚܕܠܢ ܡܝܢ ܬܬܥܝܬܐ‎

and perform this service for me also as well, because this also as well
is of God: and divide these among all the churches and  monasteries
which God established through you', or wherever God puts it into your
mind; and from the poor, as far as in me lies, 1l trust in God that nothing
will be taken away by me; since for my part ] have no one except God
my Lord and my Creator and my Savionr and my Life-givor ». And
from that tine stitchers were sumimoned and came; and cloths and veils and
napkins (μανδήλη) * were cut ou! according to the size of cach article of clo-
thing; and men came who were occupied in gilding and decorating them in
a marvellous manner, and inscribing her own name and her husband's, while
she also continued to. bring clean and marvelous linen cloths and Persian
eambries, and they were all overlaid?.— And, when al! her husband's clothes
had been cut up, she went on to bring her own fine clothes in no small
number, and the woven gold also was upon them, and fine figures made
of various silks and raw silks (μέταξα), and pure silk (ὁλοσηρικόν), and s0 on.
And, while we were again thinking, « Perhaps it would have pleased God
more that they should be sold and given to the poor », and were saying so 10
her and she on her part was insisting on cutting them up, we were frightened
by our Lord's expression in the gospel (εὐχγγέλιον) about the fine ointment of

1. During his inissiunary expedilions in Asia Minor; see eh. 47, - 2, 1. ον allar-choths, veils fur
the sacred vessels, and puritieators, — 3. Se. wilh gold.
