[5611 HISTORY OF THE CONVENT OF JOHN URTAYA. 215

o 9LLlo ‏ܐܩܫܡ ܥܠ ܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ. ܐܬܒܫ ܠܗܘܢ‎ Ιμικω 1 ‏ܡܢ‎ MONS, Loo
mis ‏ܠܡ‎ Lh ‏ܐܡܪ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ.‎ fisag Je ‏ܡܪܛܢܝܢ. ܘܟܕ‎ esso ‏ܘܐܬ݀ܥܕܠܘ‎
‎ad) ‏ܕܝܢ‎ Nano Has aM oL ‏ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܡܢ ܩܕܝܘܟ. ܠܕܒܝܢܟܘܢ‎ c»
use ‏ܡܢ ܟܠܟܘܢ‎ RN ‏ܠܝ‎ NJ bo ‏ܫܕܝܬܘܢܝܗܝ ܠܝܘܩܪܐ.. 2 ܣܟܐ‎
. ‏ܐܩܝ ܘܒܬ‎ Lo Jes ‏ܠܦܘܪܢܣܗ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ ܘܢܐ . ܟܕ ܐܦ ܝܕܥ ܐܢܐ ܕܡܢܐ‎
‏ܐܢܐ ܕܟܠ‎ Jo τοί ‏ܣܓܚܐܐ: ܘܟܕ ܠܟܠܟܘܢ ܐܢܛܪ‎ Lis) ‏ܐܢܐ ܡܢ‎ Jp ‏ܠܓܒܪܐ‎
‏ܘܚܦ ܝܛ ܘܝܨܝܦ܂‎ pass ‏ܐܢܐ‎ JL Loi Ap ‏ܐܢܫ ܕܢܦܟܗ ܘܕܢܣܝܚܗ ܒܠܚܘܙ‎

ܘܪܗܝܛ ܠܩܘܝܡܗ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ. ܘܕܡܛܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ.. ܠܗ ܗܿܝܡܢܬ܂ ܘܡܗܝܡܢ
ܐܢܐ ܕܘܟܬܝ. ‎oó‏ ܕܡܬܛܦܟܝܣ ܠܗ ܘܡܩܒܠ ܘܡܢܝܼܝ.. ܠܝ ܡܩܒܠ ܘܡܢܝܼܝ.
‎có‏ ܕܡܬܚܪܐ ܥܡܗ ܘܩܐܡ ܠܩܘܒܠܗ. ܝܬܝܪܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܠܥܘܡܪܐ ‎bot‏ ܟܕ ܕܝܢ
ܗܠܝܢ ‎ooo Ies Nan] Lisa‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ‎wo y ° Jaamss/‏ ܘܐܙܠ ܠܐܬ ܪܐ
ܕܐܬܩܪܝ ‎D‏ ܗܿܝܙܝܢ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܚܘܝܘ 904« 3202.5[ ܘܒܚܝܪܝܢܐ ܩܫܕܝܐ ܠܩܘܒܠܗ
ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܒܪܗܡ ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪܝܢ.. ܕܠܓܒܪܐ ܠܡ ܩܘܪܝܝܐ ‎RS Losio‏ ܡܢ ܣܓܺܝܐܐ
ܐܩܚܕܼܡ ‎COS‏ ܪܝܫܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܥܒܝ̣ܕܘܢ ܩܘܢܝܢ ܚܕܐ ܂. ܘܩܡܥܘܢ ܒܚܝܪܝܢܐ܂ ‎(asso‏

1. Ms, ol.

a low place to the governorship, showed displeasure and indignation and
found fault and began to murmur. And, when the blessed man saw it, he
said to them : « You know, my sons, that for my part I at first committed
the matter to your discretion. But, now that you tlirew the burden upon
me, 1 on my side thought this old man fitter than all of you to administer
the affairs of this convent, while I know also what 1 have done and whoml
have appointed, a man whom I have seen for a long time, and, while 1 observe
all of you, and see that each concerns himself onlv with himself and his
gratification, I see that this man is vigilant and energetic and earnest,
and eager to promote the interests of the convent. And for all these reasons
it is to him that ] have entrusted and am entrusting my place. And he who
obeys him, and receives and pleases him receives and pleases me; and he
who strives with him and opposes him is superiluous in this convent ».
When these things had been carried out in this way, and the blessed bishop
had given his blessing and prayed and gone to the district to which ho liad
been suinmoned, then many stood forth in envy and bitter strife against the
same blessed Abraham saving, « He set as head over us ἃ man who ds ἃ
peasant and a shepherd holding a low place ». And so they made one com-

pauy (κοινήν), and rose up in strife, and separated themselves; and sixty men
PATR. OR. — 2. XIX. — VF. 3. 1:
