* 134 r° a.

290 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [566]

ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܒܗ: ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܒܕܝܪܐ ܡܿܫܡܗܬܐ ܕܡ̈ܶܕܢܚܝܐ ܕܐܘܪܗܝ: ‎LL]‏ ܕܦܘܠܘܣ
‎Lal‏ ܡܬܩܝܼܪܐ ܗܘܐ: ܗܢܐ ‎Lacs Joco el‏ ܩܠܝܠ ܒܪܕܝܦܘܬܗ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ 4.99
ܡܝܢ ܥܠܡܐ.. ‎Lise‏ ܗܘܐ ܩܕܡ ܣܓܺܝܐܐ ܒܟܠܗܘܢ ܝܘܡ̈ܘܗܝ܆. ܥܠ ܟܗܝܢܘܬܗ
ܕܥܘܡܪܐ ܟܕ ]9 ܕܐܪܒܥܡܐܐ ܠܡ ‎Ris‏ ܒܡܢܝܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܢ ܗܘܚܢ ܒܗ ܩܕܡ
ܫܒܝܗ ‎.sa0‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܟܗܝܢ ܗܘܐ ‎male‏ ܥܘܡܪܐ ܗܢܐ ‎lisa:‏ ܡܪܝ ܝܘܚܢܝܢ.
ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܕ ܐܠܝܕ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܠܡ ܐܬܪܐ ܠܡܥܡܪܐ ܕܝܠܗ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ.. ܐܬܚܫܒܘ
‎Kai‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܒܝܬܐ ܚܕ ܪܒܐ ‎AS‏ ܬܫܡܫܬܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܐܪܡ̣ܝܘ ܦܗܬ̈ܠܐ ܕܡܒܕܝܢܬܐ
‎«corsa‏ ܕܢܦܝܣܩܘܢ ܡܿܠܚܝܛܘܦܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܕ ܨܒܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎SS nay‏ ܐܢܘܢ ‎Lisa)‏
‏ܠܕܝܪܐ܂. ܡܐ ܕܡܬܬܚܕ ܗܘܐ ܦܘܪܛܐ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܒܪܡܫܝܬܐ.. ° ‎ο‏ ܡܝܬܝܢ
ܚܕ ܣܕܪܐ ܡܢ ܕܝܪܐ܂ ܘܥܕܡܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܥܠܝܘ̈ܛܡܐܝܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎«Mace‏ ܗܘܘ ܠܗܝܢ
ܠܟ̈ܐܦܐ. ܘܡܥܒܪܝܢ ܠܗܝܢ ‎qu‏ ܠܥܠ ‎uv‏ ܘܥܒܕ̈ܢ ܥܠ ܣܕܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ.. ܥܕܡܐ ‎ES)‏
‏ܘܡ̈ܬܟܝܟܝܢ ܥܠ ܒܬܝܥܐ܆. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܐܬܒܝܼܢܝܚ ܒܢܝܢܐ ‎où‏ ܬܩܝܦܐ.. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܠܐ ܐܫܥܬܠܡ
ܡܛܠ ‎Lisa‏ ܕܦܪ̈ܣܝܐ ܘܒܘܕܪܐ ܕܐܚܘܬܐ. ‎Bel £2» had‏ 9 ܒܬܪ ܦܕ̈ܣܝܐ..

who was in the renowned monastery of the Orientals at Edessa', who was
called Paul of Arzen?, who also departed from the world a few years before
during the persecution of the convent?, used all his days in the presence
of many persons to tell about the prosperity of the convent, saying :
« Before the deportation by Kawad we numbered [our hundred men in it;
and so prosperous and extensive was the convent of the blessed Mar John,
that, since their space was too much confined for the purposes of occupation
by the same convent, they formed the plan of building for themselves a
large house for a ehapel. And so the masons of the city applied tliemselves
10 hewing out metopes (μέτωπα); so that, when the blessed men wished to
eonvey them to the monastery after the gate (πόρτα) of the city was shut at
dusk, they used to go out and fetch them in one liue from the monastery
right up to the quarries (λαοτοµία) themselves; and thus they would hand on
ihe stones and pass the from one to another, and thev are passed down
their lines till they enter the preeincts and are piled upon the building, and
thus that extensive building was built, though it was not completed on
account of the deportation by the Persians and the scattering of the bro-
therhood; so that, since a heap (2)' remained after the Persiaus, à large

1. Cf. Land, p. 291. — 2. Arzanene, otherwise called Arzun (p. 155). This was in Persian lerritors,

— 3. 521-36; see Introd., p. tv. — ^. Lit. ‘mouutain’, perl; a heap of debris like the Mons Testaceus
al Rome.
