‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [528]‏ 182
ܘܙܠܫ̈ܩܐ ‎a2) [αι‏ ܗܘܘ ܡܢ ܦܪܨܘܦܗ ܘܟܦܬܐ ܕܚܝܠܬܐ ‎Jiass‏ ܕܐܬܡܬܝܚܬ
ܠܥܠ ܡܢܗ ܟܕ ‎Le‏ ܒܓܘܗܿ.. ܘܚܕܝܪ ܠܗ ‎Jom)‏ ܪܒܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎be Je‏ ܕܚܝܠܐ
ܓܒܪܐ. ‎où‏ ܒܙܘܰܘ ܡܣܟܢܐ܂ ܟܕ ܡܿܨܠܐ ‎Joo fn‏ ܐܬܬܙܝܥ. ܘܢܦِܠ ܥܠ ܐ ܦܘܗܝ ܥܠ

‏ܐܪܥܐ. ° ܘܒܬܪ ܩܠܝܠ ܩܡ ‎wiso‏ ܘܐܬܐ ‎Ales‏ 19.5 ܪܒܐ. ܟܕ ‎Museo WS‏

‎ha] [e‏ ܕܐܦ ܚܢܢ ‎alpes‏ ܢܬ ܪܗܒ .. ܘܠܙܘܥܬܐ ܕܡܢ ‎oM us‏ ܟܝܕ
‎RSS A) νο ο‏ ܣܘܪܗܒܗ ܘܙܘܥܬܗ. ܘܝܡܼܐ ܠܢ ܒܐܠܗܐ ܐܚܝܕ
‎Lon [M Kas‏ ܟܠܗ ܚܙܘܐ ‎Re‏ ܒܗ ‎oùs‏ ܡܣܟܢܐ.. ܕܠܐ ܕܓܠܘܬܐ ‎οἱ‏
‏ܬܘܣܦܬܐ ܡܕܡ. ܘܙܥ܂ ‎LM‏ ܘܪܥܠܕܘ ‎Rosso Mb‏ ܟܕ ܗܟܢܐ ܫܒܩܬܗ ܕܩܐܡ
ܒܙܝܘܐ ‎où‏ ܕܚܕܚܐܐ܂ ܘ݀ܥܪܩܬ. ‎Lin]‏ ܕܠܐ ܬܘܒ ‎Maas]‏ ܘܐܡܿܪܚܬ ‎AN" Χο‏
ܠܘܥܕܗ. ܗܘܼܐ ܕܝܢ ‎ρα.‏ ܟܠܗ. ܟܕ ‎Suas‏ ܘܙ( ܥ 19399 ܡܢ ܚܙܘܐ ‎où‏ ܕܚܝܼܝܠܐ.
ܒܥܠܝܐ ܕܝܢ ܐ ܙܠ ܐܫܟܚܗ ܐܝܟܐ ‎oen‏ ܗܘܐ .. ܘܢܦܸܠ ܥܠ ܪ̈ܓܠܘܗܝ. ܟܕ
‎Jas‏ ܘܪܐܬ ܡܢ ܕܚܥܬܗ. ‎où‏ ܕܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ܂ ܝܕܥ ܥܠܕܬܐ ܕܕܚܠܬܗܼ ‎polo‏ ܠܗ.
ܕܥܠ ܡܢܐ ܠܡ ܓܒܪܐ ܒܬܪ ܡܣܟܢܘܬܝ ‎Ron‏ ܕܬܥܩܒ ܥܠ ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܠܐ

‎from his face (πρόσωπον), and an awful bow of fire that was stretched out above
him while he stood within it, and a great light surrounded him. And, when
that man saw this awful] spectacle on that poor man as he was praying, he was
frightened, and fell on his face on the ground. And after a little time he rose
and fled and came to us at a great pace, shaking and trembling and weeping ;
insomuch that we ourselves were alarmed atthe sight of him, and were brought
to a state of sudden fright, inquiring what was the cause of his agitation and
fright. And he swore 10 us by God the Ruler of all the ages, « 1 saw all this
spectacle on that poor man, without falsehood or any exaggeration; and my
heart quaked, and my limbs shook, and I fled, leaving him standing thus iu
that awful splendour, and 1 fled', so that I never again had ihe power and
the boldness to lift my eyes toward him. » And during the whole of the
day he was in a condition of stupor and tremor and perturbation from that
awful spectacle; but at night he went and found him in the place where he
used to sleep, and he fell at his feet, weeping and trembling from his fear.
But the blessed man knew the cause of his fear, and said to liim : « Whero-
fore, man, did you come out after my poverty, to mquire into things which do
not concern you? ». And, adjuring him by the living God, he continued

‎1. Sie syr.
