[527] LIFE OF PRISCUS. 181

ܕܝܝܢ ܒܙܒܝܢ ܩܘܪܢܗ ܕܣܬܘܐ: ܟܕ ‎eh‏ ܚܢܝܢ ‎No mur‏ ܙܒܕܥܢ ܠܗ
‎μ.ο»‏ ܘܒܫܪ̇ܘܢܐ.. ܘܫܕܪܢ ܒܚܕ ‎EE‏ ܗܽܘ. ܟܕ ܡܦܝܣ ܠܗ ܕܢܠܒܕܫ܂ ܘܢܫ̈ܬܝܝܢ
ܒܣܬܘܐ. ‎«a o9‏ ܟܕ ‎Lors | y29 Jp‏ ܘܐܬܬܦܝܪ ‎As‏ ܟܕ ‎exe]‏ ܕܙܠ ܒܐܘܪܚܟ
ܓܒܪܐ܂ ܠܡܢܐ ‎ulla‏ ܐܢܬ ܠܝ ܠܡܣܟܢܐ. ‎ous‏ ܠܗ ܕܝܢ ‎où‏ ܕܡܢܝܢ ܐܫܬܕܪ..
‎ans]‏ ܡܛܠ ܚܘܒܐ ܘܡܛܘܠ ܥܙܝܙܘܬܗ ܕܣܬܘܐ.. ܙܒܢ ‎eo‏ ܠܟ. ܐܡܪ ܠܗ
ܗܼܘ. ܕܙܙܠ ܐܸܡܪ ܠܗ ° ‎ο ο.‏ ܘܠܐ ‎Lon)‏ ܠܡܐ ܕܦ ܕܬܦܪܣܐ ܕ !

ܬܬܦܪܣܐܿ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܠܐ ܐܬܛܦܝܣ ‎sous‏ ܘܡܢ ܗܺܝ ܕܝܢ ‎VER‏ ܓܒܪܐ ‎où‏ ܕܥܡܝܢ
‎τὰν‏ ܠܗ ‎oM Jio Lis”‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܚܦܝܛܛܐ ‎|-.-.-ῤο‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܘܗܽܘ.
ܒܓܢܣܗ ܕܝܢ ܩܦܘܕܩܝܐ. ܘܒܚܕ ܡܢ ܝܘܡ̈ܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܥܝܕܐ ܠܡܣܟܢܐ
ܗܽܘ܂. ܢܦܸܩ ܠܒܪ ܡܢ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎RS‏ ܣܝ̈ܓܐ ܕܓܢ̈ܐ:. ܕܒܩܝܬܪܐ ܕܐܝ̈ܠܢܐ ‎Lo‏
‎fan] ο. μιολ5‏ 9 ܒܪܚܐ ܪ̈ܐ ‎où‏ ܢܪܗܝܘܗܝ܂. ܘܢܦܘܩ ܒܬܪܗ ܒܟܝܣܝܶ܂
ܟܕ ܡܢ ܩܒܘܠ ‎E»‏ ܗܘܐ. ܨܚܙܝܗܝ ܟܕ ‎Jis es »ο‏ ܘܦܫ̈ܝܛܢ ܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ‎αὶ.‏
‎jac] J.2: Joke ms «99ο‏ ܥܠ ܦܪܨܘܘ:ܘ. ܘܒܪܩ ‎Jon‏ ܐܝܟ ܒܪܩܐ

1. Wrilten again and erased.

having seen that he was uncovered and sore bested, we bought him a tunic
and a eloak, and sent them by that man, begging him to put tliem on and
warm himself during the winter. But he on seeing them turned his face
away, and showed displeasure against him, saying, « Go your way, man,
wherefore do you worry me the poor mau? » The man who was seut by us
answered him, « The abbot (2252:) out of charity and because of tlie hardness
of the winter bought them and sent them to you ». Ile on his side says to
him ` « Go say to the abbot (26622, Send things that last, and do uot try to
concern yourself about stripping naked lest you be stripped naked! ». Aud
so he would not consent to accept them. And from that time the man who
was with us began to mark times and observe liim, because he too was au
earnest and zealous man, and bv his birth (γένος) a Cappadoeian. And one
day, as was that poor man's custom, he went secretly outside the city to some
enelosed garden-land hidden by trees and reeds to prav; insomucli that
that gentleman observed him, and secretly went out after him, standing
acing him; and he saw him standing in prayer with his hands stretched out
to heaven, and suddenly an awe-inspiriug spectaele that was laid upon his

face (προσωπον), and flashed like lightning, and rays of fire were procceding

|. The meaning perh. is tiat whoever wears earthly clothes will eventually bs teft. naked through
Iheir wearing out. V. D. and L'.s ‘eurare nudatum' is nol in the 3yr.

«
