` 1331 b

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [564]‏ 218
ܠܘܬܗ ܕܢܣܓܘܕ ܠܗ ܘܢܬܒܪܟ ܡܢܗ. ܫܐܠ ܠܢ ܟܕ ‎εδ]‏ ܕܡܢ ‎Jal‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ
‎is‏ ܚܢܢ ܕܝܢ ‎cunas‏ ܠܘܬܗ ܟܕ ܐܡܪܝܢܢ.. ܕܡܢ ܐܬܪܐ ܐܝܬܝܢ ܡܪܝ ‎Joly‏
‏ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܫܡܐ ;| | ‎ssas‏ ܗܘܐ ܗܼܘ܂. ܬܘܗ ‎Ja sas lo‏ ܚܢܝܔܐܝܬ. ܘܟܕ ‎μμ)‏
‏ܣܓܝܐܐ! ° ܒܒܟܝܐ ܡܬܥܙܙ ܗܘܐ ܣܒܐ ‎où‏ ܘܒܚ̈ܝܢܓܬܐ܂ ܐܡܼܪ. ܕܐܢ ܠܡ ‎Nas‏
‏ܐܢܐ ܠܟܘܢ ‎va‏ ܒܒܝܬ ‎Ja‏ ܡܕܡ ܝܕܥܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ.. ܚܢܢ ܕܝܢ ‎κα καθ‏ ܠܘܬܗ..
ܕܦܩܘܕ 2130 ‎Sao‏ ܘܡܕܡ ‎xe)‏ ܚܢܢܼ ܐܡܿܪܝܢܢ. ‎οοι‏ ܕܝܢ ܣܝܒܐ ܥܠܘܗܝ
‎αν‏ ܐܡܿܪ. ܕܐܸܢ ܐܝܬ ܕܝܪܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ ‎Mas)‏ ܡܪܝ
ܝܘܚܢܢ ܡܢ ܓܪܒܫܐ ܠܐܡܕ ܥܠ ܓܢܒ ܫܘܪܐ ܘܐܬܒܝܼܢܝܬ. ܘܐܡܪܢܢ° ܠܗ ܐܝܢ ܡܪܝ.
‎SUN. le Luis‏ ܘܐܦ ܡܢܗ̇ ܐܝܬܝܢ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܗܕܐ ܫܡܼܥ ܛܘܒܢܐ. ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܣܘܼܚ
ܠܩܘܒܠܝܢ.. ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎goal) Las: BUS‏ ܣܓܝ ܚܢܝܓܐܝܬ. ܟܕ ‎οδοί‏ ܕܐܢܐ
ܠܬܡ ܒ̈ܢܝ ܥܡܽܘܪܐ ܐܝܬܝ ܗܘܝܬ ܕܕܝܪܐ ‎e!‏ ܡܢ ܝܘ̈ܡܝ ܡܪܝ ܐܒܪܗܡ ܪܒܐ܂ ‎où‏
‏ܕܗܘܼܐ ܐܦܚܣܩܘܦܐ.. ܟܕ ܛܠܝܐ ܐܝܬܝ ܗܘܝܬ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎dk) Loa‏ ܗܘܬ
ܕܐܪ̈ܒܥܡܐܐ ܓܒܪ̈ܝܢ. ܘܟܕ ܠܝܡ ‎JL]‏ ܩܘܕ ‎spell‏ ܥܼܪܩܢܢ ‎so‏ ܟܠܢ ܥܡܪܢܢ

‎1. Ms. pl. — 3. Ms. ‏ܐܡܪܝܢ‎

‎sce from age. But, when we approached him to make obeisance to him
and receive liis blessing, he asked us saying, « Whence are you, my sons? »
And we on our side answered him, saying, « We are, sir, from the district
of Amida ». When he on his side heard the name of Amida, he was struck
dumb and shed copious tears with sobs. And, when that old man had been
violently weeping and sobbing for a long time, he said : « If I ask you, my
sons, do you know anything in the territory of Amida? », and we answered
him, « Be so good as to ask, sir; and what we know we will say ». But
ihe old man asked us about this our own convent, saying, « Is there a
monastery called that of the house of Mar John on the north of the eity by
the side of the wall and has it been built?» And we said to him « Yes, sir.
It has been built and it exists, and it is in fact from it that we come ».
When the blessed man heard this, he yearned tlie more toward us, while he
also betook himself to showing emotion by weeping with many sobs, saying,
« 1, my sons, was an inmate of that monastery, from the days ol Mar Abraham
ihe great who became a bishop, when 1 was a boy, when the numbers also
amounted to four hundred men. And, when Kawad came to Amida, we fled
and we all went inside and took up our abode in the school (σχολή) called
