[539] LIVES OF JOIIN AND SOSIANA. 193

ܕܡ̈ܝܐ܂. ‎Aus}‏ ܬܠܬܐ ‏ ܛܠܝܝܗܿܐ 159,80 ‎Mois ss‏ ܕܝܠܢ. ܟܕ ‎Lisoaso‏ ܘܡܬܟܫܦܐ ..
ܕܗܠܝܢ ܠܡ ܟܘܠܗܘܢ ‎aas.‏ ܒܡܘܢܚܬܐ ‎wet «I‏ ܐܢܬ ‎or‏
‎Le", «92.2130‏ ܫܦܝܕ̈ܐ ‎ος‏ ܘܢܗܘܘܢ ‎fois‏ ܘܬܠܥ̈ܫܬ|.. ܘܢ)ܿܬܦܠܓܘܢ
‎Isto LS 87S‏ ܗܥܝܢ ܕܝܕܪܥܝܢ ‎Ahi]‏ ܡܛܠ ‎B. Jaen‏ ܠܡܪܝܐ ܐܠܗܐ.
‎κὰν‏ ܗܟܝܠ ܟܕ ‎Aue κος καλοὶ Le‏ ܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ. ܟܕ ܡܬ ܝܚܫܟܝܢ ‎xu‏
‏ܒܢܦܫܢ.. ܕܠܐ ܗܘܼܬ ܟܐܢܐ ܨܒܘܬܐ ܕܢܦܣܘܩ ‎LES‏ ܕܠܘ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܠܝܛܪܐ ‎Lom‏ ܛܒ
ܗܘܐ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ. ܐܠܐ ܡܠܘܢ ‎qeu);‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܒܣܤܓܝ ܕܡ̈ܝܐ܂. ܘܢܬܝܗܒ̄ܘܢ
ܠܡ̈ܣܟܢܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ° ܒܚܘܫܒܐ ܗܢܐ ܠܘܬܗܿ ܕܐܢܬܬܐ ܡܝܬܪܬܐ ‎I‏ ܐܝܟ ܡܿܢ
‎Los‏ ܗܕܐ ܢܡܠܟܝܗܿ. ‎oo‏ ܕܝܢ ܡܝܬܪܬܐ܂ ܢܦܠܕܬ ܥܠ ‎exe|‏ ܟܕ ‎Je]‏ ܕܡܪܝ
ܡܛܠ ܕܗܟܢܐ ‎Li‏ ܩܕܡ ܐܠܗܐ: ܕܟܠܗܘܢ ܡ̈ܙܳܢܐ ܡܝܬܪ̈ܐ ܕܝܠܝ ‎bass uso‏
ܓܒܪܝ: ܢܗܘܘܢ ‎are‏ ܘܬܠܒܫ̈ܬܐ: ܘܢܢܦܼܠܘܢ ܒܗܘܢ ܨ“ܠܝܒܐ ܘܓܘ̈ܢܘܬܐ ܕܡܕܗܒܝܢ:
‎(a See‏ ܠܡܕ̈ܒܚܐ ܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ: ܥܡ ܟܘܠܗ ‎οἱ‏ ܕܝܗܼܒ ܠܢ ܐܠܗܐ..
ܡܛܠ ܚܘܒܗ ܕܡܫܝܚܐ ܕܪܚܝܡܼܬ ‎où‏ ܗܘܼܝ ܠܝ ܡܥܕܪܢܐ܂. ‎ao‏ ܘܐܦ ܗܕܐ

1. Ms. ot.

the other clothes of high price, and sent them to our meanness', adjuring
and beseeching us, « Let all these be cut into such sizes as you think fit,
sir, and let handsome crosses and corners (γωνία) be put upon them, and
let them be made into cloths and veils, and distributed among the holy
altars as you shall decide, because 1 made this vow to the Lord God. »
We then on seeing these things marvelled greatly, thinking in ourselves,
« The thing would not be right that we should cut up articles of clothing
each of which is well worth more than a pound (λίτρα) of gold ?, but rather
(μᾶλλον) that these should be sold for a great price, and given to the
poor?». And so with this thought in our mind we went to the excellent
woman herself, in order to give her this advice. But the excellent woman
fell upon her face, saying, « Sir, since 1 made this vow before God, that
all the fine clothes belongiug to myself and to my husband whose soul
is at rest should be made into eloths and veils, and crosses and gilded
corners (γωνία) should be put upon them, and they should be distributed
among the holy altars of God, together with all the silver which God
gave us, for tlie sake of tlie love of God whom 1 have loved be my helper,

1. IL is. elear from 1his lhal S. was living in CP., and we may therefore infer 11101 C. lived there

also, and (hat Severus made her acquaintance during his residence there in 508-11. — ?. Circ. £ ἢ
= fr. 1135, — 3, Mallh,, xxvi, 9.

* 126 1* a.
