[557] HISTORY OF THE CONVENT OF JOHN URTAYA. 211

ܗܕܐ. ܐܠܐ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܠܡ , ܡܢ ܡܥܒܕܢܘܬܐ ‎JA ado‏ ܡܬܚܪܝܢ ° ‎ooo‏ ܠܩܘܒܠܗ.
ܗܟܢܐ ܕܡܢ ܒܬܪܟܢ ܐ ܕܩܬܐ ܥܡ ‎us où so‏ ܕܪܘܓܙܐ ‎ον ον στου‏
ܡܢ ‎Mais‏ ܘܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܗ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ܂. ‎Jil‏ ܘܐܦ ܡܝܢ ܡܥܡܪܐ ܕܒܪܗ. ܟܕ ‎«ms‏ ܥܠ
ܢܦܢܗ ܒܡܡܘܡܬܐ| ܩܫ̈ܝܬ|.. ܕܠܐ ܢܥܡܪ ‎los‏ ܬܘܒ .. ܘܠܐ ‎ax.‏ ܒܝܫ̈ܘܡܝ ‎eo.‏
‏ܥܕܡܐ ‎Lin‏ ܡܝܢ ܕܝܠܗ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܙܚܝܼܦܩ ܡܢܗ. ܘܥܠ܂ ܘܡܪ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܫܠܝܐܝܬ܂
ܘܢܟܦܐܝܬ ܒܒܝܬܗ. ܟܕ ܒܬܪ ‎μ5,‏ ܠܡ ‎uso‏ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܥܘ ܘܒܝܿܟܐ ‎Net‏
‏ܥܠ ‎SSI‏ ܡܢ ܒܝܕܫܐ ‎je‏ ܡܝܢ ܡܥܡܪܐ ܕܥܘܡܪܗ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ‎aa‏
‏ܗܘܐ ܒܚ ܪܬ ‎Mo‏ ܘܡܕܚܩ ܗܘܐ ܒܗ ܟܕ ܡܦܝܣܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ ‎jM:‏ ܬܡܝܢ..
ܘܠܐ ܡܬܛܦܝܣ ܗܘܐ ܕܡܝܢ ܥܘܡܪܐ ܣܟ ܠܓܡܪ ‎Xe‏ ܗܘܐ. ܐܠܐ ܒܚܪܬܐ ܠܡ
ܥܒܕ ܗܘܐ ܟܠܗ ܬܘܩܢܐ ܕܛܥܘܡܗ ܒܒܝܬܗ: ܘܥܕܡܐ 532[ ܩܕܲܝܕ̈ܐ ܘܦܚ̈ܝܝܢܐ ܘܝܕ̈ܩܘܢܐ..
ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎«asso‏ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ‎DSC os‏ ܒܕܝܪܐ. ܟܕ ܡܬܬܢܚ ܗܘܐ ܟܘܠ ‎ese,‏
‏ܚܚ̈ܘܗܝ܆. ܕܗܟܢܐ ‎λα‏ ܡܢ ܚܫܐ. ° ܩܡ ܕܝܢ ܡܝܢ ‎hs‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܚܠܝܨܐ
‎ol. NS o‏ ܕܝܠܗ ‎Jan.‏ ܐܒܪܗܡ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ. ܗܢܐ ܕܡܝܢ ‎Lias‏ ܕܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܗ:.
‎v‏ ܡܬܢܕܚ ܘܡܬܓܒܪ ܘܡܢܝܬܡܗ ܪܘܪܳܒܐܝܬ ܘܬܩܫܦܐܝܬ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎os‏

1. Ms, ‏.ܒܗ‎

side could not abandon such a suspicion, but (tlie informants stated) by the
operation of Satan contended the more against him, so that afterwards (they
stated) he himself also besides was instigated by the impetuosity of anger,
and gave up not only the headship and the government of the convent, but
even residence in it as well, having bound himself by stern oaths not to
reside in it longer, nor taste even water that belonged to it as long as he
lived. And so he left it, and went into the city and lived there in retreat
and devoutness in his house; while after a time (they stated) he used to sigh
and distress himself and weep with sobs, because he had been overreached
hy the evil one and robbed of residence in his convent; insomuch that at
last he would go out and visit it and look into it while they begged him to
take food in it, and he would not consent to taste anything whatever [rom
the convent; but at last (they stated) he used to make all the provision for
his meals at home, even to cold and hot water and herbs, aud so he would
bring it out from his house and cat it in the monastery, while he sighed all
the days of his life that he had been thus overcome by passion. And his
successor was a brave and valiant blessed man, whose own name also was
Abraham, wlio from the beginning of his government began to win distinc-
tion and show prowess and gain renown on a great and extensive scale,

* 131 r* ἃ

* 131 r* b.
