[563] HISTORY OF THE CONVENT OF JOIN URTAYA. 217

ܒܨܕܦܪܐ. ܡܛܠ ‎sh‏ ܒܙܒܢ ܠܡ ܪܥܫܘܬܗܘܢ܂ ܐܟܚܕܐ ܪ̈ܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎bal Ju"‏
ܕܟܕ ܥܡ ܡܦܨܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܥܡ ܚ̈ܕܕܐ ܐܡܪܝܢ ܗܘܘܢ. ‎ΜΟΥ‏ ܠܢ ܐܢ ܬܒܬܥ ܠܢ ܐܠܗܐ
‎Lau‏ ܕܐܒܝܠ ‎[ise MM‏ ܠܡ ‎FESSES [So‏ ܬܙ̈ܝܝܗܘܢ ܡܬܢܨܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ
ܒܕܘܒܕ̈ܐ ‎Lsios‏ + ܥܡ ‎[ots‏ ܕܟܘܠܗܘܢ ܥܘܡܪ̈ܐ ܐܚܝ̈ܗܘܢ. ܒܫܘܡܬܗ ܗܟܝܠ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ
ܐܒܪܗܡ ° ܪܥܝܐ. ܐܬܐ ܩܘܕ ܡܠܟܐ ܕܦܪ̈ܣܝܐ ܥܠ ܐܸܡܿܕ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ܂. ܒܫܢܬ ܬܡܢܡܐܐ
ܘܬܐܠܬܥܣܕܐ. ܘܟܒܫܗܿ܂ ܘܫܒܗܿ. ܟܕ ‎olo‏ ܠܕܝܪܐ ܥܧܝܪܗܿ.. ‎asso là mitoo‏
ܘܡܕܪܗ̇ ‎[ss‏ . ܒܟܘܕܢܬܐ ܕܐܩܕܚܡ ܗܘܐ ܠܘܩܒܠ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ. ܥܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܣܒܐ
ܚܕ ܚܩܝܪ ܣܝܒ̈ܬܐ ‎(SA‏ ܕܟܕ݀ ܒܙܒܢ ‎ges‏ ܟܝܢ ܠܡܥܠ ܠܡܕܒܪܐ
‎v2] exp‏ ܗܘܝܢ ܒܐܬܪܐ ܕܦܠ ܢ ܣܛ ܚܢܐ ‎ecc‏ ܡܢ ܐܘܪܫܠܝܡ.. ܒܕܝܪܐ
ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ܂ ܕܡܪܝ ܬܐܘܡܐ ܕܒܚܬ ܓܘܒܪܝܢ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܕ ܡܪܕܝܬܐܢ ܠܘܩܕܡ ܠܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ
ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܒܛܢܝ̣ܢܐ ܬܪܨܢ: ܘܐܬܡܿܢܥܢ ܚܢܢ ܠܗ ܠܥܘܡܪܐ ‎Lot‏ + ܐܫܟܚܢܝܗܝ ܠܣܒܐ
‎où‏ ܝܩܝܪܐ ‎ΟΝ ΩΣ‏ ܟܕ ܐܦ ! ܡܕܐ ‎Jn "μοι‏ ܡܢ ‎Has nc‏ ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܩܪܒܢ

I. Ms, ‏:ܗܡܝ‎ — 2. Ms, ‏ܣ‎ — 3. In smaller letters in erasure.

when they were shepherds also they used to feed the flocks together, so that
(the informant stated) jesting with one another they would say, « Woe to
us if God requires from us the stolen sheep that we have eaten ». And so
(it was stated) the two heroic old men distinguished themselves by great
modes of life, together with all the other convents their brethren. In the
days of the blessed Abraham the shepherd therefore Kawad king of the
Persians came against the city of Amida in the year eight hundred and
thirteen '; and he took it? and carried off captives from it, while he also
razed the monastery too to the ground, aud piled its wood and its stones
and its clay on to the ‘mule’? which he had set up against the city. The
story of these events lwas related to us* by an old man with venerable
white hair whom * once when we had set out to wo into the desert of Egypt
we found in the country of Palestine beyond Jerusalem in a monastery called
that of Mar Thomas at Beth Gubrin?, so that, when we had first zealously
directed our course to the city of Alexandria, and had arrived at this cou-
vent*, we found that venerable old man sitting, thougli he was unable to

[. 5012. It was really in 81% (502/3); see ‘Josh. 8191.°, xnIx, l.,— 2. Zach. th. (vit, 4° says
(hat it was taken through the drinkenness and earelessness of the monks of this nionastery, aud by
the remark that the archimandrite was a Persian he seems [0 suggest treachery. Cf. *Josh.', LIT. --
3. A mound on which the besiegers stood in order to be level with 1110 top of the wall. Kee ‘Zaeh.’,
vu, 3, and ‘Josh, ΙΧ. — 4. Ms. om. — 5. Elentheropolis, Arab. Bai! Gibrin. — 6. 1 understand this

‘to mean thal he visited the convent on his return, but the senlence is very ambiguous.
came from Amida. his 1* visil in 534 is intended.

Since he

ܐ 133 *

a.
