198 JOUX OF EPHESES. ελ
‏ܠܐ ܠܟܣ ܬܕܪܝܐ‎ uso ‏ܘܕ̈ܒܥܫ݀ܗܘܢ܆. ܘܡܟܝܟܘܬܗܘܢ ܘܡ ܘܬܡܥܢܘܬܗܘܢ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܒܙܒܢܐ‎
‏ܡܝܢ ܕܡܿܡܦܣܝܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ ܒܗܘܢ: ܘܬܘܒ‎ y ‏ܡܛܠܬܗܘܢ ܕܛܦ̈ܒܬܐ.‎ où ‏ܠܥܘܡܪܐ‎
‏ܪܒܬܐ ܗܘܼܬ ܠܐܗܘܢ..‎ Mons ‏ܕܕܘܒܙ̈ܝܗܘܢ.. ܥܘܬܗܘܢ ܡܿܢܠܢ ܙܗܘܝܢ. ܟܕ‎ χα ‏ܡܛܠ‎
‎Vaso ‏ܟܕ‎ .JAosf so, Je» Joiso ‏ܕܚܘ̈ܫܒܐ‎ βίο ‏ܗܘܘ ܥܡܢ ܥܠ‎ «4203350
‏ܬܡܢܙܥܣܪܐ ܒܕܘܒܪ̈ܐ ܪ̈ܘܚܢܫܐ܂. ܠܛܘܒܢܐ ܦܬܛܪܐ ܐܚܐ‎ Lis ‏ܡܠܫܘ ܒܕܝܪܐ 29 ܐܝܟ‎
Πο πο «ador ‏ܕܪܥܠܘܡܒܚܘܬܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܼܦ‎ Lans oi ‏ܘܚܬܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܘ‎
‏ܢܐܠܦܘܢ ܗܘܘ . ܘ݀ܥܕܢܐ‎ ους ο ‏ܗܘܘܼ ܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ. ܐܝܟܢܐ‎ Qi
‏ܕܕ“ܠܘܬܐ ܘܕܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܒܕܝܪܐ ܕܚܒ̈ܝܫܐ ܡܿܡܫܡܠܝܢ ܗܘܘ . ܟܕ ܐܦ ܠܙܡܘܪܢܐ'‎
‏ܕܐܟܣܢܫܘܬܐܼ ܬܪܨܘ܂. ܘܐܡܢ ܡܝܟܝܠ ܒܕܚܠܝܬ ܐܠܗܐ‎ Lis ‏ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ° ܡܛܠ‎
‏ܒܗܘܢ‎ loo ‏ܗܘܘ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܠܗܿ ܡܕܝܙܬܐ ܗܝ ܬܬܬܡܗ‎ Le ‏ܘܢܟܦܘܬܐ ܘܢܩܕܘܬܐ܂‎
‏ܦܛܛܪܐ..‎ Lans ‏ܠܗ‎ ς--ᾱ- ‏ܟܬܐ ܐܒܫܢ ܗܘܘ ܘܫܚ‎ NS 201 NC ‏ܘܒܕܘܒܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ.‎
‏ܡܢ‎ «ass κο ο εν JLsaso ‏ܘܙܥܩܥܘܪ ܐܢܘܢ‎ Joa fils
‏ܦܓܪܢܝܬܐ.. ܐܠܐ‎ Hour) ‏ܛܘܒܢܐ ܠܡܣܥܪ. ܠܘ ܡܛܠ‎ DM ‏ܚܕ̈ܕܐ. ܗܳܝ܂ ܕܐܦ‎

1. Corr. from bets. — 2, Ms, ‏.ܗܢܘܢ‎ .

tears, and their humilitv and obedience; so that at the time when we came
to Alexandria! we went to that convent to sec them for the sake of tlie bles-
sed men themselves, inasmuch as we were acquainted with. them, and
moreover on account of the report of their inauner of life, when they felt. great
joy, and would diseuss with us fights against thoughts and the other works
of excellence. — When then thev had completed about eighteen years in that
monaslery iu spiritual practices, the blessed Peter had? a brother and a sister
wearing the lay garhi ‘5y%ux), as they too were living a great life in practices
of exeellence, so that they and their slaves used to learn the psalms, and kept
hours of pravers and service as in a monastery of recluses, while they also
directed their steps to the citv of Smvrna for the sake of the quietude of a
strange land, and there thenceforth they lived a. religious, devout, pure life,
so Ihat all that city used to marvel at them and at their practices. Ther
therefore used to write and worry the blessed Peter to come and visit them
and encourage them, and let them be consoled and comforted by one another,
which the blessed man was also eonstrained to do, not for the sake of bodily

1. This nmst have been on his 2% visit lo Egypl (541), for lie had known lheni before, which musl
have been in CP. (p. 539, n. 1), where he had never been till after his visit to Egypt in 531. Further,
since They were in GP. in 235 and left it before Caesaria, his visit lo Cesu in Egypl inst also. liave
heeg in 541; see p. 532, n. ἅν το 2, sje syr. Cf. p. 397, 1 15.
