t2
‏ܫܡ‎

[567] HISTORY OF THE CONVENT OF JOHN URTAYA.
‏ܟܠܗܼ‎ + Lilse ‏ܒܝܬ ܣܙܗ̈ܕܐ ܕܒܝܬ ܩܝܘܪܐ‎ elo. slo Las] onse Juan ENT
‏ܘܥܠ ܡܢܗ. ܘܥܕܟܝܠ‎ —— rail ‏ܠܥܕܬܐ ܘܠܡܒܕܝܢܬܐ‎ vol Slo ‏ܐܬܒܝܢܥܚ.‎ oo
JR 3o ‏ܒܨܝܪܐܝܬ.‎ Jue ‏ܥܘܡܪܐ‎ où ‏ܩܬܝܕܡ ܡܬܒܬܢܗ. ܗܦܕܟ ܕܝܢ ܐܬܒܕܙܫ‎
Hes jM owe Les sh où ‏ܘܒܡܢܚܢܐ ܕܐܚܘܬܐ. ܛܘܒܢܐ ܕܚܢ ܐܒܪܗܡ‎
‏ܕܕܘܒܙ̈ܘܗܝ܂. ܘܡܝܬ ܒܣܒܘܬܐ ܛܒܬܐ. ܘܩܡ ܡܢ ܒܬܪܗ ܥܠ ܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ..‎
‏ܘܒܟܠܝܼܝܐ‎ neo ‏ܗܼܘܐ.‎ Lans ‏ܡܕܒܪܢܐ ܘܪܝܫܐ‎ oot ‏ܩܘܣܡܡܐܿ. ܗܢܐ ܕܐܦ‎ [1324
S2s ‏ܟܠܗ ܙܒܢܐ ܕܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܕܒܝܬ ܐܢܣܛܣ. ܘܗܟܢܐ‎ Le ‏ܝܘܡ̈ܬܗ܂ ܟܕ‎ 9)
‏ܒܥܘܡܪܗܼ ܒܫܠܡܐ. ܩܡ ܕܝܢ ܡܝܢ ܒܬܪܗ ܥܠ ܪܝܫܢܘܬܗ ܘܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܗ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ..‎
‏ܗܢܐ ܕܒܓܢܣܗܼ ܡܢ ܓܕܪܐ ܩܪܝܬܐ ܕܒܓܪܒܝܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ. ܗܢܐ‎ ena po ‏ܛܘܒܬܐ‎
‏ܠܝܡ ܫܝܪܟܐ‎ Loos amas ‏ܗܼܘ ܩܕܡܝܐ‎ Je ‏ܩܕܡܝܐ ܕܩܡ ܥܠ‎ ΕΝ
‏ܕܪܕܝܦܘܬܐ܂. ܘܒܟܠܗܘܢ ܥܡ̈ܠܐ ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ. ܘܐܦ‎ μὰς 15. ‏ܕܟܠܗܘܢ ܥܘܡܕ̈ܵܐ܂. ܘܐܬ݀ܢܕܚ‎

1. Ms. ‏ܐܗ‎ eas.

portion of the monastery was quarried and built from it; and the whole of
the martyrs’ chapel dedicated to Kyra Maria was also built from it, and
further much was also quarried and brought in from it for the church and
the city. »' And its kiln is still standing. But this convent was rebuilt on
a smaller scale, both in buildings and in the number of the brotherhood,
But the blessed Abraham, who was also called ‘the shepherd', ended tlie
course of his practices, and ‘died in a good old age’*. And to succeed liim
in the government of tlie convent the blessed Cosmas was appointed, who
also showed himself an excellent governor and head; and he governed
during his days in tranquillity and quiet, having lived the whole of the time
of the reign of Anastasius?; and so he fell asleep in his convent in peace".
And to succeed him in the headship and government of the convent the
blessed Sergius was appointed, who hy his birth (γένος) came from the village
of Gadara which was in the north; who in the first persecution that arose
against the chureh® was the first to go out in banishment with all the rest
of the convents, and gained distinction in the confliets (ἀγών) of persecution,

1. ‏ܬ{‎ is nol elear where Paul's words end. The statement about tlie kiln is elearly Js, and perh.

the whole story of the completiou of the rebuilding is his, for P. probably left Amida at the time of

ιο siege. Perth. J. with his usual carelesness has forgotten thai he ix reporling P.s words, — 2, 1

Chr., XXIX, 98. — 3. 491-518. He cannot have become archimandrite before 50%, and the meaning can
therefore only be that he survived Anastasius, — 4. ‘Zach. Rh.' viti, 5. erroneously names C. among

the banished archimandrites. — 5. 521; see Introd., p. Iv.

* 134 b.
