‎LIFE OF PRISCUSs. 10:01‏ 529
ܙܪܩ ܠܟ. 1 ܘܟܕ ܡܘܡܐ ܠܗ ܒܐܠܗܐ ‎LaL,‏ ܡܬ ܟܫܦ ܗܘܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܕܢܘܕܥܗ ܕܡܚܢܝܐ
‎Look ᾗ‏ ܘܬܒܥܗ ܐܦ ‎oo‏ ܠܗ ܡܘ̈ܡܬܐ.. ‎οἱ JL Jf] Lio‏ ܘܕܥ
ܥܠܘܗܝ. 90 ‎AM)‏ | ܕܒܠܚܘܕ ܡܢ ‎Li Jal Jp ! Jens] EI‏ ܕܝܢ

‏ܣܟ ‎JI‏ ܡܘܕܥ ܐܢܐ. ܗܺܝ ܕܝܢ ‎us‏ ܠܘܬܗ ܟܙ ‎où [senso‏ ܘܐܡܿܪ. ‎Nes,‏ ܣܓܺܝܐܬܐ

‏ܠܐ ܬܬܒܥ ܘܠܐ ܬܥܩܒ ܥܡܝ. ‎sium‏ ܠܟ ܕܝܢ' ܕܬܕܥ܂ ܕܐܟܣܢܝܐ ܘܡܣܟܢܐ ܐܝܬܝ.
ܘܥܠ ܣܒܪܐ ‎uuu‏ ܕܠܥܠܡ ܥܡܠ ‎p] Nue μι‏ ܒܐ ܟܣ ܢ ܚܝܘܬܐ:܆.
ܘܒܡܣܟܢܘܬܐ ܗܕܐ ‎JE Jos‏ ܐܢܬ ‎Nh‏ ܘܠܘ ܐܢܐ ܒܠܚ ܘܕܝ.. ܐܠܐ ܫܒܥܐ ܚܝܢܢ
‎ο‏ ܕܒܗܢܐ ‎fon)‏ ܟܣܚܐܝܬ ܥܡܿܠܝܢ ‎be‏ ܘܝܕܐ ܙܒܢ ܒܫܒܬܐ ܟܠܗ̇ ܠܘܬ ‎he‏
‏ܡܬܘܠܕܝܝܢ ܚܝܢܢ ܒܚܝܕܐ ܕܘܟܬܐ̇. ܘܡܬܒܐܝܝܢ ܚܕ ‎re XM‏ ܘܡܬܬܠܟܒܟܝܢ ‎cie‏
‎xb Rats Sos‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܟܠ ܚܕ ܡܢܢ ‎Lis‏ ܠܕܘܟܬܗܼ ܘܠܦܘܠܚܝܢܗ. ܗܐ ܐܘܕܥܬܟ.
ܚܙܝ ܠܐ ܬܗܘܐ ܠܫ ܥܠܕܬܐ ‎Sui,‏ ܡܢ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎Ls C Je‏ ܐܝܬ ܠܝ
‎ès‏ ܘܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ‎μὲ cus Lars) 2à‏ ܡܢܗܘܢ:. ‎Άλλο‏ ܐܢܫ ܕܡܡܠܠ ܥܡܚ
ܘܠܐ ‎aus‏ ܠܝ. ܘܠܐܒܣ ‎unas]‏ ܕܐܦܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܡܬܝ̈ܕܥܢ ‎où‏ ܗܟܢܐ ‎aia)‏
‏ܘܠܐ ‎claw Ja.‏ ܪܘܝܚܠܦܐ ܘܒܕܡ. ܟܕ ‎vao xe!‏ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܬܢܝ ܠܝ ܓܒܪܐ ܗܽܘ

‎l. In erasure.

‎heseeching him to iuform him what he was. And he also required oathis from
hin that he would not make anv diselosure or give any iuformalion Lo inen
about hum. Aud he on his sie sai : « Only [roin the abbot (25527) | eannol
eonceal it; but to. others TE will give no information whatever. » Then he
answered him, adjuring hii aud saving : « Do not make demands or
inquiries of me about many things; it is enough lor vou to Know that Lam a
stranger and ἃ poor man, aud [ου the sake of the hope of mv eternal life | 1
enduring labours and buffetings in strange lauds, and in this poverty in which
vou now see me; aud uot [ onlv, but we are seven brethren who are secretly
labouring in this fashion, and ouce in the whole week we inoet togetlier in one
place, and receive consolation in one another s eompany, iud. comfort. aud
edifieation ; and thus each of us returns Lo his place and to his employment.
1 have given vou the information ; see that vou do uot tiake yoursell he cause
ol my moving from this city, in whieh ] have much peacefnlness. and especi-
ally the fact tiat. Eon reckoned 08 161 by them, aud tliere is no one who
speaks with me or who worries me. And beg the abbot 3 that, though
these things are known to him, he will leave me as Fam. and not show any dif-
lerenee toward me.» "Phe mau who was witli ime having repeated all these
PATH. Oh, — ‏.ܐ‎ XIX. — EF. 2. 10

‎"ndr

‎-

‎12e r
