* 425 νο h.

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [538]‏ 192
ܗܘܐ ܝܘܚܢܢ: ܟܕ ‎Ris‏ ܬܠܬܝܢ ‎enc.‏ ܥܡ ܚܕ̈ܕܐ: ‎lo‏ ܕܡܬܐܡܪܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܘܠܗܝܢ
‎Jan, Qu [ais‏ ܟܕ ‎JI‏ ܠܓܡܪ ܡܫܬܘܬܦܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܦܓܪܢܐܝܬ ܥܡ ‎μι: je‏
ܟܕ ‎οῦν‏ ܒܢܥܟܦܘܬܐ ܘܒܙܗܝܘܬܐ ‎-.Jlas.,a=o‏ ܘܒܥܢܝܢܐ ‎:JAa no [soon‏ ܘܒܘܪܟܐ
ܘܬܫܡܫܬܐ ‎Jiorso‏ ܕܠܝ̈ܠܘܬܐ: ܟܕ ‎Jos‏ ܕܣܥܪ̈ܐ ܪܡ̣ܡܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗܘܢ ܠܟܠ ܚܕ
ܡܢܗܘܢ ܒܚܙ ‎ΝᾺ‏ - ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܬܚܐ ‎orsa,‏ ܕܠܠܝܐ ܡܦܩܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܟܕ ܒܪܝܟܝܢ
‎«rao‏ ܥܠ ‎Jas s CERES oax9]|‏ ܘܓܥܬܐ ܚܝܠܬܢܝܬܐ ܕܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ. ܟܕ
ܗܕܐ ‎Jas‏ ܐܐ ܐܬܝܕܥܬ. ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܝܘܚܢܢ ܗܢܐ ܡܝܬܪܐ 9 ܡܝܢ ܥܠܡܐ
ܒܤܗܕܘܬܐ ܗܕܐ ܪܒܬܐ: ܘܬܘܒ ‎Ld "Lem ele‏ 0 ܠܥܠ ܐܬܥܗܕܢܢ
‎Kaas‏ ܠܡܕܒܪܐ: ܗܿܢܘ ܕܝܢ ܠܘܩܕܡ ܠܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ. .ܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܕܐ ܡܝܬܪܬܐ
ܣܘܣܝܢܐ: ܟܠܗܘܢ ‎μ᾽‏ ܡܫ̈ܒܚܐ ܕܓܒܪܗܿ. ܟܠܢ̈ܝܕܝܐ ‎aan JAN aos‏
ܘܡܝܛܟܣܐ ܝܩܝܪ̈ܝ ‎ibo‏ ܥܡ ‎33a dM a.so μᾶς‏ ? ܘܫܪܟܐ ‎d$‏ ܣܓܺܝ ܐܝ

‎. Ms. ‏ܕܕܠܝܣܪܝܦܘܢ‎ — 2. Ms. 135305520 LE

‎the world, whose name was John', after they had lived together ‏ܨ‎
‎years, and as is said lived all these years in purity, never holding carnal
intercourse with one another, but living in devoutness and honour and
holiness, occupying themselves in fasting and prayer, and genuflexion and
recitation of service and watehing by night, while hair-mats were laid down
for them each apart, and in this way they passed ihe whole length of tlie
night-hours, kneeling and lying on their faces, and wecping in prayer and
mighty crying to God, without this becoming known to many. When then
this excellent John departed from the world, bearing this great testinony,
and morcover Caesaria the patrician also as well whom we mentioned above
had gone out to the desert, i. e. first to Alexandria”, this excellent blessed
woman Sosiaua therefore laded three of her slaves with all her husband's
splendid clothes, great cloaks (γλαινίδικ) of pure silk (ὁλοσηρικόν) and valuable
raw silk garments (µέταξα). with leolours and pictures (πιχτοῦρα) ἢ, and

‎l. Tlie sentence is left unfinished, and he sense compteted in another form. -- 2. This is nol
inconsistent with ch. 5%. C. did not go to live a hermil life in the inner desert, but left Alexandria
and lived in her convent in 1116 desert. Since S. sent the things for the ehurehes and monasleries
founded by J., i. e. during his mission to Asia (ch. 47), which did not begin 1111 552 (see Introd., p. v),
ους honsehold was appy. broken np nol long before tliat time; see p. 532, n. 4. — 3. Ko I read with
two slight emendations. V. D. and L. connect the words with γόνυ and pectus and render ‘gennalibus
et. peetoralibus', but neither word is known in. Greek, and the context requires that the words should
refer lo the valne of the garmeuts, nol their use or shape. The 'pictures! would be not pictures
proper, but euibroidery ; cf. Virg., Aen., nr, 48 * pieturalas auri subteginine vestes". See p. 550, l. 15.
The word πιχτοῦρα howeyer is not known in Greek,
