‎IHSTORY OF TIIE CONVENT OF ΙΟΗΝ URTAYA. 307‏ ]553[
¦ ܗܢܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܕܝܠܝܢ ‎Mas,‏ ܡܪܝ ܝܘܚܢܢ ‎EID‏ ܘܥܠ ‎Lio‏ 15305 ܕܡܢ ܒܪܫܝܬ
ܗܘܘ ܠܩܫ̈ܡܢܐ ܘܡܒ̈ܢܝܢܐ ‎Os‏ ܐܠܐ ܕܟܐܢܐ ܘܛܒ ‎Los‏ ܐܬܚ ܝܬ ܠܢ.. ‎Jaca‏
‏ܕܥܠܘܗܝ ܐܝܟ ܕܐܦ ‎Sao‏ ܘܫܪܝܪܐܝܬ ܝܠܦܢ ܘܚܬܝܬܐܝܬ.. ܠܘܬ ܫܪܟܐ ܕܥܡܘܪ̈ܘܗܝ
‎D Ever‏ ܘܢܥܒܪ ܒܝܕ ܬܢܥܝܬܐܢ ‎οι‏ - ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܒܫܝܕ ܡܫܠܡܼܢܘܬܐ ܡܢ ‎Lio [NM‏
ܥܬܝ̈ܩܝ ܒܫܘܡ̈ܡܬܐ ‎«ao‏ ܘܝܕܠܦܝܢ܇. ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܥܡܘܪ̈ܘܗܝ ܡܢ ܙܒܢܐ ܕܟܗܝܢܘܬܗ
ܪܒܬܐ ܘܩܕܡܝܬܐ ܗܘܘ. ‎QUÀ‏ ܕܝܢ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܡܢ ܣܟܐ ܪܒܐ ܡܪܝ ܫܡܘܐܝܠ ‎ai‏
‏ܩܫ̈ܝܫܐ ܕܝܠܗ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ ‎cher‏ ܕܡܢ ‎Jed [TES‏ ܥܡܘܪܗ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎Jon‏ . ܕܩܬܒܠ
‎o0 ole‏ ܡܢ ‎A LazNs [Ac‏ ܝܘ̈ܡܬ| ܕܡܝܢ ܩܕܡܘܗܝ܆. ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܢ ܫܘܪܝ
ܩܘܚܡܗ ܗܘܼܘ ܒܗ ܥܡܘܪ̈ܐ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ‎Lisa}‏ ܗܢܐ ‎ο‏ ܒܚ̈ܙܒܢܝܢ ܕܝܠܢ..
ܘܥܕܡܐ ܠܫܢܬ ܬܡܢܡܐܐ ‎gamme‏ ܬܐܢܝܢ ܕܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܣ ‎ple Lan‏ ܐܦ
ܒܐܓܘܢܐ ܕܪܕܝܦܘܬܐ. ‎coule‏ ܘܫܿܠܡ ‎Hoi‏ ܕܕܘܒܙܵܘܗܝ ` ܪ̈ܘܪܒܐ ‎à : Lolo‏
ܒܐܟܣܘܪܝܐ ܕܬܪ̈ܬܝܝܢ ܒܩܠܘܕܝܐ ܐܬܪܐ.. ܒܕܝܪܐ ‎ον‏ ܐܦ ܟܠܗܘ
ܥܘܡܪܐ ‎es às‏ ܐܚܡ ܥܝܶܢܝܐ܂ ܬܪ̈ܬܥܣܪܐ. ܘܒܝܼܢܗ̇ ‎JN 9i» pe [όρο ο‏

‎|. Ms. 0.00.

‎fathers concerning the original fouudation of this our holy convent of the
house of Mar John at Amida, and concerning the great old men wlio were
the founders and builders of it from the begiuning; but it seemed to us to
be right aud very proper that through this our narrative we should hand
down and transmit to the rest of its inmates the history concerning it even
as we received and truly aud accurately learned it, as we received and
learned through tradition from three seniors advanced in years, who were
inmates of it from the time of its great earlier prosperity, that is especially
from the great senior Mar Samuel arclipresbyter of this same convent, who
had been an inmate of it for a long time, who himself also as well received it
from ancient seniors of protracted life who were before him, who were inmates
in it from its earliest foundation. But this blessed Samuel lived even in our
times, and down to the year eight hundred and fifty of Alexander': and he
gained distinction also in the conflict (ἀγών) of persecution ; and he fell asleep
and finished the course of his great and divine practices in the second exile
(ἐξορία) itself in the district of Claudias, in the monastery called that of the
Huts, while the whole convent also dwelt in it for about twelve years?, and
built it and set it up and made plantations there, As then we received and

‎l. 539, — 2, 939-51; see p. 570 and note,

‎* 129 veh,

‎* 180 r? a.
