* 135 v? b.

226 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [572]

ܕܒܫܬ ܒܪ ܕܒܐ. ‎ο‏ ܕܝܢ ܡܢ ܫܒܪܘܬܗ ܣܡܘܗܝ ܐܒܗ̈ܘܗܝ ܒܗ ܒܥܘܡܪܐ.
‎os Hle‏ ܡܢ .368 ‎μβα‏ ܩܘܙܡܐ ܪܝܫ ‎pe Jes‏ ܐܦ ܒܝܟܒܠܗܘܢ
‎μᾶς‏ ܕܪܕܝܦܘܬܐ ܕܡܢ ‎Lias‏ + ܥܕܡܐ ‎iss‏ ܗܕܐ ܕܫܢܬ ܬܡܢܡܐܐ ܘܫܒܥܝܢ ܘܫܒܥ
‎orca 2301‏ ܕܝܘܣܛܝܢܙܚܢܐ ܕܡܿܢ ܥܠܡܐ. ܟܕ ܠܘܩܕܡ.. ܥܡ ܘܠܗܘܢ ‎Lis‏ ܐܒܗ̈ܘܗܝ
‎LA‏ ܕܡܢ ܫܘܪܝ ܪܕܘܦܝܐ ܗܘܘ ܒܟܘܠ )51 ܐܬܬ ܩܦ ܗܘܐ. $223 ܘܡܚܡܣܝܢ.,
‎Hs‏ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ‎κ‏ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ ܘܡ . ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ‎Xe «al‏ ܘܚܡܿܣܢ.
ܟܕ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ° ܡܢ ܐܬܪܐ ܠܐܬܪܐ ܘܡܢ ܕܘܟܐ ܠܕܘܟܐ 35 ‎«Joe‏ ܟܕ ܡܝܘܕܐ
‎κ...‏ ܗܢܐ ܕܟܕ ܡܢ ‎Jer»‏ ܡܚܬ ܪܐ ܘܙܩܕܘܢܐ ‎Jes peo‏ ܐܚܡ ܒܪ
ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎:1]οοι‏ ܘܒܚܝܪܬܐ ܟܕ ܠܘܬ ‎ones‏ }1 ܘܒܠܝܼܥ ‎Laus‏ ܘܐܬ݀ܥܠܠ
ܒܕܚܥܬ ‎"ο‏ ܐܗܦܕܟ ‎Loris)‏ ܡܝܢ ܟܘܠܗܝܢ ‎pmso Jaune‏ ܥܠ
ܠܒܘ̈ܦܐ ‎J,5‏ ܘܥܠ ܡܐܟܠ̈ܬܐܼ ܛܥܝ̈ܡܬܐ ܘܒܣܡܢܐ ܘܫܪܟܐ.. ܘܠܒܫ܂ ܘܐܬܟܣܝܚ
ܕܣܥܪܐ. ܘܠܒܝܼܟ ܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ ܘܢܙܝܪܘܬܐ:. ܘܨܘܡܐ ܘܬܫܡ̈ܫܬܐ ܘܨܠܘ̈ܬܐ ܡܬܝ̈ܚܬܐ ܕܐܝܡܡܐ

ܘܕܠܠܝܐ. ܘܕܬܡܝܗܐ ܡܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ.. ‎loe) Là‏ ܦܘܩܕ̈ܢܐ 7ܠܗܝܐ. ܟܕ ܣܡ

house of Bar Deba'. This man was placed by his parents in the same con-
veut from his childhood, aud he was brought up in it from the days of the
blessed Cosmas the archimandrite, and he gained distinction also in all the
conflicts (ἀγών) of persecution from the beginning down to the present year,
which is the year eight huudred and seventy-seven, the year in which Justinian
departed from the world?, having first been buffcted in every place with all
the old men his fathers who had lived since the beginning of the persecution
while he endured and remained firm. — But at last, when he was appointed
to the headship of the convent, he increascd in strength and prowess and
firmness, while he was more frequently driven from district to district and
from place to place, uttering thanks and praise at all times; a man who,
having been at first luxurious and delicate and smart as being a citizen, and
at last come to liimself?, and been smitten with remorse and brought himself
into a religious frame of mind, turned lits face away from all visible
things, and came to despise clean clothes and delicious foods and unguents
and so on, and clothed and covered* himself with garments of hair, and
embraced asceticism and abstinence, and fasting and services and protracted
prayers by day and night, and what is more adinirable than all, the practice
of observing tlie divine commandments, having stored up iu his mind tlie

V. Se. ‘sun of a wolf”, — 2. 565/6. — 3. Luke, xv, 17; cf. p. 171. — 4, See p. 319, n. 2; p. A89, n. 3.
