* 123 v° a.

184 JOHN OF EPIIESUS. [530]

‎Lips x39»,‏ ܐܦܝܚܣܬܗ. ܕܐܢ ‎Lys‏ ܢܐܬܐ ܠܘܬܢ ܒܥܕܢܐ ܕܚܫܡܝܬܐ ܒܟܣܝܐ..
‎«3e» yo‏ ܘܠܐ ܐܬܛܦܝܚܣ. ܟܕ ‎Sync 0 Mx‏ ܕܐܝܠܝܢ ‎eoe‏ ܘܡܟܬܪ̈ܢ.
ܚܕ ܕܝܢ ܡܢ ‎Jan‏ ܟܘܪܗܢܐ ‎JRals‏ ܡܢ ܫܠܝܕܐ ܗܘܼܐ ܠܝ. ܘܒܨܦܪܐ ܟܕ ܚܙܝܗܝ
ܓܒܪܐ ‎mass où‏ ܐܝܢܐ ܕܐ ܙܠ ܗܘܐ ܠܘܬܗ ‎οὐμ‏ ܡܣܟܢܐ: ܐܝܟ ‎se‏ ܒܡܘ̈ܡܬܐ
ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎Role,‏ ܕܩܕܡ ܕܐܢܐ ‎Woo)‏ ܠܡ ܥܡܗ. ‎exe] νο où‏ ܠܝ. ‎sms];‏
‏ܐܫܬܐ ܗܘܬ ܒܠܠܝܐ. ‎ss pel Sy‏ ܕܥܠ ܡܢܐ ܐܟܠܬ ‎MoNale fans‏
ܦܘܣܩܐ ܒܩܪ̈ܝܪܐ. ܘܟܕ ܠܡ ܐܢܐ ‎Ae‏ ܠܗ: ܕܡܪܝ ܡܢܘ ‎pan‏ ܗܕܐ܂. ‎ol‏ ܠܝ܂
ܕܠܒܝ ܚܘܝܢܝ ܕܗܟܢܐ ܥܒܝܼܕ.. ܘܡܢ ܚܬܐ ° ܘܩܪ̈ܺܝܪܐ ܐܬܟܪܗ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܕ ܐܬ ܐ ܓܒܪܐ
ܗܽܘ: ܘܥܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܐܘܕܥܢܝ. ܠܬܗܪܐ ;5( ܘܕܘܡܪܐ° ܪܘܬ . ܘܐܘܿܕܝܬ ܐܠܗܐ ‎ess‏
‏ܒܩ̈ܕܝܫܘܗܝ. ܥܠ ‎μυ‏ ܕܝܢ ‎Biel‏ ܣܓܺܝܐܐ ‎ET‏ ܕܡ݀ܬܢܐ ܗܘܐ ܓܒܪܐ ‎Je où‏
ܒܡܣܟܢܐ ‎ey volo :oà‏ ܠܘܬܗ ܚܕ ܡܝܢ ܚܒܕ̈ܘܗܝ ܘܚܕܙܝܗܝ ‎see‏ ܘܠܐ ܩܝܿܒܠ

‎«M ‏ܕܬܫܥܝܬܐ܂‎ Lado ‏ܡܛܠ‎ κου ‏ܡܢ ܣܘܓܐܐ‎ ones Koss oo

‎1. Corr. from Sri — 2. Corr. from I0? 0.

‎things to me, 1 sent and begged him, if possible, to come to us secretly at sup-
pertime, and eat with us', and he would not consent, sending me a message
that we should attend to things that are helpful and lasting. One night I was
suddenly attacked by the disease of fever; and in the morning, when the man
who was with me who used to go to that poor man saw him”, as he swore
with fearful oaths by God, « Before 1 on my side spoke to lin, he first said
to me:  *Theabbot (2662c) was attacked by fever during the night. Go say
to him, « Wherefore did you eat dry food and drink a vinegar-posset (πόσκκ)"
with cold water? »'. And, when Lon my side said to him, * Sir, who showed
you this?', he said to me * My heart showed me that he did so, and in conse-
quence of the vinegar and the cold water he fell ill” »; so that, when that
man came, aud informed me of these things, 1 was struck with great astonish-
ment and wonder, and 1 gave thanks to God who dwells iu his saints. With
regard to mauy other characteristic things which that man used to relate that
he saw in that poor man, and moreover that one of his companions came
to him and saw him with him, and lie himself refused to speak to him, in
consequence ofthe large number of these we have on account of the length

‎1. As this was not later lhan 542 (see below), J. was probably living in the house of Probus (see
Inirod., p. vi). — 2. The senience is left unfinished, and the sense completed in another form. —
3, This word (= posca) is not known in Gk., butthe Syr. iinplies a Gh. form.
