* 131 γὸ ἢ,

‎JOUN OF EPITESUS. [558]‏ . 212
ܙܒܢܐ ‎œaol'o oœsio]‏ ܠܥܘܡܪܐ܂ ‎με. .Rofsioi‏ ܗܘܐ ‎Jae page‏
ܥܠ ܟܘܠܗܘܢ ‎μιϑϑοῦο [i325‏ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܘܕܐܬܪܐ. ܐܝܟܬܐ܂ ܕܐܦ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܘܬ ܡܿܕܥܟܐ
ܛܒܕܗ ܢܝܼܡܛܐ ‎Jo‏ ܘܠܡܕܝܢܬ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܒܝܕ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ ܢܬܩܪܐ ܗܘܐ ‎anse‏
‏ܘܢܿܬܩܒܠ ܒܐܝܩܪܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܥܡ ܐܝܩܪ̈ܐ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ.. ‎elo‏ ܩܪܝܬܐ ‎y‏
‏ܒܐܬܪܐ ‎όρο) LS‏ ܢܪܕܐ ܝܗܼܒ ܠܗ. ‎Sfar‏ ܡܛܠ ܚܫܚܬܐ ܕܛܘܪܐ ܕܩܫ̈ܣܐ܂
ܘܦܪܟܐ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ‎Rs‏ ܡܝܢ ‎Rips‏ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܘܚܕܙܐ ‎ode sio?‏ ܘܪܒܘܬܗ ܕܛܘܪܐ܂. 2.229
ܦܠܓܗ܂ ܘܝܗܼܒ ‎TS‏ ܕܨܘܩܙܝܢ ܩܪܝܬܐ ‎Lada‏ ܡܢܙܗ. ܡܛܠ ܕܐܦ ‎sus‏ ܗܘܐ
ܠܗܘܢ ܐܝܟ ‎Lisa ciao corn")‏ ܠܗ ܠܡܢܝܢܥܐ ܕܐܪܒܥܡܐܐ ‎v‏ ܠܥܘܡܪܐ
‎où.‏ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܡܪܝ ܝܘܚܢܝܢ. ܘܚܕܪܒ ‎Solo‏ ܥܘܡܪܐ ܗܢܐ ܒܫ̈ܘܡܬܗ ‎A Lisa)‏
ܡܢܟܘܠܗܘܢ ܥܘܡܕ̈ܐ ܕܒܚܝܕܪ̈ܝ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ. ܘܡܛܘܠ ‎ofa tol‏ ܘܡܥܠܚܘܬܐ ܕܕܘܒܪ̈ܘܗܝ܂.ْ
ܐܬܕܒܪ ܒܩܛܝܪܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ.. ܘܗܼܘܐ ܐܦܚܣܩܦܐ ܒܒܝܬ ܐܘܪ̈ܛܝܐ ܒܐܬܪܐ ‎eias‏
‏ܟܕ ܕܚܢ ܗܕܐ ܗܘܼܬ: ܘܠܗ ܘܠܟܠܗܘܢ ‎Ram oriens Lis‏ ܘܐܥܝܕܩܬ. ܡܬܟܫܦܝܢ

‏ܗܘܘ ܠܗ ܕܝܢ ܒܦܝܣܐ.. ܕܢܩܕܫܡ ܠܗܘܢ ܪܝܫܐ ܘܡܕܒܪܢܐ ܒܕܘܟܬܗ. ܟܕ ܗܼܘ ܡܢ

‎1. Ms. ‏ܝܫܐ‎ corr. Nóld.

‎while he also in a short time greatly increased and extended the convent,
being also formidable and severe and stern toward all the chief men and
magnates of the city and of the distriet; insomuch that his fame penetrated
even to the king', and he was summoned by an order to the royal eity,
and went up aud was received with great honour, so that in addition to great
presents he gave him a village also as well for whiel lie asked in the distriet
of Ingilene tlie name of which was Narda, for which he had asked on aecount
of the usefulness of its wooded heiglts and so on. But on coming down
from the royal eity and seeing the spaciousness and magnitude of the heights
lie cut. off half of it and gave it to tlie monastery of the village of Zuknin?
who had asked him for it, since he indeed loved them as his brothers. And
he beyan to raise his own convent of the blessed Mar John to the number of
four hundred men; aud this convent grew and inereased in the blessed man's
davs beyond all the convents round the city. And on account of the perfec-
tion of his character and the sublimilv of his mode of life great constraint
was put upon him, and he was made bishop in the laud of the Urtaye in the
distriet of Anzetene ὃ; and, when this liappened, both lie and all tlie members
of his eonvent were smitten with sorrow and distress, and they continued
begging and entreating him to appoint a head and governor for them in his

‎I. Probably Zeno, — 2. See p. 37. — 3. Kyr. ! Hanzit'.
