* 138 voa.

202 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [548]

ܡܫ̈ܥܟܝܙܢ ‎οι» vM JI o Lusla.o «οἷς‏ ܘܒܬܪܬܝܢ ‎y κ‏
ܦܪܦܣܝܛܘܣ! ‎AA‏ .+ ܘܐܟܒܘܬܗܼ ܥܘܬܪܐ ܪܒܐ ܡܦܩ. ܢܦܝܼܩ ܗܟܝܠ ‎οοι‏ ܛܝܘܒܝܢܐ
ܢܕܝܚܐ ܘܫܡܿܠܝܝ ‎vu]‏ ܫ̈ܢܝܢ. ܘܐܸܫܕܬܪܝ ܘܢܦܝܼܩ ܒܕܗܒܐ ‎κ‏ )| ܘܥܘܬܪܐ ‎ἘΣ‏
‏ܘܗܿܝܕܝܢ ܚܦܝܛܐܝܬ ‎Lis Noe‏ ܒܒܘܕܪܗ ܕܕܗܒܐ ‎«οὐ!‏ ܘܙܘܪܥܗ ܕܟܠܗ ܥܘܬܪܗ
ܒܐܪ̈ܥܬܐ ܛܒ̈ܬܐ ܕܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ ܐܝ̈ܕܝܐ ܘܟܪ̈ܣܬܐ ‎«αρ»‏ ܟܕ ܡܟܝܠ ܒ̈ܠܝܠܘܬܐ
‎Li‏ ܡܝܢ ܡܗܝ̈ܡܢܘܗܝ ܡܛܥܢ ܗܘܐ: ‎ao‏ ܗܘܐ ‎fauxo Jens où‏ ܪܝܫܗ..
ܘܢܚܿܦܩ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܡܦܠܓ ܗܼܘ ܒܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ‎aùs‏ ܠܠܝܚܐ.܆ ܟܕ ܠܐ ܡܬܬܟܠ ܗܘܐ ܝܚܠ
‎Je‏ ܟܕ ܠܘ ° ‎JS. οἱ SL‏ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܕܙ̈ܝܟܘܢܐ ܝܪܘܒ ܗܘܐ ‎«να νὰ ὃν‏ ܐܠܐ
ܘܐܝܬ ‎Nolo Jess,‏ ܕܬܡܢܚܐ. ‎ss so ἽΝωο‏ ܟܕ ܠܐ ܡܟܝܠ ‎Lana‏ ܠܗ

ܡܣܟ̈ܢܝܗܿ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ. ‎99ο yl‏ | | ܠܟܠ ‎vA‏ ܢܦܩ ‎Jon‏ + ܟܕ ‎RAM‏
‏ܘܕܪܐ ܠܗ ܠܥܘܬܪܗ ‎μα‏ ܘܕܠܐ ܚܘܣܝܢ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܒܙܒܢܐ ܕܫܢܬܐ ‎Je‏ ܠܘ
ܒܠܚܘܕ ܚ ܡܫܬܥܣܪ ‎οἱ‏ ܥܣܪܝܢ ܩܢܛܝܢܪ̈ܐ ܢܒܝܕܪ.. ܥܕܡܐ ܕܐܘܦܝ ܟܠܗ ܕܗܒܐ.

1. Ms. ‏9ܐܦܝܣܛܘܣ‎ .

to him', and large profits coming in to him, and in two years like the prae-
positus he retires, and like him expends? much wealth. The illustrious bles-
sed man tlierefore retired, and completed two years; and he was released
and retired with much gold and great wealth. And then he began eagerly
and joyfully to scatter that gold, and to sow all his wealth in good soils which
are the hands and bellies of the poor, since he would thenceforth load two
of his confidential servants? during the night, and himself put on a cape and
cover his lead, and would go out and distribute it all night with his own
hands, not trusting any man, giving the poor uot two or three daries only,
but sometimes even ten, and sometimes eight, aud six and seven, while
consequently the poor of the city were not enough for him, but he used also
to go out to tlie suburbs beyond the sea on all sides, crossing and scattering
his wealth profusely aud without stint; so that in the space of one year he
scattered more than fifteen ovr twenty huudredweights (κεντηνἁριον) *, until he
had used up all the gold. And his slaves and all who were attached to him

down with regard to the chief castrensiani, but it is hard to see how it can have applied to the
castrensis himself, still more lo the praepositus, a high officer of state.

1. Se. the castrensiani. — 2. 1 caunot render «es». in this context otherwise. Appy. the meaning
is that large sums pass through his hands. V.D. and L.'s translation of all this passage bears
no relation to the Syr. — 3. The word usually means *eunuclis'. — 4. 20 χεντηνάρια would be about
£ 90.000 = fr. 2,269,800, an almost incredihle sum.
