[575] SPURIOUS LIFE OF JAMES. 229

ܘܒܩܪܝܒܘܬܗ] . ܢܒܚܢܘܢ ܦܛܪ̈ܝܪܟܐ ܘܐܦܚ̈ܣܩܘܦܐ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܗܝܡܢܝܘܬܐ. 250+
ܠܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ‎Lia‏ ܠܐܪ̈ܬܘܕܘܟܣܐ° ܘܠܟܠܩܺܝܕܘܢܝܐ܂ ܕܢܬܘܥܕܘܢ ܠܡܕܝܢܬ ‎Mans‏
‏ܩܘܢܣܛܢܛܝܢܐ ܦܘܠܝܣ. ܐܝܟ ܡܶܢ ܕܒܩܪܝܒܘܬܗ ܕܡܶܠܟܐ܂. ܢܬܒܚ̈ܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ
ܕܓܘܐ. ܘܟܕ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ ܦܩ ,5 ܐܬܟܒܢܫܘ ܣܓܺܝܐܐ ܡܝܢ ܟܠ ‎aeuo is‏ ܕܝܢ ܐܦ 5
ܩܕܝܫܐ ܡܪܝ ܣܐܘܝܪܐ ܘܬܐܘܕܘܣܝܘܣ ܕܐܠܟܝܣܢܕܪܝܐ.. ‎‘Laos‏ ܒܠܚܝܘܕܝܗܘܢ
ܘܐܦܝ̈ܣܩܘܦܐ ܙܥܘܪ̈ܐ% ܕܥܡܗܘܢ ܫܪܝܟܝܢ ܗܘܘ (ܐܘܪ̈ܬܘܕܘܟܣܐ܂. ° ܘܩܘܝܘ ܒܡܕܝܢܬ
ܡܠܟܘܬܐ܂. ܡܛܠ ° ܕܐܚܕ ‎el‏ ܡܿܠܟܐ ܙܒܢܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ . ‎iso‏ ܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ ܟܘܠܗܘܢ
ܝܨܝܦܝܢ'' ܗܘܘ ‎κοῦρον‏ ܠܕܪܫܐ ܠܐܢܫܝܢ'ܐ ܡ̈ܠܝܐܐ ܘܪ̈ܕܝܐ܂. ܢܬܐ" ܚܕܐ ܘܣܠܝܠ
ܗܘܼܘ ܟܕ ܓܒ̈ܝܢ ܡܢ ܥܘܡܕ̈ܐ ܘܡܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܐܘܡܥܕܪܝܢ ‎Lan‏ ܛܘܒܬܢܐ ܬܐܘܕܘܣܝܘܣ

1. € ‏ܘܦܩܪܒܘܬܗ‎ (added in marg. in fainler ink) — 2, 0 ins, lisi». — 3, C ‏.ܠܐܘܪܬܘܕܘܦܣܘ‎ — 4, C
‏ܦܘܣܛܢܛܝܢܘ‎ N marg. (sic) ‏ܠܡܚܪܘܡ. ܘܟܠܗ ܡܠܐܦܗ‎ notion ‏ܝܥܩܘܒ ܐܠܟܐ ܕܠܝ ܐܠܟܐܦܪ‎ ο ‏ܗܕܗ ܗܝ‎
‏ܟܕܒ ܘܙܘܪ‎ — 5, 0 Po. — 6. Πο. — 7, C ‏ܗܢܘ‎ — 8. C om. — 9. C o,m ‏ܐܢܘܢ‎ «elo ‏ܐ ܐܘܪܬܘܕܘܦܣܘ.‎
— 10. C P. — Il. € «3p. — 12. C Eel. — 18. ἴδιας.

of letting the patriarchs and bishops examine the subject of the faith before
him and in his presence; and he ordered both parties, the orthodox (ὀρθόδοξος)
and the Chalcedonians, to meet in the royal city of Constantinople, in order
that the general questions might be examined in the king's presence'. And,
when the order went forth, many assembled from all quarters; and the holy
Mar Severus also went up and Theodosius of Alexandria?^, who themselves
alone and a few bishops with them were left among the orthodox (ὀρθόδοξος),
and they stayed in the royal city, because the king detained them for a long
time. And, all the believers being desirous of sending eloquent and learned
men to the conference, they occupied a litile over a year in choosing men from
the convents and the cities and sending them to the blessed Theodosius the

lowers of Iheir praclices, which are recorded in their hislories, and painled before the eyes of Ihe heart
of believers; and, whenever we read of the manner of life of one of (hem, we are consoled by him as
if he were wilh us and our minds exull in love for him, esp. of this saint wlio adorned tlie church ὃν
the gifts of grace wherewith he filled it, and delivered himself up for it; of whose praclices 011 6
speech does not suffice to describe a small fragment; whom if the Lord had not had mercy on his
chureh and raised up, it would have been hrought iv destruclion through the evil persecution of tlie
Diphysites ; the beginning of whose story we begin to make clear from examination and study ; whom we
entreal to help us by his prayers, 11181 we may speak and write all about him. Accordingly from this
point we begin to place 1116 memorial of his hislory on record ». 8 marg. « This history is of
J. Burd'ana, and not of James of Edessa, the interpreter of the Seriplures. since tlie Edessene's time
was known to be (?) the year 1054, and Burd'ana died in the year 889 ».

1. N (Inlrod., p. xii) has here an Arabic note. « This is the story of James Burd'ana the liar the
eursed heretie, And he has made the whole narralive (?) mendaeious and false », -— 2. Sev. left CP.
about 9 mos. belore Th. arrived, and the conference was ποιά at ἃ much earlier time.

*S166v?a.

* (285 v9 b.
