[535] LIFE OF CAESARIA. 189

Ji ‏ܠܝ ܘܡܫܟܝܚܝ‎ causs ‏ܕܦܩܕܐ ܐܢܬܝ ܐ ܢ‎ Jego ‏ܠܗܿ. ܘܦܩܘܕܝ ܘܩܘܡܝ..‎ Lis]
‏ܕܝܢ ܡܦܝܣܐ܂ ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪܐ. ° ܕܡܟܝܠ‎ NA oo ‏ܣ݀ܥܪ ܐܢܐܿ. ܘܗܟܢܐܿ܂ ܠܡܚܣܢ‎
‏ܘܗܪܟܐ‎ - Loan ‏ܘܐܒܟܐ ܥܠ‎ {995 ol ‏ܘܢܦܢܩܬ‎ eoo aus Ross
19 «unes ‏ܗܕܐ ܡܬ݀ܟܫܦܐ ܐܢܐ ܠܟ ܕܬܦܪܘܩ‎ οσο A) La ss οι»
‏ܠܡܕܒܪܐ ܓܘ̈ܝܐ ܒܟܣܝܐ܂ ܘܬܒܥܐ ܠܢ ܕܘܟܬܐ ܐܝܕܐ ܕܝܪܕܐ ܕܡ̈ܝܐ ܡܫܬܟܚ ܒܗܿ.‎
‏ܩܒܘܩܠܪ̈ܐ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܕܢܬܒ‎ 0 Ji caso ‏ܘܬܬܐ ܘܬܕܒܪܝܢܫ ܒܛܘܫܝܐ ܥܡ ܚܕܐ‎
xc ‏ܕܟܕ‎ odas va ‏ܗܢܐ ܘܡܢ ܟܠܗ‎ [3X ‏ܡܢ ܒܫ̈ܫܬܐ‎ Joke Less
‏ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܟܫܡܼܥܢ ܗܘܝܢ ܕܡܿܡܛܝܒܐ‎ sé) ‏ܥܕܟܝܠ‎ JI ‏ܕܡܙܪܘ ܐ ܠܪܘܩ܂‎
|-5-κᾶ ‏ܘܕܚܢܢ ܡܫ̈ܡ̈ܫܢܐ ܕܚ‎ pans san, ‏ܐܫܬܘܕܝܢ ܚܢܢ‎ Nas
‏ܗܠܝܢ ܙܗܘܐ. ܒܗܿܝ ܕܚܕܼܙܝܚܢ ܗܘܝܢ ܕܝܬܝܕܐ ! ܘܕܠܒܪ ܡܢ ܡܫܘܚܬܗ̇ ܘܚܝܬܠܪܘ̇‎
Kad ot ‏ܩܕܡܝܗ̇ ܥܠ ܐܦܝ‎ "eet ‏ܘܛܟܣܗ̇ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ. ܘܥܡ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܬܐ‎
vol ‏ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܪܬܚܐ ܗܢܐ ܘܚܗ̈ܫܒܐ. ܟܕ‎ fans ‏ܗܘܝܢ ܕܕܠܝܡܐ ܡܢ‎ €.
án ‏ܒܬ ܪܗ ܗܠܝܢ‎ SAS ‏ܡܡܦܪܝܝܢ ܗܘܝܚܢ 28.4360« ܠܗܿܢ. )9( ܩܝܢܕܘܢܘܣ‎

ܐ ܐܠܘ ܡܥܗ̇ ܐܣܬܥܕܪܘ.. ܕܐܒܕܢܐ ܕܒܘܕܪܐ ܕܢܦܦ̈ܬܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ ‎ντ η‏ ܥܡܘܿ.

1. Ms. sing. — 2. Ms. Ones. — 3. Ms. ©.

as to rise, and what you command, if it is within my power and capacity,
{will do. » And so she reluctantly rose; and she began to request me,
saying : € Now that 1 have left my house and my property and come out to
settle down in retreat and weep for my sins, and here my soul is in the same
turmoil, { make this entreaty of you, to save my soul, and go privily to the
inner desert and search out for us a place in which there is a well of water,
and come and take me secretly with one chamber-woman and one chamber-
lain only that we may settle down in retreat, and be quit of the evil things of
this world, and ofall its turmoil, for | thought to escape from it but have not
yet succeeded. » When therefore we heard that she intended to do these
things, we would not promise to agree to her request, and to be ourselves the
ministers of these plans, because we saw that they were unnecessary, and
they were beyond her capacity and strength and condition; and, besides many
arguments that we arrayed before her on these matters, we were afraid lest
this ardour and the plans came from the evil one, while we further explained
and showed her that these plans if put into ellect by her would even bring
danger (κίνδυνος) upon her, the danger οἵ, the destruction involved iu the
scattering ol all the souls that liad gone out with her. ‘Then in distress 1

* 1254 v? b.

* 125 ra.
