* ]30 re b.

208 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [554]

ܐܝܟܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܕܩܕܒܠܢ ܘܠܦܢ ܡܢ ܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ ‎A‏ ܗܢܘ ܕܝܢ ܠܠܘܩܝܕܡ ܡܝܢ
‎Lisa)‏ ܗܢܐ ‎Kojasas‏ . ܬܢܥܝܬܐܼ ‎ο” ο‏ ܣܓܺܝܐܢ ‎AD "i‏
ܕܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܗܟܢܐܿ. ‎Jr‏ ܥܡ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ ܗܢܐ ‎SN‏ ܟܘܪ̈ܚܐ ܙܥܘܖ̈ܐ ܒܕܘܟܬܗ ܐܝܬ
ܗܘܘܢ. ܕܡܬܩܪܝܢ܂ ܕܡܪܝ ܠܡ ܐܦܘܪܣܡ. ܗܢܐ ܕܐܦ ‎où‏ ܒܐܓܘܢܐ ‎Jlossse,‏ ܙܒܢܐ
ܝܕܝܥܐ ‎pl‏ ܗܘܐ. ‎cà‏ ܛܘܒܬܐ ܡܪܝ ܝܘܚܢܝܢ ܗܢܐ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ ܥܠ ܫܡܗ ‎ah)‏
‏|{ ܗܘܐ ܐܝܟ ܒܙܒܝܢ ‎Jie. Ris‏ ܘܒܕ ܠܗ ‎Lie] Le»‏ ܒ ‎Laco‏
‏ܩܠܝܠ ܡܢ ‎Jos às Lo‏ ܘܒܗ ܐܬܚܕܒܫ ܗܘܐ. ܗܢܐ ‎el;‏ ܐܘܪܛܝܐ
ܡܣܬܒܪ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܬܩܝܪܐ ܡܝܢ ܥܠܬܐ ‎ho ps‏ ܕܡܛܠ ܠܡ ‎μα‏
‏ܘܡܬܪܓܡܿܢܐ ‎fase‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ . ‎SES‏ ܗܘܐ ° ܘܢܦܩ ܠܐܬܪܐ ܕܐܘܪ̈ܛܝܐ. ܟܕ
‎[1h35‏ ܘܠܦ ܘܡ ܬܪܓܝܡܟ ‎JR sos‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ‎has‏ ܕܐܘܪ̈ܛܝܐ ܢܐܠܦ
ܗܘܐ. ܕܡܢ ܥܕܠܬܐ ‎yn‏ ܗܕܐ ܐܣܕܬܒܪ ‎Jon‏ ܘܐܬܩܪܝ ܐܘܪܛܝܐ. ܟܕ ܛܒ ܒܓܢܣܗ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎Masa Jon‏

ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ‎où‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܒܥܡܠܐ ‎να.)‏ - ܗܘܐ: ܘܡܫܐܬܡܗ ܘܡܝܣܬܓܕ
ܡܝܢ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ.. ܐܬܘ ܠܘܬܗ ܛܘܒ̈ܢܐ ܬܪ̈ܝܢ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ. ‎κα οι ele‏ ܡܫܡܗܐ܂ ܘܝܕܝ̈ܥܐ

learned from these blessed men, that is in the first placc from this blessed
Samuel, we record the history, which he often related in our presence; which
is as follows. Before this convent was firmly established, there were a few
huts onits site, which were called (the informant stated) those of Mar Afwrsm,
who himself also gained distinction for a considerable time in the conflict
(ἀγών) of seclusion. Then the blessed Mar John, by whose name the convent
was called, came about the year seven hundred', and made another hut for
himself a little distance from the earlier ones in the same place, and shut
himself up in it, who was also thought to be an Urtaya and so called for some
such reason as this. Because (the informant stated) he was a zealous man and
an expouuder? and a teacher, he used to go in and out of the country of the
Urtaye?, warning and teaching and expoundiug and correcting many,
insomneh that he learned the language of the Urtaye, so that for such a
reason he was thought to be and was called an Urtaya, though by his birth
(γένος) he was a Syrian.

While then the blessed mau was winniug distinction in the labour of
seclusion, and gaiuiug renown and reverence from many, two other hlessed

1. 389, — 2, Or ‘interpreter’, *linguist, — 3. I. e., Anzetene or part of it;see p. 135, n. 2.
