‎LIVES OF JOHN AND SOSIANA. 195‏ ]541[
‎v -— Las‏ ܕܐܫܦܕܥܬ ܐܢܬܬܐ ܥܠ ‎on‏ ܟܕ ܬܘܒ ܡܬܕܟܗ ‎οι-ῥοίύο‏
‎sisse‏ ܕܝܙܗܘܕܐ ܡܫܕܠܡܢܐ ܕܠܘ ܒܟܐܢܘܬܐ ‎JRNaïso‏ ܡܠܟ ‎go Co ISI]‏ ܡܢ
ܕܢܡܠܕܟܝܪܗܿ ܠܐܢܬܬܐ ܗܝ ܘܢܥܘܟܡ ‎“Has‏ ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ‎dus Loos asso]‏ ܡܝܩܕ̈ܐ:
ܥܕܡܐ ‎Lis isis:‏ ܘܦܚܫ̈ܡܐ ܕܠܒܝܕܫܐ ܗܘܬ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܬܦܘ܀܂. ܟܕ ܒܪܗܕܐ ‎«S‏
‏ܗܘܝܢ ‎όλ‏ - ܙܕܬܫܒܘܩ ‎OU‏ ܣܘܢܩܢܗܿ. ‎AR Xeno‏ ܐ ܡܘܬܪܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ. ܟܕ
‎ας‏ ܡܪܝ ܠܐ ܬܚܘܣ ܒܗܕܐ. ܡܛܠ ܕܝܘܡܐ ܚܕ ‎hes‏ ܕܦܓܪܐ ܝܬܝܪ
ܡܢ ܫܢܬܐ ‎ο‏ ܠܝܬ ܠܝ. ܘܐܸܢ ‎Lass‏ ܐܢܐ ܗܠܝܢ.. ܡܢ ܐܝܡܟܐ ܝܕܥܐ ܐܢܐ ܐܸܢ
‎xS ansias‏ ܠܪܗܘܢ܆. ‎oo Lilo‏ ܡܬܬܒܥܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܘܟܕ ܗܕܐ ܝܡܥܢ ܚܢܢ:
‎Ramos Neo)‏ ܥܠ ܫܘ݀ܠܡܐ ‎EN Oen)‏ ܐܡܪܢ ܚܢܢ. ܕܐܸܢ ܗܕܐ ܐܬܓܕܠܫܬ
‎pans 23M‏ ܡܡܒܥܕܪܐ ܐܢܬܝ ‎prono‏ ܟܘܠ ܡܕܡ ‎NE‏ ܠܟܝ. ܟܕ ‎αλϑοὶ «Ὁ‏
‎γα. ὁμ 58 LOS‏ : ܘܡܝܢ ܣܓܚܐܘܬܗܘܢ ‎eM vu‏ ܚܢܢ ܠܡܕܢܚܝܐ
ܘܠܡܥܪܒܐ ܠܟܠ ‎co! ας ο.‏ ܐܝܬܝܬ ܣܐܡܗܿ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ‎RAS‏
‎τ vb.‏ * ܣܓܺܝܐܬ|܂. ‎ooo “soul‏ ܟܣ̈ܐ ܘܟܘ̈ܦܬܐ܂ . ܘܦܝ̈ܢܟܐ ܣܓܺܝܐܐ| ° ‎1ος‏ .. ܘܐܬܐܦܠܓܘ

‎1. Ms. Snllo. — 2. Ms. a2 olo.

‎great price which the woman poured on his head, when also the advice
and desire of Judas the traitor which lie. proferred. contrary to what was
right and proper was blamed ', and we ceased advising that Woman so and
standing ju the way of her wish. And, wheu all her valuable clothes had
been used up, until she was left with the cheap ordiuary clothes that she
was wearing only, when we were finding fault with her in this matter, that
she might leave hersell what she needed, νοῦ we did no good whatever,
since she said, « Do not pity me in this matter, sir, sinee I have not ἃ single
day in the life of the body beyoud this year; and, if I spare these, whence
do I know if eourtezans (πόρναι) will wear (ποιὰ, and 1 on my part shall he
called to account lor thein?? » And on hearing this declaration, which: she
plainly made in advanee about the end of her life, we said : « If this has been
revealed to you, vou do rightly in sending all that vou have in advanee ».
When all her precious. articles of clothing had been used up, and we had
begun out of the multitude of them to distribute to the east and to the west
everything that came to hand, then she brought her silver which amounted
10 inauy pounds (aire), aud it was given up and ehalices and patens were
made, and mauy dishes [πίνακα and spoous, and they were distributed by

‎l. Jobn. xit, 7. δν - 2. CF. p. 285, L 175 p. 590, n. f.
