[551] LIFE OF THEODORE THE CASTRENSIS 205

‎obl PI‏ ܘܠܐ ܝܕܪܥܚܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎οὐ)‏ ܡܕܡ ܕܐܬܝܗܼܒ ܠܢ ܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܝܗܒܢܝܗܝ
‎sos‏ ܕܢܬܠܗ ܠܢ ‎νο‏ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ:. ܘܠܐ ‎Nos p oou SIN‏ ܡܢܢ
‎εντος‏ ܡܝܢ ܒܝܬ ܪ ܓ ܚܝܪ ‎Jr‏ ܗܘܐ ‎Jo Moss‏ ܗܘܐ ܘܪܽܘܶܙ܂. ‎GN.‏
‏ܡܿܠܟܐ ‎Joins‏ ܘܕܪ ܩܪܝܗܝ܂ ‎ου «οἷν Jon aio‏ ܠܓܡܪ ܡܢ ܝܠܝܚ
‎js‏ ܢܟܣ̈ܘܗܝ. ܘܝܗ̇ܒ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܟܠ ‎δι‏ ܐܠܦܐ ܕܕܪ̈ܝܟܘܢܐ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ
ܡܝܬ ܪܐ ܐܦ ܡܢܗ̇ ܕܛܝܒܚܘܬܐ܂ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ‎De .Joot pM‏ ܚܕܐ ‎Jea‏ ܘܕ ‎Jy‏ ܕܐܫܬܘܼܝ
ܕܬܪܣܒ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܟܝܠ ‎τοὰ‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܦܪܣܛܚܘܢ ܕܡܬܩܪܐ ܗܘܐ ܣܡܼܐ..
ܐܝܟܐ ܕܣܚܝܼܡ ܗܘܐ ܢܝܝ ܢܦܫܐ ܡܝܫܐܝܠ. ܟܕ ‎καλοὶ‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܕܘܡܐ ܘܒܕܠܝܘܬܐ܂ ܘܒܫܗܪܐ
‎Loxe JL Ro‏ ܕܒܟܠܗ ‎RS,‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܐ ܚܝܐ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܠܐ ‎Nae‏ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܐܝܟ
ܪܒܐ ܕܢܓܣ ܥܠ ܐܩܘܒܝܛܘܢ ܘܢܠܥܣܝ ‎y Jl‏ ܡܣܟܢܐ ܝܬܒ ܗܘܐ .. ܟܕ ‎ce‏
‏ܘܣܓܺܝܐܐ ܐܡܓܣܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ°.. ܘܡܦܝܣܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ ‎ο‏ ܘܠܐ ܡܬܛܦܝܣ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ
‎os - LS‏ ܠܢ ‎Νορ‏ ܒܬܪܥܐ ‎Jo SES‏ ܢܗܠܟ ܒܐܘܪܚܐ ܕܦܬܝܐ ܕܡܘܒܠܐ
ܠܐܒܕܢܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎La] be‏ ܕܚܠܝܨܘܬܐ ‎ks‏ ܘܟܠܡ ܓܒܪܐ ܗܢܐ ° ܕܐܠܗܐ. ܟܕ

‎1. Corr. from οι” — 2, In erasure.

‎your belly and your purses; and you do not know that we gave away the whole
of what was given us by God that he may give us many times as much, and
we may not be called to account for it through administering it badly. »
But, after he had come to want, and was rejoiciug and delightiug himself,
king Justinian heard ofit, and he sent and called for him, and continued
upbraiding him for having thus suddenly dissipated his property completely ;
and he gave him a bounty of a thousand darics every year. But the excellent
man out of the very bounty itself uscd to perform acts of bounty, while he
rejoiced and exulted that he had been thought worthy to receive bounty.
And so thenceforward he lived in a villa called Sema (?), where Mishael
whose soul is at rest was laid, being constantly occupied in fasting and
prayer, and much watching, and living a life devoted to all religious habits,
and he would not consent to recline upon a couch (ἀκούδιτον) like a great mau,
and eat, but used to sit like a poor man, while we and many others were
reclining, and begging him to do the same, and he would not comply, saying,
« It is prescribed for us to enter by the narrow gate, and that we should
not walkinthe way that is broad that leads to destruction‘ ». And thus this
man of God began and ended in this brave conflict (ἀγών), while he had now

‎1. Id,, να, 13.

‎* [39 r° b.

‎* 129 v° a.
