[5^7] LIFE OF THEODORE TIE CASTRENSIS. 201

ܦܠܬܚܝ ‎Lo ils iso joo‏ ܢܓܪܘܬܐ ‎Ja san. ς Ja iso‏ ܘܡܿܙܒܢ ܗܘܐ
‎«2όμο‏ ܠ ‎Ham‏ ܥܡܕ ܫܪܟܐ ‎os,‏ ܥܘܬܪܗ. ܟܕ ‎Lis‏ ܗܘܐ ‎Mss‏
‎Robin sec‏ + ܥܕܡܐ ‎μασιν,‏ ܥܡ ܩܬܐ . ܘܗܟܢܐ ܢܦܝܼܩ ܡܢ ܥܠ ܡܐ
ܒܣܤܗܕܘܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ ܘܫܦܝܪܬܐ. ‎bots‏ ܗܟܝܠ ܐܬ ܕܡܝ ܬܐܘܕܘܪܐ ܛܘܒܢܐ.. ܥܡ ܐܘܗܝ
ܐܚܪܢܐ ܕܫܡܗ ܗܘܐ ܝܘܚܢܝܢ. ‎Lin)‏ ܕܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ܂ ܩܒܘܩܠܝܪ̈ܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ ܕܡܿܥܠܟܐ.
ܟܕ ܚܐܝܢ ‎[ao JM] μονο bo‏ ܘܕܡܥ ܐ ܘܒܥ ܒ̈ܕܐ ‎Ja os‏

‎slo Klaus [sas 2012230‏ ܒܬܪ ‎JE Leo us” oda.‏ ܘܡܛܠ
ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܒܦܓܪܗ ܡܚܝܐܐܼ ܘܟܪܝܗܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ .. ܘܝܬܝܝܪܐܝܬ ܡܢ ‎Lsco jo {τοις‏
ܘܥܙܘܝܘܬܐ܂. ‎N Le‏ ܡܢ ܡܠܟܐ ܝܘܣܛܛܝܢܚܝܢܐ: ‎[is |. où‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܙܘ ‎wu»‏
‏ܘܚܩܫܪ ܗܘܐ ° ‎στρ‏ ܩܣܛܛܪܝܣܝܣ.. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܢܓܗܐ ܘܢܦܘܩ ܡܢ
‎RS) Pass‏ ܘܢܬ ܒ ܒܫܠܚܐ. ܘܢܬܥܝܼܢܐ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܒܦܘܠܚܝܢܐ ܕܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ.
‎«οἱ ha.‏ ܐܬܛܦܝܣ ܠܗ ܡܿܠܟܐ܂ ܘܟܝܠܥ ܘܕ ܕܒܫܢܗ. ܘܦܝܩܝܼܕ ܠܗ ,33 ‎oe‏
‏ܩܣܛܪܣܝܣ. ܡܛܠ ܕܬܪ̈ܬܝܢ' ‎Cie‏ ܒܠܚܘܕ ‎sans‏ ܟܕ ܦܠܝ̈ܝܘܬܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܬܐ

‎i. Ins. later in same hand.

‎man he used to work and labour with his hands at carpentering and building
and carving, and sell and give to the poor, besides all the rest of his wealth,
while he lived an ordinary and poor life, dowu to extreme old ago, and thus
departed from the world bearing great and noble testimony. This man then
the blessed Theodore imitated with another brother of his whose name was
John, so that they were both chamberlains of the king, while living in fas-
ting and constant pravers, and sorrow and tears and works of charity, both
during the life of the blessed Mishael and also after his death for many years.
And, because the blessed man was feeble and siekly of body, and the more
so from watching and fasting aud abstinence, he asked king Justinian, who
was also edified by him and loved him and in whose cyes he was honoured,
that he might retire as castrensis', in order that he might escape and retire
from the turmoil of the palace (παλάτιον), and settle down in quietude, and
devote hiuself to the practice of religion only ; insomuch that the king assen-
ted to lis request and carried out his desire, and ordered him to retire as
rastrensis, because he? serves two years only ?, many oflices being subordinate

‎1. This is a dillicull phrase, which I understand as above. Appy. he wished to resign the cliam-
berlainship and become castrensis, because he could then retire allogether after 2 years (see n. 41
The castrensis was a kind of purveyor lo tue court, originally the quartermaster of a camp (Pauly-
Wissowa, s. v.) -— 9. sv. the castrensis. 3. 0 Cod. Just. ΝΗ, xxv, 1, this provision is laid

‎* 198 r? b,
