802 HYMNS OF SEVERUS. 390

‎La,‏ ܟܕ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܠܦܢܝܐ ܟܬ݀ܒܬ ܒܝܕܝܝܘܬܐ܂. ܠܗܠܚܝܢ ‎κ‏ ܕܐܬܬܘܣܝܦ
ܒܣܝܪܝܩܘܢ ‎deseo‏ ܠܗܠܚܝܢ ‎og Sura: καὶ‏ ܡܦܥܝܩܢܝܐ: ܡܛܠܬܗ̇ ܟܕ
‎GRR 5‏ ܕܥܠܝܼܬܐ: ܟܝܕ ܣܡ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ ܚܠܝܦ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܫܝܬܐ: ܐܝܟ ‎Joals‏
‎[Jason‏ ܕܡܒܫܕܘܚܬܐ ܕܡܠܐ: ܠܘܬ ܩܬܐ .| ܝܘ̈ܢܝܐܬܐ܂. ܩܬܛܝܢܐܝܬ ‎Rss‏ ܠܟ
ܘܢܩܕܐܝܬ.. ܠܥܠ ܡܢܝܗܘܢ ‎Loop‏ ܒܝ ܢܬ ܣܝܘܪ̈ܓܝܕܐ܂. ‎Lis.)‏ ܕܦܫܝܩܐܝܬ
‎ol‏ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܚܢ ܒܚܘܢܝܐ ܘܟܠ ܐܡܬܝ ܕܨܒܐ ‎«M Lino AM‏
‎Jia‏ ܘܣܙܗ̈ܕܘܬܐ ܡܢ ܡܠܐ ‎JR‏ ܕܟܬ ܒܐ ‎Jo‏ ܒܗܝܢ ܒܶܡܥܢܝܬܐ:. ‎Jis‏
‏ܫܕܘܚܠܦܐܼ ‎Jo‏ ܬܘܣܦܬܐ ܘܒܘܕܪ|܀

‏ܟܠ ‎Jes‏ ܒܟܬܒܐ ܗܢܐ ‎Bye‏ ܕܢܡܿܠܐ ܠܡܠܬܐ ܟܬܒܝܬܐ ܕܐܡܪܐ: ‎ας‏
‏ܚܕ ܥܠ ܚܕ ܕܬܬܐܣܘܢ. ܡܛܠ ܚܘܟܒܗ ܕܡܫܝܚܐ ‎Jr‏ ܥܠܝܘܗܝ ‎y LAM‏
‎ta Jes‏ ܡܢ ܠܥܠ.. ܕܢܐܣܐ ܡܪܝܐ ܟܘ̈ܬܡܬܐ ܕܚܛܗ̈ܐ° ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܕܐܝܬ ܠܗ
ܒܢܦܟܗ. ‎Jia ss, ÈS‏ ܘܕܡܡܦܦܩܢܐ ܕܬܫܒܠܚܬܐ ܗܠܝܢ. ܘܕܗܿܢܘܢ ‎NT‏
‏ܘܡܛܥܬܗܘܢ ܐܬܟܝܼܬܒ܆. ܠܬܫܒܘܚܬܐ ‎μυ νο‏ ܩܕܝܫܬܐ ‎Ras‏ ܒܚܐܘܣܝܐ܆̇.
ܐܒܐ ܘܒܪܐ ܘܪܘܚܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ. ܘܢܐܡܪ ܟܠܗ ‎doe»‏ ܐܡܝܢ ܂ ܘܐܡܝܢܼ ܘܐܡܝܢ܀

‎1, My < — 2, NS 05

‎in red 0 0 while the. words which the translator. altered, for the
same reason, inserling one expression in place of another, in order that the
measure of the period might agree with the rhythm of the Greek words, 1
have written for. you in small, tine. letters above he same groups of words
betweeu {πὸ lines, in order that you mav easily know how they. stand in
the Greek whencver you wish lo do soc and how tlie proofs and testimo-
nies from the seriptural words of tbe Holy Seriptures in tlie hymns theinsclves
run, without variation and without addition or diminution.

‎But let everyone who reads this hook iud wishes to fulfil the. seriptural
text that says, © Pray one for another that ve may be healed »*, for the
sake of the love of Christ pray. for the aluresaid industrious sinner, that the
Lord nav heal the stains of the many sins that hie has in his soul: by the
prayers of the doctor and of the translator of these songs of praise and of
those about whom and concerning whom ον were wrillen, to the glory
of ilie. Holy. and co-exssential Trinity, Father, Sou, and Holy Spirit, aud let
aM the people say, e. Amen, and Amen, uiid inen! »

‎ὃς Some words have © (| fallen out iu this sentence. - 2. James v. 16.
