‎ENPLANATORY NOTE. 801‏ ;1389
ܐܝܬܝܗܝܝܢ ܡܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ ‎JN sso‏ ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ܣܐܘܝܪܐ ‎Nel‏ ܒܟܬܒܐ ܗܢܐ.. ܡܐܬܝܢ

‎Jens ‏ܒܝܪ ܐܦܬܘܙܚܐ‎ Kia ‏ܘܚܡܫ. ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܕܫܪܟܐ܂ ܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ,.‎ calo
‏ܫܡܗ̈ܝܗܘܢ.‎ vasos ‏ܘܕܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ ܕܠܐ‎ «κος ‏ܕܦܬܬܪܐ܂. ܘܕܝܘܚܢܝܢ ܐܝܥܕܝܪܐ‎
‏ܘܬܐ‎ LS ια, ‏ܡܢ ܠܬܐ‎ το! «2285 οσο ‏ܒܓܘܗ‎ vea el ‏ܐܝܟܢܐ‎
‎-3ol fsanms) Jos: ‏ܐܘܪܗܝܬܐ ܐܘܟܝܬ ܣܘܪܝܝܬܐ.. ܠ ܣܝܐ ܡܪܝ ܦܘܠܐ‎
NOE ‏ܦܕ̈ܣܝܐ.‎ ex ‏ܒܥܪܘܩܝܐ‎ Li ‏ܒܚܩܝܘܦܝܪܘܣ‎ coke) ‏ܡܕܝܝܢܬܐ. ܟܕ‎
‏ܣܓܝܐܬ|' ܘܪܚܕܡܬ݀‎ Jas. v xs Lo& Lj ‏ܕܝܢ ܘܡܡܦܚܡܝܢ ܠܘܩܒܠ‎
as ‏ܝܥܩܘܟ" ܪܚܡ‎ edo ‏ܥܡܼܠܐ ܒܚܬܝܬܘܬܐ° ܟܡܐ ܕܡܲܨܝܐ܂. ܠܝ ܠܡܣܟܢܐ‎
‏ܘܐܡܢܝܢ ܘܢܬ ܕܝܘ̈ܢܝܐ܆. ܐܝܟ ܡܝܢ ܐ ܕܡܢ ܪܝܫ ܡܝܠܟܝܘܬܗ‎ JLsassl Νὰ»
JL ‏ܟܕ ܒܟܠܗ‎ Ji: Lafon ‏ܕܣܐܠܘܩܘܣ ܢܝܩܐܛܘܪ ܡܿܠܟܐ ܕܣܘܪܝܐ.‎
‏ܘܐܝܠܝܢ ܐܬܬܘܣܶܦܝ‎ AT EE ‏ܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ‎ vh ‏ܘܦܬܪܢܝܬ:‎ Msn ‏ܕܝܠܝ‎
‏ܡܛܠ‎ μα» Lakes: μα... Loos ‏ܕܬܗܼܘܐ‎ y Jas ‏ܡܢܗ ܕܡܪܝ‎
JSsas ‏ܐܝܟ ܕܠܘܬ‎ «Ενα ‏ܕܡܡܠܝܠܐ ܗܢܐ‎ Jl Ma: ‏ܟܪܝܘܬܐ ܘܩܝܦܕܚܣܘܬܐ‎

‎DO Qi ‏ܐ[ ,2 — . ܘ[ ܐܦ ?| ܗܠܝܢ ܕܩ ܬܘܡܝܢ‎ gai — $ Here Lie Text of Bends, the following beinz
iu A only. 17,273 and Val. have our text απ fir as ‏ܫܡܬܗܝܗܘܢ‎ aline, aller νο Vid, adds n ‏ܐܟ‎
‏ܦܘܠܐ ܘܕܡܪܝ ܝܥܫܘܒ ܐܘܪܗܝܐ‎ opes — ἡ MS pl. — 5, MS Melia. — 6, over this word is à cross,

‎AU the 90 of tlie holy Severus that are in (his book are two hundred
and ninetv-five; but the rest are the work of John sou. ef. Aphthonia,
archimaudrite of Kenneshre, and of another John, archimaudrite of the same
eloister, and of others whose names are not known: as they are also. set
down within the book itself. And they have beeu translated from he Greck
tongue into tlie Edessene or Syriac speeeli by the saintly Mar Paul sho was
bishop of the city of Edessa, while he was in the island of Cyprus, in light
from tlie. Persians: and they have been with great eare and industry. core
rected and compared with the Greek maunseripts with all possible aceuraey
by me the poor and sinlul James the industrions, in the year nine hundred
and eiglty-six of the Greeks, aceording to the reckouing from the accession
of Seleucus. Nicator, king ol Syria; tho tlürd : indiction (672; and
with all the earefuluess iu my power I fave distinguished between the words
of the. doetor and. those that were added by. the sime Mar Paul in order
that the imber of. rhyülimical divisions might be equal when the words
are pronouneed, ou accouut of the brevity ἀπ xuecinetness of the expres-
sions of this Syriae language in comparison with: tlie Greck langage, by
writiug the words of the doctor ini ink, aud writing those that were added

‎PATH. OB. T. VIL DEN m
