‎IIYMNS OF SEVERUS, 1200.‏ 672
‎«ντα‏ ܕܛܟ̈ܣܐ ‎sys τ δὰ‏ ܘܢܐܡܪ',. ܩܕܝܫ ܐܢܬ ܩܕܝܫ ܐܢܬ ܩܕܝܫ
ܐܢܬ ‎Es ls, Lis‏ ܐܢܘܢ ܝܡܝܐ ‎Ἄλλο‏ ܐܪܥܐ ܡܢ ܬܫܒܘܚܬܟ

‎jai‏ ܐܢܫܐ܀

‏ܬܘܒ ܐܢ̈ܛܝܦܘܢܐ ܐ̱ܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ ܕܡܣܬܒܪ̈ܢ ܕܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ ܕܝܠܗ ܕܝܘܚܢܢ ܒܪ ܐܸܦܬܘܢܝܐ܀

‏ܪܺܚ — 4 — | — ‎ena‏ ܠܡܪܝܙ ܡܢ ‎Has nues‏ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܬ ‎Los‏ ܡܚ̈ܦܝܼܢ ܡܢܟ
ܦܪ̈ܨܘܦܝܗܝܢ”.. ܟܕ ܠܐ ܡܡܪ̈ܚܢ ܣܟ ܕܢܚܘܪ̈ܢ ܒܢܘܼܗܪܐ ܡܥܠܝܐ ܘܓܢܼܝܙܐ
ܕܐܠܗܘܬܐ ܕܝܠܟ. ܘܠܒܢ̈ܝܢܫܐ ܥܦܪ̈ܢܐ ‎sie‏ ܕܬܬ ܚܙܐ: ܠܘ ܐܝܟ ܡܝܡ ‎pl‏
‎Ji] Met‏ ܐܟܡܐ ‎casa‏ ܛܒܐ ‎y Lusas Ja “ο‏

‏ܩܕܝܫ ܡܪܝܐ ‎di Liber νο‏ ܐܪܒܐ ܬܫܒܘ̈ܚܬܗ. ܘܐܸܬܬܪܝܡ ܐܣ̈ܟܘܬܐ ‎ὑπ‏ ܡܢ ܩܠܐ ܗܽܘ ‎ον‏ ܘܟܝܬܐ ܐܬܡܠܝ ܬܢܢܐ.
ܘܐܡܝܪܬ ‎Lo‏ ܠܝ ‎μὲ boy‏ ܡܛܠ ‎[oli‏ ܐܢܐ܆ ܡܛܠ ܕܒܪܢܫܐ ܐܝܬܝ. ܘܣܦܘ̈ܬܐ ܠܐ ܕܟܚ̈ܬܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܝ ܘܒܡܒܨܥܬ ‎Au pas‏ ܠܗ ܣܦܘ̈ܬܐ
ܛܡ̈ܐܬܐ ܐܢܐ ‎ines‏ ܐܢܐ , ܘܠܡܠܟܐ ܡܪܝܐ ܕܚܫ̈ܠܘܬܐ ‎οσο Re‏ ܠܘܬܝ ܚܕ ܡܢ ܣܖ̈ܦܐ. ܘܒܐܝܕܝܗ ‎(sic)‏ ܐܝܬ ܠܗ ‎"aa‏
‎Jia.‏ ܗܝ ܕܩܠ ܒܟܠܒܬܐ ܡܢ ܡܕܒܝܐ. ܘܩܪܒ ‎ο‏ ܗܐ ‎Note‏ ܗܕܐ ܠܣܦ̈ܘܬܟ. ‎ο‏ ܘܚ̈ܛܗܝܟ ܡܕܟܫܐ.
‎b Corr. pss — 6 Corr. sexe. — d Corr. wi, — e Corr.‏ — .]ܟܕ ‎dl. quise]‏ ܐܡܪܝܢܢ ‎a Corr.‏
‎Li».‏

‎itself, inelining our necks before him, with: eherubim and seraphim ' and the
rest of the spiritual companies let us cry faud say?, « Holy art thou, holy
art tou, holy art thou, Lord of Sabaoth; the heaven and all the earth are
full of thy glory, mercital one ».

‎Again. other antiphonal hipins, supposed to. be the composition
of the same John son of. Aphthonia.

‎208 — iv — I. — ` Praise the Lord from heaven »*. — The many-eved
beasts hide their faces from thee. not daring to look ín any ay at the
sublime aud ‏ܝ‎ light of. Πιν Godhead; and thou. didst consent to show
Ihysell to mou that are made of dust, not according to thy terror, but 'aecord-
ing to our eapaeily *..— Good. Lord of all, praise lo thee!

‎1. 18. VI, 187 LAN e In (he vear in whieh Uzziah tlie hing died I saw the Lord sitting upon a lhrone
high and lifted np; and the house was full of his glars. And serapliim 8tood. round him, six wings
tu one, and six wings Lo another; and with two they lid. (heir feet (sic), and with two they. flew, and
hey cried one to another and said, ‘Holy, lioly, holy. Lord of hosts, of whose glories all fho earth
is 0111 '. Aud tlie Tintels of tho doors were removed before the. voice wherewith they cried, and the
house was filled. with smoke. And 1 s2id, ^ Woe to me, wretehed I! since I repent because I am
n man, and ] have unclean lips and 1 dwell in tlie midst of a people that have foul lips, and | have
seen tho. King, the Lord of hosts, with ms ees, Aud one of the sevraphim was sent lo me. and in
his hands be bad a coul of fire, whieli he took with the tongs from (he allar; and he Louclied my
montli and, said lo me,' Lo! this hatli louched thy. lips: sud. if shall lako away thx iniquily and
(cleanse Uy sins ἦς — 2. Corr, * saying, — ὅν © cxt  ( τς Corr, fin proportion Lo our strength”.

