‎ON THE ΠΟΥ SEVERUS, 657‏ ]2^5[
ܬܘܒ ܐ̱ܚܪܬܐ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܟܕ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ‎ο‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܐܢܫ̈ܝܢ ܐܡܪܝܢ܆ ܠܐܢܫ ‎ο ο το‏

‎deame νω — ἢ — 179‏ ܠܥܥܡ ܩܕܡ ܥܗܙ܀ ܥܡܘܕܐ ܪܒܐ ‎Ja‏ ܘܡܠܝܦܢܐ ܫܪܝܪܐ
ܕܟܠܗ ܬܒܝܠ ܣܐܘܝܪܐ ܚܟܫܝܡܐ.. ܘܡܝܢ ܒܬܪ ܠܝܘܢܝܕܢܝܗ ‎p‏ ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܐܟܬܒ
ܡܿܠܦ ‎à‏ ܩܘܡܘ ܘܠܟܘܢ ܒܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ܚܠܝܨܐܝܬ. ‎a Solo‏ ܘܐܗܼܦܦ݀ܘ ‎δὶ‏
‏ܡܢ ‎las)‏ ܟܘܪܗܢܐ ܕܗ̈ܓܓܝܐ. ‎Cr)‏ ܕܝܢ ܘܣܬܘܪܘ 3 ܘܠܥܒܝܕܘܬ ‎“JR‏ ܗܽܘ
ܕܡܢ ‎αν»‏ ܐܘܟܝܬ ܝܘ̈ܠܦܢܐ ܕܢܣܛܘܪܝܘܣ ܐܬܒܝ̱ܢܝ܆. ‎oce MM‏ ܕܬܪ̈ܝܝ ܟܝ̈ܝܢܐ.
ܘܐܘܕܘ ܕܚܕ ܡܫܝܚܐ ܝܕܠܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܇. ܠܐܠܗܐ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܐܬ݀ܒܪܢܫ ܕܠܐ܂ ܫܘܚܝܠܚ̈ܦܐ..
ܘܠܗ ܟܕ ܠܗ ܕܣܟܕܠ ‎Nos REEL [Lo‏ ܘܕܣܥܝܼܪ ܬܕܡܕ̈ܬܐ. ‎γιὸ‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
ܟܝܢܐ ܕܝܚܠܗ ܕܡܝܠܝܬܐ ܕܐܬܒܚܣܝܪ ܐܟܕܪܙܘ ܥܚܡ ‎δ‏ ܘܕܠܐ ‎E)‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ
ܠܥܡܢܘܐܝܠ ܝܘܡܐ ܐܚܪܝܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܡܕܡ ܐܚܝܪܝܢ ܒܚܕ ܡܢ ‎Xu)‏ ܡܢ ܟܠ ‎ρου‏
‏ܟܠܢ ‎sys‏ ܠܘܬܗ .. ‎J‏ ܡܬܦܠܓܢܐ ܡܪܐ ܟܠ ܒܨ̈ܠܘܬܗ ܕܐܒܘܢ ‎was‏ ܘܐܬ݀ܪܚܡ
ܥܠܝܢ܀

‎1. A ‏.ܦܘܐܛܐ‎ 3, A Solo.

‎Again another on the same holy Severus, composed, as some say,
by a certain «ο μάγο port (ovas) '.

‎194 — iw — VIIL — « He shall abide for ever before God »^. — Tho
great pillar of the churéh and true teaeher of al the world, the wise Sever-
us, through the things that he wrote teaches us even after his death, » 14
bravely all of vou in the faitli; and reject and turn away vour face [rom the
error of the disease of tlie Phantasiasts; and overthrow and demolish also the
towor-ereetion that was built out of the brieks or doctrines of Nestorins, the
error of the Diphysites; and eonfess that vou know one Christ, God the Word
who becane man without variation, and that the same voluntarily underwent
sullerings in tlie flesh and wrought miracles; and proclaim with the doctors
that there is one nature of the Word himself who became inearnate, and that
Emmanuel was not ignorant of the last day or of anything else in any wise
among all things that have come into being ». Let ux all ery to him, » In-
divisible Lord of all, by our father's prayers have pity and merey npon us >

‎1. "Phe absence nf corrections aud. painted letlers shows that no fireek original was known fo James
— 2, Ps. Ext, 8 0

‎PATR. OR, — T. VII. — F. ὃν 19
