‎THE TWIENTY FIETII NONDER. ^01‏ ]39[ ܐ
‎Dae pps Aw qe «e Lust QUUD ὦ dee JI ulis de was (QM ov she‏
‎à 14‏ ܝ > ? ‎Het Te,‏ ܒܝ ‎gre n TES SC A ο pen λος A‏
‎BAS QUE cub 4 Y τω αἱ Lame nul dy tt US audi sis 156‏
‎als ael E Eus et Jl Saba uu‏ ܕܐܒܼܝܐ܀ ‎«A Li e sel ob‏
‎edu Ab Le; D UA a£ gie ἡ οὐ 2 90] Yus ge PG pls cils‏
ܫܰܚ ܢܘܐ 4 ‎LA LA du, al à Las qe LOI UU, Ule Qt‏ 6«
‎us‏ ܕܨ ‎ds D alé‏ ܛܢ ‎Us ὁ del em ο) Οὐ eat gai Le‏
‎ess QU Les Οδ ll‏ : ܗ ‎Ὁ 0 am οὶ Les Lust ο‏
‎ΟὟ quu ὦ»‏ ܕܐܬܘܢ ‎at al at Gb cuui DE a3 ορ‏ ܐܘܳܐ ܘܐ ‎Le «ees‏
‎aus eu NA‏ ܐܘܐ ‎OÙ‏ ܦܨ ‎JB als ὃν ile Gil‏ ܐܨ ‎Je sil‏
‎ὧς : p. : Lil Li yl οἱ‏ ܢܫ ‎al V A 4I IAM BUS à cl‏

‎1-1. S. « and he began to suffer great iorments ». -- 2. S. om. — 3. S. « my
father ». — 4. S. « for 1 tell thee that ». — 5. S. « and help me ». — (ὦ. S. om. —

‎A. P. the bishop, if he is to live let us persuade ourselves to do as he saitli, »

‎and I am ihe rewarder. Ile brought a severe disease and sore pain upon
the man iu the night aud his torments became grievous from the severity
of the pain which came to him in his abdomen, aud he began to cry with
a loud voice saying : « Take me to our holy father Anba Pisentius, for all
these pains have come upon me on his account. O my father, do an act of
kindness to me, for I am brought to the straits of death and its pangs. And
if ye do not take me to him 1 shall not find any relief at all. » And his father
and mother despaired of him, and their hearts were certain that lie would
die. And they said that if he * die or live it is necessary that we content
his heart and comfort his soul in that for which he hath appealed to us,
perhaps if we bring him to him he will sign him with the sign of the cross
and he will be relieved of his torments. And that was at the beginning
of his episcopate, and they brought him to my father who at that time was
stilla solitary in the mountain, and they knocked at the door aud I went
out to them. And his father said to me : « John, do an act of kindness
nd ask a favour ofthe elder for us, for my son is sick and near deáth. ]
eleve by God that if he signed him with the sign of the cross he would
delivered from his sufferings. » And he asked me himself and said to
: « Bring me to my father the bishop Anba Pisentius and he will heal me
my suffering, for I am in this severe pain on his account. » Indeed

‎* fol. 153 a.

‎7. S. « thon dost not take me, — 8. S. om. — 9. « S. since he saith, take me to -

‎* fol. 1532.
