394 THE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [82]

Me ἴων qu tol Οὐ ο UE ΤΟΥ» ‏ܝܨ ܐܥܢ‎ Ys SX Ye ΟἿ ce anal

- a db GO ας UD ‏ܓ‎ 3  - -- - nos

FLD ta ἴα eo NS ‏ܝܫܢ‎ ὁ ΜΙ as 4 Jlel οἱ «UG Sun Les
DAE 4 - 9 3 (9 ‏ܘ‎ 3 Le QUUS JeY LS

cpl es at νο ‏ܐܢܐ‎ al CS ‏ܘܨ‎ dl 0] ‏ܐܫܒܕ‎

» GS due jun ο aimes dài es ὦ» QUID al unm po ὦ M
cul ue Y goal JU «aos ae lues LOS ‏ܐܝܘ‎ x cli JE am ‏ܐܨ‎ A ad
ἱροῦ ole GS Pest al ge Jedi ος o6 aul ebd cub ο ϱ 19
ou JUS ἀρ il 0 dl LUE Ro ‏ܘܐܕ‎ GIE uo Oo οἱ al ὦ Ul
D! de 4 JE 3 JR «8 35 5 ± cols οἱ eum JE tua Ul Cul
“ol sa, JE ο ο... : ‏ܦ‎ 7 d «LI t ± ¬ D

1. S. adds citation |. Thess. 2. 6. — 2. S. « of. the town of Qift ».

honour from men, from you or from any others. Now I would like to tell
yon all the. deeds. of this. blessed and fortunate elder, but the explanation
would be too long and the narrative verbose : but as the holy book tells
us : » The works of God are excellent, display them to give him glory '. »

* fol. tz bh. "Therefore 1 relate 10 you a little ° of the many, because of the virtues of this
honcured man, and tlieu our discourse will be finished.

The Dent second. Wonder of our holy father Anba Pisentius,
may his intercession be ieith us. Amen.

One day there was present with him à man from the distriet of Qift aud
his son who was travelling with him.

The youth had reached the age for marriage. They both entered. and
threw themselves at his feet, and tlie saint said to the youtli's father « Why
hast thou not found a woman as wife for iliv son? » Now that man was
of the people of the eastern land. The man answered and said : « O father,
up to now lie. is bnt a child, he has not reached knowledge, although he
is polite and well bred. » Our holy father Anba Pisentius, the accurate oue,
said : « Thy son is a fornicator, and there is fruit therefrom, if. he will

* fol. lisa, but say the truth. » The ian said to hii : * « ΠῚ he lias committed fornication
I will deliver him into thy hands to deal with him as thou seest fit. » And

1. Tobit 12. 7.

