* fol. 163 b.

* fol. 16% a.

* fol. 163 b.

* fol. 161 a.

414 ΤΠΕ LIFE OF 5. PISENTIUS. [102]

i ou uie vas di ani cui. su ul ος Mel ds ha cias QUU
ce οἱ UE ο UE ga lal el sel y Cale UE LL clus PS ὁρ
oU ol Um d'u AS ele ST Οἱ dl ases be mE ο °
p^ ‏ܝܐ‎ Oso. ph oed Sorel 08 diei lE Un able Qi ϱ ΟΝ ἆ LS
DE ὁ Xx les de pois dé Qe ‏ܐܫܐ ܡܨ‎ dé ὃν loss ᾧ
but jé ps LS ὁ καῇ OU οἱ uad οἱ» OU de 46 Gil LU
= Ge) cb El Je 66 c Las d ‏ܐܬ݁ܰܘ ܨܚܐܟ‎ Jb LI at Và
bb al dl, ‏ܚ‎ cu cbe dA qu al cub UU XI ee e:
Ae! ‏ܕܨܨܐ‎ Jet ess LAl ° ade olus u$ ‏ܠܐܘ‎ ae ‏ܘܕܨ‎ cmm ét οἱ obl
ο ‏ܝ‎ 7 ql 10 JUS xe. ‏ܢܝ‎ οἱ ‏܀‎ las &le Let » abs
«a SI ^ AY ‏ܢܣܚ‎ N ly _ Q^ Nl là Ji B». οἱ ο) TES b ls
A or^. Ve ‏ܘ ܫ‎ 1d ‏ܫܡ ܚܝ‎ lola Vo co ? dos CARA ol

21
ܒ

1-1. B om. — 2. B « in church and especially... ».

with inen, aud 1 spat and did not know upon whom it fell, and at once
my mind failed and aud my tongue speech and my head turned backward
so that | no longer knew any man at all. And when thou didst pray ἡ for
me my senses became calm and allowed mo to talk with 11100. »: And !
said to him : « Truly many men in the world are men by nature but lik
Πιο beasts in ignorance and scantÿ understanding, they do not her
where they are, and thy reason is responsible when there is a. going fort
from thy month. Dispose thy life as is litling and remember the word o
the word of the Lord when he spake by the mouth of David the prophet
that « man who is in honour doth not know and is like the beasts withou
reason and has imitated tliem ' ». Thou wast standing at the altar and 0
didst spit and expectorate and didst not know that when thou dit:
eject spittle from thy mouth thou didst hit the wing of the cherubim (si
aud he struek thee with his wing

e
from God, and so, thou hast. incurred ° condemnation. » And at ouce |

and ] suppose thy judgement went for

sent for his family and lriends to bring a beast of burdeu and remove h
to his house and in the space of three days he left the body and 100. À
our father great saint Shenule said in one of his sermons 11141 it is 1
permitted that any of the clergy. spit before the altar, nor may they bl
the nose to purge the uncleanness of their heads, nor may any of the cle

1 Ps. 48. 20.
