[65] THE SIXTEENTH WONDER. 371
Ys ‏ܣܕ‎ Ds ‏(ܕܠܘܩܕ‎ US lude Re ΟἹ ΝΟ Qui ib ‏ܕܐܐܚ‎ y.
o! ‏ܨܢ‎ Ou «εἰμ dal 1: νῦν ‏ܚܚ ܐܝܐܝ‎ ΣΝ Y, ‏ܬܚܬ‎
‏ܫ ܕܡ‎ χο AN ‏ܝ‎ mobiles per dons 0 pre Less
ὃ δν bé di ‏ܒܠܐܐ ܣܝܠ‎ due ge bmx ‏ܨܢ‎ 908 Ji LS ‏ܥܕܝ ܝܐ‎
opt Gode = Gide GA pe ll LUE dé 030
LI vie JV AN XXE HN Ab ‏ܐܚܐܘ‎ Joel ue mobs Duy
VLC ‏ܢܡܘܝܘ‎ pl Gb Al ‏ܚܨܢ‎ UE ‏ܐܚܐܕ‎ penis pe A dé Lis
3l Ds oye ϱ sb S ‏ܠܚܕܐ‎ sis οἱ ual OU de «Ub JE LS LX) Qui Gl
ob ed ‏ܗ‎ > CE Qul | Ur LS amy ‏ܓ‎ de iuo ολ Ge Cul
oh Al mes Gil mau mL μὲ Cet QUU uu) Ye, Ye ‏ܐܝܐ‎ n ο
pf uk ‏ܝܐ‎ ule burn um ce less ° ‏ܐܘܳܐ ܐܨ ܢܝ̈ܨܝܨܐ‎ Gi GUI tal Ul
d (eb uud. Ὁ Ὁ VEA οι ne Dur luy ‏ܕܐܒ ܝܕ‎ Jé pures

Behold, you covet, and fornicate, and act wrongly, and the fathers amongst
you know of the fornication of their sons and condone them, and do not
instruct and exhort them and make them marry with reputable women
according to the usage of people who are obedient and chaste. And so it is
that they become partners with them and take pleasure in them and approve
them in their rebellious deeds and offences and commit sin. As the apostle
wrote saying, « Do not abstain from deeds of sin only'. » But they are glad
and take pleasure in those who do them, and thus fathers also with those
who do so and mothers also know that their daughters commit fornica-
tion and consent with them in deeds of fouluess and acts of wickedness
destructive of the soul. And because of these very sins God has forsaken
and forgotten them, and will deliver them to the ferocity of the barbarians,
and bring on them all trials and sufferings. And 1 say to you, as God said
by the tongue of the prophet, thatfor all these things if they (ye) do not
accept correction, then he will bring on you severe plagues of diverse
kinds without any remedy. Further also 1 bear witness to you, not as a
prophet or apostle but as a fellow man not worthy of the priesthood which 1
exercise, | do not commend you in this if ye do not change and turn away
rom .your sins. * So repent of what ye have done in the past and each one of
rou bring forth fruits meet for repentance, and bewail often, and let fasts

1. ! Thes. 5. 22 (ἢ

PATR. OR. — T. ΧΧΙΙ. — F. 3. 25

* fol. 135 b

* fol. 136a.

* fol. 135 b.

* 101. 136 a.
