* lol. 160 a.

* fol. 160 b.

* fol. 160a.

* fol. 160b.

410 TItE LIFE OF 5. PISENTIUS. 1981
AU o6 QE dl SU unm Ul, Ul ΤΩΝ δ JV sU Je di e
an A ALLP al, Lai ΟἹ eel Gal ν Qo le (a LS (οὐ
sie Db aJ Ux al} ade x35 aP ἀ col ul Real JG las
pU 9395 δρ ‏ܘܐ ܬܨܢܐ‎ Am Jde Lo ὦ cx cas ‏ܐܢܝ‎ ais acr ‏ܐܝܒܘ‎
‎Lib ‏ܘܕܨ‎ qu» ds hs del, 355 été ο Cast 4 »G6 QUI co ὁ"
NECI E ost qum Ls ri Ys gode exit LIL ai d
JUS (UE ce - pum em co) 1 er ci (©) - dé κ)
HU ius Ge JA Ge Je VAN ‏ܠܐܘ‎ ος οὐ ail ‏ܐ‎ ail
` Al sus ὁ QU lt ol UE Ge al ml L Gin dis ο) ca
οἱό - ail sul Er au Cdt Qi Es UE lam aus EX dll
£f ds cub «uua ‏ܦܨ‎ qa οἷδε aM ὁ ‏ܕܸܒ‎ ced dé ul en
ἈΠῸ ‏ܐܘ‎ Gb our Ub Li qs xe Lot m. qb A aue G lox

Aue Lis Qu eam Que 5ο bel ὁ Ch GUN 4% pol 0 ss

a state of wickedness and obscenity like the former once. And when
that priest ° caine. to the door of the cell where we were, believe me,
O my bretliren and beloved, we perccived the odour of a very loatliesome
stench. And our father the blessed elder said to me: « llave you ever
perceived that a smell issues from him like that from dead hodies, and [ου
along time past it lias diffused its odour from this man?» And hio reproached
as he stood at the entrance of the door and said to him: « Go to thy house
and remove thy smell and cleanse thyself, and repent sincerely of thy
wickedness with weepiug and sorrow and many tears. » Then that priest
swore solemnly so as to cause fear to those wlio heard and said : « From
the day my wife died I have never defiled my bodv at all with fornication. »
And the saint said : « 1 believe that the eve of God which ° never sleeps
condemns thee and decrees thy condemnation, that thou mayest confess
what thon hast done unwillingly. » Believe me, my brethren, that befor
inen slept that night God senl tlie. very dread. rulers to that disobediei
priest aud great fear struck him so that he was tortured in every part 1
he was in sore torments as they pricked him with spears and pikes. τσ
lie was distressed in mind and arose eame and fell prostrate at tlic. f
of our father Anba Pisentius and confessed to liim saviug : « Behold, to-
itis three vears that 1: have been in uncleanness and venture on the ser
of holy rites and the other offices of the sanctuary. » And when he à
