[127] THE THIRTY SIXTH WONDER. 439
‏ܕܝ ܕܒܼܘ‎ dl te οὐδ des ule & Lu Gil EU able Li CS JUI
Bin ‏ܟܐܦܐ‎ be (Que OÙ qe dsl Lau Ci & cae ‏ܘܐ‎ unn
Vel dl als ils Al LL dt de ο κ.α.
Us Gel ele AME dos Qu ο acl b ‏ܠܐܚ‎ Juil Ὁ UG. de us

Ms Qu ou D δ E LE ‏ܐܢ‎ sue ΟΝ Sl cuml Gal dej
cox a) el Lt Ge - AVE - ὁ EU ±) Lu 535 ol οἱ ×
ὦν Dé de) (^od gl Vs als ‏ܒ‎ Vs 0 LOG Cake «τω 188 a.
UJ) 2x aus aile Qe ‏ܐܝܘܟ‎ du Cia HS Qul Mia cl c Ls
38 D LAU os obi ως ‏ܠܐܘ‎ SU Ὁ luxe ‏ܘܕܨ‎ cio! lis ‏(ܨ‎ ὡς
mie Que ¿| 490 ‏ܚܬ‎ Qe UR] Gil ul ‏ܐܕ‎ alt ‏ܩܥܡ‎ LRU ‏ܠܐ܀ ܝܨܨ‎ Uc
e ὃς Gub. cie Gt de que Dies DS a8 ‏ܐܨ‎ cJus G6 Jb κα
Ys qe le Οὐ] ab cue) Gi QJ el le ‏ܦܨ‎ ὦ ἃ c Al Li
‏ܚܕܐ‎ xml uote ‏(ܐܘܩܵܬܝܟܢ |& ܐܕ‎ Cl coda ls si ges ‏ܐܘ‎ uil 55. una

now in this world that we may punish thee canonically as is laid down
for the man who has had intercourse with a married woman, according
to what is decreed in the holy canons. Let it be so that tliou conceal
thy sin here and disclose it in the day of judgement, that great and dread-
ful day when the rulers of darkness shall attack thee and the avenging
angels of hell disturb thee. » Then that man answered and said : > 1 will
speak to thee, O my father, as though I stood before God and his angels. »
Then that man confessed the whole truth that Satan, the enemy of all
good, deceived my heart with the wicked thought that 1 should commit
fornication with this woman, so I sont for her with this purpose, and
talked with hor, and she said to me; « My husband has made me swear
that 1 should not be uufaithful to him nor defile his bed, nor dishonour iny
ody with a strange man. ° And so I am not able to do this deed lest ne *fol. 183a
iscover me alter the oath lie forced me to swear. » And when she had said
is | went away from lier aud thanked God Most Iligh and was content
ιά glad of heart because God had saved me from committing this sin,
d laeted honesily with her. Again accidentally 1 mot her passing in
path and she said to me : « 1 have considered and another plan (came
e), and 1 know ways whereby I shall be safe. » And I said to her :
[hat is that?» And she said to me «1 have found a way io swear to
usband and he will not deteot meat all. I will say to him, ‘In truth,
this holy altar, no one has ever lain with me save thou’, then 1 will
