* fol. 165 b.

* fol, 166 a.

* [0]. 65 b.

* fol. 188 ἃ.

410 THE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [104]
al ως LU Jude us ‏ܘܕܨ ܠܐܘ‎ Lie Us «etu XR ‏ܕܘܘ̈ܐܝܘܕܐ‎ La
οὐ. ps DS «6 ὁ puel Gil pol og La del La bets
Lies Qum per lus ‏ܒ‎ eJ cuo lé qe pis glad cat
Ores ue ous quu! SI ule ll ‏ܠܝܐ‎ ile οὐδ pd ed ‏ܝܐ‎
‎Ob ee Qum per ym κῶν Que SU ele cul ie cs
50 (és quil Os Ge LV LV Al Xe ον qmm yes
AU opte ds se (de KE il AUD ο ps dons
Ol Des GS ο Y VI ne Dee ο...
Std SU vi mam UG Jib «Ub ς δὲ des Q6 2,42 vx (b ‏ܡ‎
‎We A uie 750 ὃν 9 (0 UE Le bs CA ad adl,
ddl six Cul LG ° ‏ܠܫܐ‎ eos Ul «SUD ὁ AE sadi Lis
‏ܝܨ‎ Les ol qi Uo m Uu xf. Dis lbs race DS. cai)
‏ܚܢ‎ κους» © él LUN ms Lo us &§1 let L pel vi

woman also, they approach with lack of reverence and with lack of the
fear of God and without life to the holy living mysteries, and receive them
unworthily and without the permission required of Christ in every place.
And they are defiled with various kinds of crimes, for there are people who
commit fornication with those who are not theirs, and others who oppress one
another, and detain what does not belong to them, and others who swear
perjured oaths for shameful profit, and others are astrologers and
sorcerers, and others are quarrclsome, and others have intercourse with
males, and others hate one another without cause, and others * bring false
charges against one another before powerful and unscrupulous judges so
as to cause their goods to be wasted, and they laugh at and deride one
another and ridicule the creatures of God who made them in his own
image aud likeness, and liken them to dogs and pigs. And he says
that they who commit these crimes are called Christians and yet arc not at
all worthy of the oblation. But all these faults bring down on us the
wrath of God and inflict on us all these troubles and miscries. But I have
desired to cast a little offering into the treasury enriched by the mighty
deeds aud wonders which this- great one amongst the bishops, Anba
Piseutins, did so * that all men gatliered in this holy church may contemplate
the favours of his glory and dignity, and that his blessing may encircle us
andaccompany us until we grow old. 1 affiriu, O beloved, that he did not
love the glory ofour empty reputation, but the glory and excellent service

