* fol. 185 a.

*fol.182 b.

* fol. 182a.

° fol. 182 b.

438 THE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [126]
gie Au cui Gil à ορ A GA AY LU CB all Li e asl ἃ
cb eb o JS o9 Qo AU ὑλῶν ‏ܨܐܘ‎ ci ‏ܨܐ‎ Es GA Us AUI
BE pis Ql a une Lil cile des 0 Je Hub ets lU als
DS ‏ܝ ܨ‎ οσον dae, cu m Lo uem 219 : ‏ܕܨ‎ des RA WT
«| res οἱ) UJ 53 ντα] JU des ab ων As AE DI pi ‏ܕ‎ al Je e
O3 les ‏ܐ ܩܫܶܨ‎ αὐ DIS 42 ΟὟ «JUS μα." οἱ SYL EE eo 3: ¬ 7
Et LEE ae, (ὁ Jb al pond ul as G αὐ ‏ܐܐ̈ܨ‎ el ‏ܐܦܫܶܐ ܘܕܨ‎
ὅν ὦ ὦ ll Ὁ SUE ὦ} ὁ JS autel sal ο) ονἱ EU ai ‏ܝܐ‎
‎dis Ji 0 Ue JE ums MS ‏ܘܕܨ‎ Las Ve ‏ܨܐ‎ οὐ LOS Of γιὲ ge
ω JS SY que L Jul lle JUS Je Us Ub le cst, μὰ
Gelb Cole (s dir οἱ BU dass e ds ‏܀‎ élukls ci As «is
lie à ΟΥ̓ Le a GA Li el Gal Jus οἱ ‏܀‎ JE LRU Gil

me thou unclean and adulterous onc. The Lord God who destroyed by
the javelin which was in the hand of Phincas tlie priest, he who therewith
slew the fornieator, will soon destroy thee. But tell me the truth and
thou wilt be saved, — what hast thou done with this man's wife? — lest
anger come upon ihee and God make the earth to open its mouth and
swallow thee, like Dathan and Abiram and all their people. And this is
not for thee only, but for all whose state is like thinc.» And his eyes
glowed upon him like a blazing fire when he looked at him and he knew
what he had done ° sinfully with the unfaithful and dissolute woman. No
his face was pale and like the colour of saffron from fear of what he sa
in the countenance of the saint and righteous one, so that he uriuate
along his legs. And my father answered and said : « Cast him out of 4h
door without enquiring further about his state, for that wicked one h:
diselosed all that he did with that dissolute woman. » And he said

him :« O thou rebellious and unclean hypocrite, tell us truly. witho
lying, only what thou didst to hier yesterday before coming to us, les
say, Let fire come down from heaven and consume thee forthwith. ν TI
that man said : « O father sir, 1 will tell thee all that 1 have done 4
make know what] have comnitted. Judgement is thine, and in. thy ἢ
is power to punish me for the sins which | have done. » My father
to him : « Say the truth ˆ and confess bofore us tlie olleuce thon hast comm
