* fol. 177 a.

* fol. 177 b.

* fol. 177 a.

* fol. 177 b.

432 THE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [120]
MSN 7 5 ο ο uil αλ...
A Je vs M ses Je Us es LU ‏ܟܐܝܐ‎ CA ‏ܐܬܟ‎ 9) ὧδ Xe Ab
ah» ‏ܐܘ‎ JE CM dl LE Us pe Die pe Xa) 448 Ci Dix ‏ܕܦ‎
‎ch Gt Gare de o QUY ολ oil ‏ܐܢ ܐܢܐ‎ ae ῦ cuve
sul Le ce ‏ܐܘܚܨ‎ ule cl Οἱ Ja Je ass elle μου
de Qe Mm detail LE db dum ὁ ο ol els D 5 τῷ xb eal
ὁ el Qi JU edit ar qul all ΟὟἹ que V dés «al a LS ὁ edi
PON EE «9 ERES de cb Dal LUE οὐ SY ab
es de Gal al Je ΟὟἹ Jus le En ues Doll uut οὔ ορ
AY Los Les deb ur OÙ de Lois pol Ge Mies, Dii) 5x οἱ
οἱ ‏ܝ̈ܗܨܐ‎ OÙ οἱ ‏ܐܨ‎ O5 des Goal Gb pi ‏ܐܚܨ‎ αἱ del ‏܀‎ Ji
ss mil Ji Gul eos poil 9) cUm ados Ale Lea al

1-1. D. om. — 2. D. smixarkenion.

him to thee, I believe if thou wilt sign him with the holy cross God most
high will heal him by thy pure prayers. » "Therewith he gave command
saying: « Bring him hither. » And when that man entered, bearing his
son upon his shoulders, he was suffering groat pain and cried out with
aloud voice, and when the child saw * the father he said to him, (and he
was erying), « O sir, father, Anba Pisentius, have pity on me because 1
suller greatly. » Believe me, O my brothren and beloved, I saw that his
tears reached down his cheek bones until they came to the boy, because
of the greatness of the pain displayed whilst that ravenous beast guawed
his entrails. And the father's heart was grieved with grief greater than
that of his mother and he said : € O sir, holy father. I have sinncd. Do
thou plead to the Lord for my son, as he is near death and thou knowest
that lie is my only son. » The boy was just at the poin® of death, and
was very handsome. And the father said to the man, the boy's parent :
« Art thou able to guard thyself and he prudent from to-day instead ο
acting ignorantly ever again?» * The man, the boy's father, said to him
« Yes indeed, 0 my holy laiher. » And tliereupon my father commande
them to open the door of the church and bring in the child and lay hi
down outside the veil of. the door of the altar. And our father went in
the altar for a long while and prayed to the Lord carnestly and intercedé
