[73] THE EIGIITEENTII WONDER. 385
EL dé al Lol de LS Lie cob ος οὶ ex co d
gite ΟἹ ‏ܐ ܠܐܩ̈ܘܚܨܢ‎ ll dues tail ‏ܕܘܨܐ‎ οὐ de null CL ὁ
αμα die ue qb ded ‏ܟܠܡ‎ ge p ‏ܠܝܐ‎ ee Le ὡς ‏ܐ‎
‎Qi Qi ον) uui s bal ‏ܕܠ‎ lae lose Qi QA οὐ ‏ܐܣܐܢ ܐ‎
ele QUÀ Qe a δ οἱ At ces de 4h MNT cas ) 9 τοι. tata.
A bé ον ce Qi cu get o di JG 51 Let ‏ܢܝܹܐ‎ ἆ HE uel
o^ u$ ee NI Lt ‏ܣܨ ܐܨ‎ ο Ὁ QS «δὴ bist LS Les
νο ‏ܐܝܐ‎ as Gé Gomes plat (Ji Es des Das ael
JE alt LEA c ob qe NM SN ‏[ܢܨܐ‎ aav gama 4 JE 1
ο) αἱ ‏ܡܢ‎ ο) Ὁ UP ο) ο ‏ܐܢܒ‎ ὦ Si Ge sil
vex ὁ quU abb 45 G de ‏ܕܠ‎ die dis Y "E" «ο dA ¬
U ‏ܥܨ‎ οὐδ enu qe cuo Gé ab ‏ܐܝܐ ܦܨ‎ MAS cue cA : aui

name was Damianus. He laid many charges upon the helpless peasants
and took away land marks from the grass fields when he measured them
by'the pole and measuring rope. And the holy Anba Pisentius many times
reproved lim that he might seek forgiveness, and he did not listen. but
persisted in deeds of iniquity by unjust violence, aud was very insolent,
and made no amendment of his sin, but measured the earth with unjust
measure by omitting * and clipping, and in the hardness of his heart * fol. 1412.
did not take heed at all to what God said by the tongue of Isaiah, that one
of great sweetness amongst the prophets, when he said: « Woe to lim
who j joins house to house and unites field to field so as to seize those which
are near'. » And one day there came to the presence of our father the
bishop all the chief men from the country districts and the cities, and that
overseer surveyor entered, and two slaves accompanied him. And when

the saint saw him he said to him with indignation and threatening: «Ὁ
thou ravenous wolf, believe me, all the ravenous wolves cat their prey of
the cattle, whilst thou dost ravage the souls of men. But | protest by the
Son of the living God who shed his divine blood for us, he will not pardon
thee but will destroy in the measure of life, because thou dost take pleasure
in the affliction of the poor whom thou hast treated with severity. » And
he sobbed and trembled at the judgement which the saint pronounced upon

1. Isai 5. 8.
