* [0]. 138 b.

* fol. 159 ἃ.

* fol. 158 b.

* fol. 159 a.

408 THE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [96]
ο) Ja Duo cx οἱ ode Y ue uad! Suae 5299 e lobes al 953
sm eX oA «Y die ‏ܣܝܐܘ‎ 6 ΟΝ QU QU D Mise abel ‏ܝܨ‎ po is
SUE pu Ad Gill e JE SUA llb He GR ‏ܦܨ‎ Lis né Les ὁ
HU uU ὁ ch dob οὗ QUE d qu UE ‏ܐܒܢܐ ܘܕܨ‎ pd uad cob
: LUE "ls οἱ οἱ c οἱ co £. d ous lo quu ΟἹ
(de eie cul Gi ος ge Y udis d dE uum ο) JU ‏ܘ‎ cl ‏ܐ‎ uud
al AI = no UJ ace YR US xe Ab cle Eat a» G3 Jis,
"u^ ὁ gd U dà ο fe qe Je We QUA μεθ X lis c3, ks
e cube QU OÙ ‏ܐܘ‎ Jus Ge Ul al Ub cub ‏ܐܫ̈ܕܐ‎ x LS all ss
JE did au Gus loce D CS ΟἿ ο ο...
bas 49 ole ‏ܐܨܘ‎ LA ‏ܘܘ ܐܢܨܐܡ ܕܐ» ܘܦܨ‎ pi al ‏ܩ‎ De, σαν dab VI
CUS al. LUI τς us 2859 qe X QU s >> A ‏ܚܝ‎ Α οἱ
AA ‏ܐܝܕܬ‎ eMe ob Eb lal dE πο οἳ ο από dt ps nde all ual

aud visit him, And the saint conversed with me about him (saying): « I
heard ἃ voice one day which said to me concerning him that if such a onc
comes to vou to-day do not receive him with thee, because he is a eriminal
and is in great uncleannes. » And as he was saying this to me, bchold,
that man, the priest, came and knocked at the door calling, but the saint
did not permit anyone to open the door to him for a long time and was
obdurate in that. As for me, 1 saw him incline his head and sign to me
as to who was outside the door. And 1 stood before my father and asked
him ° sayiug : « O my father, dost thou bid me open to him?» 116 said to
me : « Go and say to him, Confess first the uncleanuess in which thon
dost live, and afterwards 1 will converse with thee. » And great was
his fear and grief when he heard that speech. Then he stillened his neck
and hardened his heart and swore ἃ great oath which caused fear to those
who heard it, and said : « l am not in any uncleauness as thou dost assert. »
''hen the holy Anba Pisentins said to him : « Ile, by whose name thou hast
sworn, will put 11100 to shame and reveal thy affair to all inen that they
may perceive and consider. » And a few days after the people of his city
suspected that he met with a woman and went to her, as usual, to sleep 1
her. But God, — blessed be he, — desired to put him to shame and make
his affair known to all men. 'So [τὸ took off his elothes and slept with he
that night. And. therewith God bestowed sliggish sleep ou. him and h
simbered aud. slept until. the darkness. before the dawn. broke, and thi
