[119] THE TIHRTY TIIIRD WONDER. 431
= mue lbs ^ AXE SIME Ts Gps ute ‏ܦܬܐ ܐܚܪ‎ (Gb ‏ܥܨ‎ Lac καρ
els Gus we «d A uu LT vs die ‏ܝ‎ a 3 Le LUAM 56
do deo εν boue 4 ‏ܐܨ‎ ul LOUE «eb CI UL 5} US alus
sé ‏ܘܐ‎ Leur Y. Li p ad Um al JG «aul hus aol vue
moe ble Gé QAAE QU os ο. ου ο”
‏ܝܒ‎ lie 5 3 quee ΑἹ ‏ܠ‎ 5 Jet Mis dam, als dÓ ὁμ
el EUR us AL pis po An be te δ δαν CSV C$ UA
‏ܒܝܨ‎ La ο ‏ܕܐܥ‎ ue ‏ܨ‎ uu Mo Hs hall six ee ex ὁ οἱ ΟΥ̓ μῷ LS
αἱ AN ὃν el s AU ὁ nmm ede Re eb ci) ὁ L5 Ji
d Ji lé < 79 (n - ae ο! 25,5. 53 Sube Ὁ] 9 ey ὦ»
Joss τ 5 ds Let UL ‏ܨ ܨ‎ al Js Ul. μὰν Daum ‏ܕ‎ US L
>= δν ‏ܒ‎ iu ule ‏ܒ‎ Gan οὶ 4 els UD GI sl eb, al ἆ

1-1. B. om. — 2. B. ‏.ܘܪܒ ܘܙܘ‎ — 3. D. miasieovc.

wretched 0116 comes, and what sins he has committed so that he has passed
these fourteen days in sore pain, * and as his father has committed sius,
God has brought his sins upon his son so that God might cause his heart
to suller for it, and has distressed his bowels and members with burning
pain. » And 1 answered saying : € O father, 1 have heard that his father
was a well favoured man in whom was mercy and who gave alms. » And
the saint said : « Verily ye have read and do not understand what ye
read. Hear what the holy gospel says: Ye see men outwardly righteous,
pt their inner parts are full of filth' : the servants of this man inform me
ucerning his state that he slandered a poor man before one of the mighty
nces; it is now fourteen days since he did this sin and slandered this
r man. Let him know now that the day he did this the plague came
n his son. e And this child ate and drank “at the time of his supper with
parents and slept at night; and at midnight he awoke from sleep and
: » Tam thirsty », and there was a jug of water at his head, and it
observed to lack a cover, and there went into the mouth of that jug
le lizard, and when the boy took the jug of water to drink, then
zard went down into his stomach and entered his entrails : » Then
ο him: « Do an act of righteousness and kindness and bid me admit

atth. 23. 28 sqq.

“fol. 176 a.

*fol. 176 b.

*fol. 176a.

* fol. 176 b.
