*fol.183 b.

* fol. 18^ a.

* fol. 183 b.

“fol. 181a. did not draw near ` and art thou able also to set his heart at rest and drink

4^0 THE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [128)
ciel LU d» οἱ Qe € cu) OÙ ο ὁ Le dé ee ang
Je d JG ον QUA ai vie clé da Ud ο el AU él ‏܀‎
‎AX» Qul ‏ܐܚܨ‎ uu el cle J'EN ‏ܕܐܠܐ܀‎ uet SEE uml ‏ܕܐܨ ܕܐܕ‎ QU
JU3 «Jb uude des D AS cul ce a8 ‏ܢܝܨܢ‎ alé qe les sms Qe
Je 6 à uli me ‏ܒ‎ uel m ‏ܝ‎ can 5 cub δα) ul
‏ܟ‎ cé ddl ὃν ‏ܨܐ ܐܨ‎ οἱ ‏ܐܠܨܢ ܘܙ‎ ον TEE PR ‏ܐܨ‎
‎Jets Game US LS ο. Gil del Le lits Ἰρῖό Lis dal
LJ ele des) La cub δ lisa Lust Qi Css au GI Jus al
ut αμ ο ἀφ ga ο Jet ‏ܦܬܐ‎ ες
de pds οἱ ae ἰὼ at 6 al vis ‏ܘܕ‎ ων, δ] 4 Ae. gl el
Uk Li qub Gil Ge uen ‏ܐܪ‎ GW JUS JS ann d xD 4 ci
at ‏ܨܘ‎ οἱ MAJ BL 6| JL US] 66 Lt LS ol 4 ‏ܠܐܒܚ‎ ο ΔΩ} ce
gl ον ο LE OUS (οἱ ὁ ο Cue ul οἱ) Gaël pub d ον

bow down upon my face and say secretly in my heart, 1 have had carnal
intercourse with such a one’, and 1 shall be justified.' "Then it happened
to us what I confessed to thee, and God has disclosed “it. » Our father
said to him: « Hast thou done this sin by night or by day? » The man
said to him: « By night and by day. 1 do not conceal anything from
thee, by God, whatever I have done to-day or yesterday in the new Israel
up to the present moment, and what I did yesterday thou didst know
before sending for me at all. » My father said to the husband : « Indeed
thou hast heard with thy ears all her deeds, kecp quiet until'the man go
in to her and plead with her. And my father arose and went out and
I went with him outside to the place of the Cross, and the elergy of Qilt
went with us, and the man who had lain with thé woman, and her husband;
so that we were all assembled inside the monastery. And we all stood
still, and my father said to the woman : « Behold, the soul of thy liusband
was glad when this man said that he was innocent concerning thee and

the holy oil and swear to him that thou art free from this suspicion? —
if so, then 1 will undertake that he be reconeiled with thec. » And th
woman spake to liim angrily like Jezchel, who was not ashamed at Eli
the prophet wlien lio came to her at a certain time, but said to him: Thon
art Elias and 1 am Jezebel; « I have said to this one whom God «destro:
before the sun set to-day, that 1 swear to thee in whatever place 1
