[91] TUE TWENTY FIFTU WONDER. 403
del ὦν 3 SLE quls LS ‏ܒ‎ VS UST ΟΝ dul US n e ele «
ON ule piis ce ‏ܕܨܨܐ‎ LS mel JE ES dub t ‏ܐܐܟ‎ SY deo
ge db alt LE hs ‏ܝ ܐ‎ ο dé οἳ Soy ^ XL,
ον Bd ele Ul qeu b νοεῖ 43 uu E pu D UE élites
Ue eX OY SU Jub US ΟἹ Das Bb 2) qui Leu Vas és QUE ‏ܨܐ‎ cms
c^ Ob Sie cul ‏ܨܐ‎ eh qu eui ο ‏ܐܚܒ ܢܘ‎ UY de ὁ» let GA
SL Que Y. SL Qus ‏ܘܐ‎ ls LS Gé ‏ܕܐ‎ «X» xs ὦ; οὐ DE Das
Ul ole qub L uu os s dl ds Kilt qeu b libens ΟἹ as ἃ
Ys ‏ܚܨܐ‎ QS 7 cA cols (QR c4 4$ qui! t del J JU ‏ܕܨܘ‎
‎Uis ο solia eh me s sh Pan dU ( ‏ܐ‎ QE DUI cuz
(ly ‏ܒ‎ qe s QU ces Ub gut Ul - «sas; ‏ܠ‎ Glass Uns

1. S. πποῦτε. — 2-2. S. « God shall make her acceptable to thee and if shc ineline
to thee and conceive and bring forth a male child to thee, the report spread about

* fol. 155 b.

* fol. 155 a.

her is not true, and believe mo, she is a free woman.: lf however she shall bear thee

| a daughter ». — 3. S. + « but hath defiled her marriage ». — 4. S. inserts Nu. 5. 12. sqq.
— 5. S. « from 1110 saint ».

thou didst suspect her. And I say unto thce also, in order that thy heart
may be set at rest and at peace concerning thy wife, — for men, my son,
consider the outward appearance only, and the Lord, blessed be he,
looks on the heart, — when "thou dost return to thy house, take back
thy wife and be reconciled to her, and do thou forgive, and cast all thy
care on the Lord Jesus Christ. They have informed me, O my son, that
she hath conceived by thee. Now if thou restore her to thy house and
she give birth in due course and bear a daughter, then [ say to thee do
not remain with her, but cast her forth from the house, for she is not frce
from the suspicion wherewith thou last suspect her : but if she bear a son,
she is guiltless and free and blameless. And if these words do not satisfy
your heart and please your soul and thou wouldest make her take an oath,
then, O my son, let her take oath, I do not forbid thee. Indeed, O my son,
| know that she is innocent. » And the man said to him: « O my father,
my soul is satisfied with her since ° thou hast spoken to me about her, and
shall be disobedient to thec no longer. Then he received a blessing and
eparted from him, he and his son, and went home and glorified God and
s saint our father Anba Pisentius. And when he returned home he was

“fol. 155 b.

* ful. 155 ἃ,
