° [83] THE TWENTY SECOND WONDER. 395
Gul! & dit dl aub Ge el UE ces cul ‏ܘܐ‎ QJ dés ali GA
Ge St GA ua al és Qe aq (e (3 Gi OÙ €! as GU cs
die! dab Gel dur UD αν 96 que ‏ܝܕܨ‎ Le ‏ܠܐܚ‎ cB GA ul ¥ by
Qu seul Y ( 0 L (25 3 ds LU 4 nS cu cul o6 θὰ,
DE ὁς FU AU. yx Lolo. acA; V. ; ‏ܨ(‎ web d ‏ܘܐ‎ οἷ le cA ‏ܨ‎
‎ὡς «à 5 Gt ‏ܝ‎ as Lia Shi «sb LH cd ὧν as
css ‏ܐܢܨܢ ° ܘܐ‎ dés qub oz ‏ܙܐܢ‎ QUE ci) de Cle ams «eap ‏ܘܳܐ‎ ams run tib.
cl, ui ds pue sex DR US ες aba Gex p ul οἱ de Y ¥
Ds Q6 «| GA Uie del ‏ܘܕܨ‎ edel οὐ LS ‏ܒܐܒ‎ G ὡὼ G cu ὧν
dit «nel Ul Ja XS ‏ܐܢ‎ JU. Je US τ κριοῦ «el cost (δ unie
QA ‏ܠ‎ SY 8 AN Qi οὐ cul de (eb OY
ὁ eX, AY SUI ot uox ὁ JUS Ge UL ο) SA LE ulus ὦ»

1. S. adds citation Deut. 22. 29 (LXX).

the righteous prophet answered and said to me (sir) « When thou dost
enter thy village, the first woman thou mcetest on the road as thou goest,
the daughter of such a one, in her womb is that which will bear witness
against thy son that it is he who has taken away her virginity. Do not
suppose that I have said this to tliee altogether on my own account, but
pious men reliable of speech have informed me ofit. So now, if you hear
my advice, marry him with her since he has had intercourse with her. 1
am unwilling for him to draw near until he marry he becanse of what is
in the law of the Lord, and let him not do wrong lest God punish thee for
the loss of his soul : for if thou join him in marriage and he fall into. sin

again his sin will be on himself alone, so do not permit any delay, lest "101. 15 v.
before Christ's tribunal he say; | had not committed fornieation were it
ot that my father did not marry me toa woman : and on thee will lie the
rhole blame of his fornication and sin because thou art remiss in training
1d edueating him, as we are told of the priest Eli that he was negligent
d eareless in training and instrueting his son. » That man answered and
id : « Every word thou hast said to me 1 will observe and remember and
‏ܕ‎ because he who is disobedient to thee is disobedient to the Lord Christ,
the word of life is abundant [rom thy lips. » Aud ihe holy father Anba
ntius said to liim : « Go, in peace. May the Lord God be with the two
