* fol. 175 b.

* fol. 170 b.

430 THE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [118]

xs P Om Ade d EU Lo Ua SES ‏ܐܝܐ‎ à ALS c y IBS pu

Le ul sole de ο Me ‏ܦܨ‎ ge DUE Les Jet καθ de ἡ
june cuyo ο qu qe) UY hib el 4 Gy cu Gl UE Ub di
` Ub 5 - Qo 3 JUS duel ὃν sui ELA Qe Gé ο Sos
‏܀‎ A ib ‏ܕܝܫ‎ οἷν GIG D lie ‏ܒܨ‎ ul LOUE edo cum unl Urs
ΟἹ ‏ܐܵܬܢ‎ dut ‏ܠܐܨܢ ܐܬܚ‎ Lie cal quil Tas! dy ‏ܟܐ ܕܦ‎ ue Yee
δ» PP s y ‏ܘܡܢ‎ À 4 ds esl ct 11. 4yU Cu. ‏ܥܝ ܕܦܨ‎ gre x

5

«sh οἱ κ Ge de ος) οὐ est 8 ‏ܝ ܐ‎ che oe ὁ Y:
gt Bat d ϱ | αν μ PSU οσο Ul Ell 7 uad Cul RE ο.
κ κο νο Loge οκ pate ‏ܝܨ ܐܢ‎

1. B « it happened one day that 1 was with our holy father A. P. as one entered to
receive his blessing. I asked him saying : « my father, who is this man sceking thy
blessing? » — 2-2. B. « Behold ». — 3. B. + « and fourteen nights ». — 4-4. D. om. —
5. B. om. — 6-6. D. om. — 7-7. B. om.

saint which thou didst not write in this book? — tell us what he said to
thee when concealed with him in mount Shama. » And John answered
saying : « Who is able to relato what services he performed? » So 1 asked
him saying : « Relate what thou didst sec only, for we know that thou
wast brought up with him from thy childhood, and there was notany o
his deeds concealed from thy holinoss. » And he said : 1t happened on
day that 1, the despicable John, went and asked him saying : « 0 m;
father, so-and-so is standing at the door "and with him he has bronght
child carried upon a beast of burden. And he said to me; | wish t
bring this child to the elder, the blessed saint Anba Pisentius, that he ma
sign him with the sign of the holy cross, for now it is fourteen days tli
he has been sulfering great pain, and he cries day and night continuell
but tliere is no discase in him, nor fever, nor chill, nor is there any so
visible in the body, nor is he possessed of spirits, and we do not kn
at all what ails him. » And our father the great saint Anba Pisent
sighing answered saying : « ln the world are many men who have
discernment and. they do not pereeive why the distress of this p
