* fol. 135 a.

*fol.135 a.

376 THE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [64]
< ‏ܝ‎ Ses - Ge (ub, ‏ܝ‎ des cy de - dl οἱ JG
ο QU ‏ܐܨܥܢ‎ Vos ὃν απο Vs mE ‏ܘܕܨ‎ ue ο AE eL
4 Des Je ᾧ ul all veut Dil US lb εν Lil Us ie
Gels LS As és el ‏ܦܨ ܕܐܒ )× ܨ‎ mb ‏ܨ‎ ( οἱ ο ‏ܘܕܢ‎ cac
XS ‏ܠܐܒ ܗ‎ Goo We Dés OÙ D ‏ܦܟ‎ LS «d p oss e? ‏ܣ‎ AD
Qu! US ‏ܕܧܐܘܨ ܨܐ‎ pole al JS cute «οφ LS] e cu dé
A) Rus ‏ܐܨ ܐܨ‎ sl ‏ܡܢ‎ Gel Ub viel GS LE LUN os UP ° ‏ܐܝܟܐܨ‎
‏ܐܝܐ‎ Ds 2d ES 37 Je GE 555 ‏ܓ ܐ‎ Y al ums 5 3 50
A ‏ܘܐܕ‎ qum 0 be Gil ‏ܠܐܐ ܝܨܥ‎ Ge de LUS ‏ܟܐܕ‎ cll, ‏ܠܐܘ‎
‎JS ‏ܼܢܐ‎ AE, CU 2.510 4 ‏ܐܢܝ̈ܟ‎ audi le Gel us d res fill

1. SES ‏.ܟ‎ — 2. B. « and make us suffer together, for he will not blush ‏ܢܨ‎
‎Aw) before an old man. » The letter given in B. is the same substance as above.
but more briefly worded. That in S. is to the same effect but different in its details

and in its scriptural illustrations » S. 43. b. continues as in 13 b. a. below.

is angry with him who commits sins, and he will bring on you the barbarians,
and will afflict you, and will cause a pitiless nation of conquerors lo oppress
you, men in whom is no mercy, who will not spare an old man nor have
pity on a young man. Also he will bring on you drought and famine, thirst
and distress. Grievous were the misfortunes which he brought on Pharaoh
in times past, so that he overthrew him and his wise men in the sea aud
destroyed their memory, and made them perish utterly and caused them to
die, not wthout curse, as it is written, The death of the sinners is miserable '
And yet you are addicted to sins and offences and are in discord like the
people of Sodom and Gomorrha, those upou whom the” Lord ramed from
heaveu fire and brimstone and overwhelmed them. And 1 warn you that
unless lie had done righteously according to the greatness of his mercy,
ibat there should not be a second flood upon the earth, you would have
fonnd all tlie world destroyed by a flood, as he did with the sons of the
giants who rose up and rebelled, and he condemmed them to everlasting
punishmentand cast them into the dopth of the pit in the abyss of darkness.
And as for you, your ollences and sins are very much more than theirs.

1. P. 36. 38 (?)

