[101] THE TIHRTIETII WONDER. 413
206 ‏)ܢܢܝ‎ 50 is ddl gan jen ° ‏ܦܐܟ‎ cul ; BL ` IL HR
Ub bag Lil Let ‏ܡܨ‎ jm all ‏ܘܐ ܳܐ‎ CS LS ‏)ܐܝܟ‎ ο.
lij» dle Gb (Jo Jos ns Lil Bee Dee οἱ cx Eli xe
ο < ‏ܒ‎ Us < O6 4 - d ‏ܒ‎ 9 ` 9» di - 28
3 | 3 ¬ 05 ‏ܣܒ ܡܟ ܡܢ ܐܢ ܡܠܐ‎ x ‏ܕ¿ ܐܢܢ‎ ¥ 4 Else ὁ
dus dmm M Ut a Ys anus d ie d ΟὟ dace as ‏ܐܝܐ‎
‎Lp ο ο ο mess dim qe Go ddl ule Vis ΟἹ ‏ܠܫܐ ܚܕܫܒ̈‎
JUS de all ‏ܕܐܨ‎ eli Ji aix cll al RIT Les κα ΟἹ JS
Me  - ο ο ολ”... οἷα,
Gi ‏ܘܕܢ‎ uet. dé ‏ܕܝܚܬܡ‎ il δος τὸ dole ‏ܒܨܘ‎ LA ob ble à xl
‏ܩܐܨܢ ܕܐܐܬܥ ܐܠܨ‎ QG κε Gas Li es ad le Le D war LOUE
‏ܐܚܨ ܦܝܐܝ̈ܘ ܚܨܢ ܦܬܐ ܦܩ̈ܟܐ ܐܣܩ̈ܨܢ ܚܕ ܧܐܨܢ ܣܺܐܝܨܢ‎ ὦ ‏ܶܨ‎ du 6 qud cs

1-1. B. « Lord God, Creator of all, Father of our Lord Jesus Christ ». — 2-2. B.
« the life ». — 3. B. om. — 4-4. D. om.

knowest ‘the weakness and imperfection of (human) nature and its errors ;
restore, 0 Lord, the heart and mind of tliis brother to him so that he may
inform us about his misfortune, that we also may take care of ourselvos all tho
rest of the days of our life. » Then there came to me a voice from heaven
and said to me : « By thy pleadings aud prayers his mouth is opened that
he may inform thee what has happened to him, and why it came, and what
is his offence. But hasten with thy questions to him, for judgement has
een passed on him by the Lord, and indeed the angels are already near
0 &ake away his soul; so be prompt now in thy questions to him and do
ot delay the angels who are ready to carry him away.» And when |
eard this indeed great fear and dread took hold of me and great grief of
eart seized me, and 1 was like a man in the midst “of the deep of the sea,
h the waves dashing him to remote depths. Therewith I began to
verse with him saying to him: « What hastthou done to-day? — and
tis the crime which thou hast commited that this has bofallenthce ? —
ess thy fault, for our God is merciful and just. » And that priest
'ered, all his body shuddering with fear, saying : « O sir, father, pray
the meroy of our God may reach me.  Verily by the fear which 1 have
he penalty which has come Ido not know of any evil which I have
save this only, that forgotfulness came on my heart, as is the way

* fol. 162 b.

* fol. 163 a.

* fol. 162 b.

* fol. 163 a.
