398 THE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [86]
Un dos) 8 ‏ܕܘܗܝ‎ dis SM cs ak ge 4} ο 9 an Q^ (Le, 2539
ΟΣ Ge ἢ ὦ Lt ils al ‏ܐܨ‎ sl οὐ dés Les UD les ὧδ
Μο be Las ant A oU ον ‏ܘܬܝܐ ܝܨ‎ Je Ae ‏ܥܨ‎
‎“uen, ade GA κ ‏ܐ‎ Ts Cul T ug ὦ nil 1 94 LS all
ovs ‏ܐܠܚ‎ eh oral Lea ede ‏ܕܫ‎ oat ul ‏ܫ ܐܝ ܨ‎ .. ej |
A ess des due de QUE uma Jen JE ‏ܐܕܨ‎ aslJb AMD ail cs Jb
Gt κὐ οὐ ‏ܐܝܐܟ‎ D ch al δ» ὧν ‏ܐܐܘ ܠܐܚ‎ Gil ail dl Lis ὦ»
TS sul Q^ As ol de. Jl lo ovs ‏ܫ ܐܐ ܨ‎ o6. ‏ܪ‎ GA T» i Q^
Jl 4 A δ-λ)9 ds. Ji AUR A Ul. DJ o Q^ os 2) c ‏ܒܬܟܢ‎ ul
* Jo]. 051a. Q^ ‏ܒ ܒ‎ Q^ Ce > ul δὶ Jus CJI ‏ܡ‎ t Om ‏ܕ‎ οὐ ‏ܐܝ‎ L ‏ܢ ܫܝ‎
pu quU LOUE ὁ coo 55 992 ΟΣ ule £ 3 UE és

ι. D. « the fout of abIution in ». — 2. S. « and [ made Anba Elisha the presbyter
and overscer of the place go to the sanctuary ».

often every one despairs of him and our hope of his cure is checked. But
we say that [οι wilt master him. So now act rightcously, lovingly,
and mercifully. » At once he called for me, John, and said to me : « Go
into the church and bring me a little of the water from the font of the
congregation that] may make the sign with it on the child, for | perceive
that the devil tries him greatly. » So I went into the ehurch, as my holy
“to 50 b. father ordered. me, and filled for him *a little measure of water from the
font which was near the altar and brought it Lo my father the holy Áuba
Pisentius, and be made the sign of the holv cross upon it in the name of
the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, One God. Then he
said to the man : « Take thy son home and althy arrival give him some
ol this holy water which | give thee from the. church font, and believe im
the Lord with strong faith. Ile will be healed from the evil alflietion
whieh vexes him. » My holy father advised this man to give him to
drink from the water which was in his hand, and so the devil would wo
away in haste. And men. wondered at that father and related that the holy
Anba Pisentius had cast out the devil from the son of such a once. And
when that man Look his son to bring him home, as he informed us when
“fo dala. he returned to us and said « When I went from you { wave him to drink of
that water and then the devil cast him to the ground and threw him down
lor a while and eried out in him saying : « O Pisentius, dost thou mark

