[125] THE THIRTY ΡΙΧΤΗ WONDER. 437
c ‏ܐܟܐ ܝܐ ܟܕܝ ܨܒܚ ܟܢ‎ ο 0 ‏ܣ‎ τῷ JEU Rs ‏ܣܝܪܐ‎
‏ܦܬܐ ݀ܘ‎ y zs 2 | ‏ܨ‎ ns gs Lo 0 Us, Lu ° c Na c deo ‏ܗܘ‎ " fol. 181 a.
D AL. NJ AL ὦ pu ‏ܨ‎ dus ‏ܒ ° .ܓ‎ P 9 Ὡἰ ὡς
να A ENS ax ¥ 9 Alo 3 (je P na jee y da ai 9 be doe
Late ‏ܐܢ‎ Less boots LE κο ο ‏ܝܨܡ‎ sd Οἱ JU ‏ܐܝܐ ܦܨ‎ Lies ο
i UM ὁ usé ΟΊ de c Axle (um AB Vul Last (ul d Uus UV
ob^ ° ‏ܨ‎ (A3 ‏ܨ ]ܒܼܝܨܐ‎ GG LS edes Qu c da) Us Sat ¬ 03 stb.
(Us aus Je ο Ge οἱ ‏ܕܐܟܐ‎ page Jet és unm dut cosy
JU Lab ἀρὰν ‏ܕ‎ sue va all si Gen CALI LOU A ds LS νὰ ‏ܘܬܝ‎

stairway to go down to the lower part of the monastery we heard her cries
and declaration : and at thât my father called to me saying : € Come, John,
go down and sce what is the matter with that angry woman, and also hear
what sho says. » So | went out, and with me was an older a priest, who
was walking “with us, and we said to her : « What conduct of thine is tliis, *fol. 181a.
that thou. makest all. this outery? » She said : « My husband has repudiated
me, 1 have by him five children and he has cast me out of his house and
deprived me of food and support, me and my children, and 1 desire of your
pity that you present my case to the father bishop that he may summon
him to his presence and he divoree me or be reconciled to me and 1 to
him. » Then we went in to our father and told him about her complaint.
Then he said : « This is a dissolute woman, but send and bring her
husband here so that ! may know from him and hear his excuse. » So
we sent and summoned him, and when her husband was present my
lmher said to him : « Why hast thou repudíatod thy wife? » And he said
o him: « | suspect that she is unfaithful and has had intercourse in
ultery with a man other than myself. If thou wilt summon this man
ore thee and make him swear and reassure me, then I will be reconciled
her and take her back*to my house. » And at once he sent and *fo( 181b.
moned to his presence that suspected man, and when le came before
he fell prostrate at his fect and stood (aud) stretched his hand to take
hand of our father the bishop to kiss it. Dut the saint kept his hand
side and did not let him touch it, but said to him : « Depart from
