* fol. 153 b.

* fol. 155a.

* fo]. 153 b.

“lol 1558.

402 THE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [90]
Go Ame die αὐ Les VQ 9 ‏ܗ‎ Deb Go por mb oh
nb nd Gex X μα 4 My, quel à Sul oues ο) quuni οἱ
» Jus GP ‏ܐܫ ܫ ܐܝܬ ܨ‎ Cds χα} 9 de. Jl ‏ܨ ܦܬܐ‎ El - Ud SE
Dot ‏ܘܕܨ‎ AR aA aa Qi b ‏ܘܘ‎ aas ‏ܧܐܨܨ ܘܐ‎ Les La qs ge ὁ Ge ϱ SY
tj, Lol Lau xm bel UR val ‏ܦܨ‎ dès Us Jen «5 ‏ܨ‎ UE 129 «u$
za y δ b ‏ܥܪܐ ܦܨ‎ JE el JE Es CEE «οὐ! ele b Gt ‏ܐܘ‎ JE st
aie ds cS Ps ET esl y: to el ᾿ οἱ ‏ܒܝ‎ AX ER eel AI
| Al dla a8 LU les «ον! US 6 ‏ܘ‎ OG. Lib -7 «eh οἱ DLL
e ce οἱ οἱ ἰῷ ue ‏ܐܨ‎ dires le A sui ies d JU sb
Lis ol ul 4 JE AY ο) ét Je fl pur ( Ge ὁ ὧν ΟΝ ie

+

cub ο unes db gb alb SUY diea) Les kel Al

the son cried to me with a loud. voice and said to me : « Ὁ John, ° do an act
of charity and love, and carry information about me to tlie elder, hecause
death is near and is overtaking me, behold, you sec itis evident that if
you do not admit me I shall die outside your door. » And when I heard
this man and his son 1 went to my holy father and told him and he said
to me : « Leave him until he shows good manners, he is ignorant of culture. »
And lbanswered hin saying : «1 1 leave him a little he will be dead,
for there is but a little breath. in him. As I perceive, O my holy father,
he has learned his manners sufficiently and more. » And he said to ine :
« Let him come in. » And when he entered, he and his father, he fell down
prostrate at the feet ef our father a long time, and my father said to him :
« Arise, O ignorant of culture. » And the man answered aud said τα Αν
God liveth, If 1 have to lie three days prostrate at thy feet, * |. will not raise
up my head nor ever rise until thou hast put thy hauds on ine. » Then my
father grasped the top of his liead and raised him up and said to him : « Rise,
O deficient in manuers. Behold the Lord bestows healing on thoe if thon
wilt obey me.» And he said to him :« 1 swear by the difficulty which
befel me and your prayers which set me free from it, that if 1 remain in
this world a year or two, all the days of my life I will never disobey thee. »
And my father said to him: « This which has happened to thee is because
of thy wife whom thon didst treat unjustly and acting rashly didst suspect
and abandon her without cause, for she is innocent of the matter of which

