[103] THE TIIRTIETII WONDER. 415
al (à dk Ds Vs «JE ‏ܕܠ‎ mil dels de d Me ‏:ܢ‎ e
Ls sel ‏ܠ ܐ‎ lt dla ών ‏ܕܐܐܫ̈ܬܐܚܐܢܬ‎ οὐρα! 263 à
des sl 5 es Le God L'at URL DU Lit diez. Les Lt a;
4$ Aie : ‏ܦ‎ ο ‏ܚܐ‎ lel qs adi. aa; ερ) 5) ‏ܟܕ‎ osa E "
AU «uii GA als UE ‏ܐܬܝܘ‎ Gal ace ‏ܘܕܨ‎ del ὧν οἱ dé Ge dil ‏ܶܢ‎
‎QE OS a δον NES οἷ ἀκ Moe de Y ‏ܫܒܚ‎ ὥ ὦ οἷ re? Ores. ΕΣ
ie ‏ܐܠܨ‎ se mail ο ο ο ο ον
GUN ον οβάλ LL οὐ σέ. os dll 6 es Le als ‏ܐܢ‎ ons
SN ° uua hell ‏ܩܬܐ‎ G OV ‏ܦܘ‎ cui ll οὐ al «μι Cle Le
Gel 9 Ul 9 Ci Lt 5 ‏ܦ‎ 5 dl ses ὁ 5
Ji il 4 Us dus quA qas ‏ܘܐܨܥܨܐ‎ «cs deY nx Gb Le οἱ Ὁ

1. D. then passes to wonder xxxiu. cf. 175. a. below.

wear shoes on their fect in the sanctuary or iu the ehureh, nor may they
converse at all in the church atthe time of prayers or of the saered oflices
hecause of the angels present there. So now, brethren, consider what
some ofus have done, and let us beware lest there overtake us what has
overtaken others, and let men observe their conduct ‏ܐ‎ and recognise what
is defective and his need and raise up his soul aud his condition aud improve
his conduct and know his will and right conduct before the apostles come
from God to seek for bim those difficult divine paths which he did not
know and which we have never travelled. For there are people who commit
sins and after their fall and humilation they submit their souls to death.
And they who die fear and are east away in the grave where tlic worm
aud crecping things eat them, and especially that sore disgraee which
will happen to every one of us when we leave this world, because we are
full of sins and offences. Now he who is without confession of his sins
to the clergy is ready to perish and who is he in this dreadful desert
wherein we are who is found safe from sins and offences? And our father
18 prophet the blessed Anba Pisentius has taught us that a priest departod
m his body because he cjected spittle before the altar through carelessness
d ignorauec. And so whensocver we speak or spit, because οἱ the
atness of the sins and offences which burden every one of us, and every

ael dé Le aM JS Lie μον QAI ‏ܣܦ‎ 5 ¬ : ge ‏ܝ‎ 0

* fol. 164b.

* fol. 165a.

“fol. 164 b.

* [p]. 165 a.
