* fol. 178 b.

*fol. 179 a.

* fol. 178 b.

* fol. 179 a.

434 ΤΗΕ LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [122]

Ob ou vie VU ol nass Kimi omm ‏ܛܢ‎ ° Gel o, Ἂδ Len ull
il El ae ϱ) ‏ܒܚ‎ let Qi u$ Qi 6 «SL xd UY LS nul
Ane Qué lake le ‏ܕܦ‎ «8 GLS e JE els JE um ‏ܐܫ ܕܐܥܢܡ‎
c! ob A JE «le q3 Us QJ put ‏ܘܥܡ‎ és UE ο QJ sas
JeY oue ¥ ‏܀‎ Jü «m5 del Ge MU Gil Jeu al ΑἹ ‏ܐ‎ JE ans
o! ‏ܒ‎ ὁ ὼς ὁ ‏ܝ‎ Dae ο) Cl αν Ge 9 dise VY S9
0! Je lb ail cuu cJU 4 LS EU ‏ܐܠܐܘ‎ duas US ο Sb LAS nus
Lus dub d ^ UU - ‏ܠ‎ ο. ud JUS JU be ge εν a
oua! VI LU ail ade eur LS Ca cU lang «Us al «85 - £^

«ὠσὶ αμα υἱς. ὦ μα.

Lu DS us 9 ‏ܓ‎ 3 ο DA 5
on! £ 7

Des Lo ‏ܐܦܐ‎ Gen) Uni ‏ܘܐ‎ Que ‏ܦܠܡ ܐܠܩܣܨ܀ ܠܨ ܐܢܝ‎ 05} boul

in her neck and I am distressed in heart lest it be a quinsy ° in her throat
and it choke her and she die. But if that happen to her, it is better for
her me to die before her, for she is a blessed woman, O my father, and
has provided for me very well. » And our holy father did not answer him
nor speak a single word until tlie man had said all that was in liis heart,
and he bore patiently with him. Then he closed his eyes as he sat and
dozed a little while. And there were people sitting with hnn. And when
he opened his eyes he said : « 1 suppose | have been asleep a little
while. » ‘Then he turned towards the man who has asked him about his
wife and said to him : « Do not be anxious about thy wife, for she will
recover from all the sickness which has befallen in her neck. But if
thou ask to die before her, the matter will be so, God will do to thee
as thou hast asked, and thou wilt be favoured. » And God is my witness
that the woman recovered of her sickness before the end of the month.
And her husband went away on a journey ° on the road, and as he wen
a viper bit him suddenly, and at once he fell dead, as the snint ha:
foretold him. May the Lord forgive us our sins by his prayers. Amon.

The thirty fifth Wonder of our holy father Anba Pisentius,
may his inlercession be with us. Aen, (020 Amen.

Mear also this wonder which took place according to wliat was
us, and as the people of our country heard it. 1 remember that
