* fol. 155 b.

* [o]. 156 a.

* [0]. 155 D.

404 THE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [92]

ule ‏ܐܚܨ ܕܐܥ‎ Geo del ο utu UT LT uad ‏܀ ܕܐܐ 155 )ܒ‎ cal
SO 5 us 3 pe οἱ Gé < Les ὦ Es uns Quad ‏ܐܚܪ‎
‎VECES RUSO ὃν Bit Gi ο) οὐ) vi, dae Tail iUe
JL Shi οκ de qe els abs aol GA Less ‏ܝ‎ en.
SL URS JS Q^ Nell EX us du 3 ‏ܬܕ‎ lies Qe ‏ܐܨ‎ oído Die MER
ds qe ‏(ܒܼܨܐܦܐ ܠܐܘ‎ Gi cile mdi ‏ܕܝ‎ ciel ob nodi Ub ol Pull Al
HA d ble Let Uu ad Les GA LAVE luus Ge ub de à
‏ܐܕ‎ euh οἱ ot ‏ܝܕܨ‎ at ‏ܘܠܟ‎ Qué οἱ ge ‏ܨܐ ܐܒܢܐ‎ de Οἱ a Y oil

ol le us Les QU dual μῶν M ads ds Mes

2m Laos Us «cu ce ul oo LS y Q3 lle Ax Li & soe Yl
δω] AJ 3 ‏ܨ‎ ME 995 0 1 lo oes asbl & ‏ܫܕ‎ yl FEVS NS axes ‏ܐ‎

1. S. « and ». — 2. S. + « who was like an apostle ». — « more wonderful than the
other, «nd the setting free of the body of the (7^. a.) husband of a woman on whose
navel a spelt had been east. by the power of Satan ». — 3-3. 5. « thy wonderful life,
O thou angel of the Lord of might ». — 4. S. « the Lord ». — 5. D. commences
here.

recanciled to his wife and she bare him a male child according to the word
of our holy father Anba Pisentius, and the child was named after the saint
Pisenda. And they dwelt with one another reconciled to the day of their
death. ‘The saint did three very wonderful miracles, he saved this woman
from unjust suspicion, he healed the man from disease, and the heart οἵ
her husband. whom he made pleased and satisfied and rescued them from
the power of satan, and restored the married to union one with another.
* Great is thy commemoration and life full of all perfection in the kingdom of
Ahnighty God. 1f! desired to relate all the mighty deeds and wonders

- which God did at thy hands from thy childliood until thy monastic life, and

* fol. 156a.

the cures which God bestowed upon the sick by tly prayers during thy
episcopate, which thou didst not desire any man to know, there is no onc
who could reckon tliem or deserihe them easily, or reach their end completely.
May the Lord have merey on us all by his prayers. Amen.

The ticenty seventh. Wonder of our holy father Anba Pisentius,
may his intercession be with us all. Amen.

']Mear also this great wonder and glorify God. One day à man came to

