4

[81] THE TWENTY FIRST WONDER. 393
cel P ‏ܒܡ‎ s ls e ᾿ οὶ οἱ cil SUO eU O^ Um Uy eM ‏ܚ‎
‎au ‏ܐܨ‎ ΦΑρ 9 sacs, is CMS sys Cut ‏ܐܬܝܐ‎ ¬ 7 :3 GS Cr lé
ul SJ dial sla Cut pa Ul ‏ܠܐܩ‎ GE ‏ܬ ܐܠܘ‎ Qt GG El

οὐ ‏ܘܕܨ‎ PU gi ‏ܕܐܨ‎ Cal se Ge Ge el qu ce Ge LS

Lil uo d ‏ܫ‎ Dole ~ 138 ‏ܕܝ‎ ee Dee DELAI A] Co? Ts

οἱ og JA Jets Us αλ) «δὴ εἰ 9 os ο 0) «y

Abel QUE alt cuis US axes dt ‏ܢܨ‎ ie Ut ὁ Vs Uil aad s rera.
;' wA DU e| ey VU US dl ον ale «οὐ Gi ol est ux

ον ir oos Y al 3 ele LU 5] at ( < JS UE UJ Uis iul t de

quel V bul due, aU ob Y) dr μι cuf dU ge AE 9

Ji Ys REC Qu ls ‏ܓ‎ «Xx 4,6 JS un Mo 4 eh p ω o

1. S. « a number of wolves ». — 2. S. «1 was obliged to abandon the beast on |

which I was riding ». — 3. $. « 1] found) her (the beast!, and tlie holy man was... —
4. S. « a certain prophet ».

elder. And as I proeeeded thence a little way wolves drew uear and
seattered dust in the air above my head as I rode upon the beast, and fear
and terror seized on me and [ called unto God saying : « 0 God, the God
of my holy father Anba Pisentius, as thou didst save me lrom the hyenas
so save me from the mouth of these wolves. » And the speech was not out
of my mouth when one of the wolves sereamed with a loud voice, and they
oth broke away, by the prayers of my holy father Anba Pisentius. Then
t once 1 reached. mount el-Asas and glorilied God for what had liappeued
υ ime, because he lad saved me from the mouths of these abominable
veuous beasts. And when 1 entered tlie monastery 1 found my holy father
nding and reeiting ' the twelve minor prophets. Then I brought in the “fol. 147a.
ast to the stable to tie it up, and my father was high above me on the
r and said to me: « O John », and 1 answered him saying, « Bless
my father. » And lie said to me :« Did I not tell thee, if night reached
thou shouldest not go until the early morning of the next day. The
beasts very nearly slew tlice, were it not that God had mercy on thee. ν΄
bserve, my beloved, this saint knew everything before il happened

he concealed the excellence of his devotion and did not seck to get
PATH. OR. — T. XXII — F. 3. 26
