“fol. 152 2.

‘ol, 152b.

* ful. 152a

* fol. 152 b.

400 TUE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [88]
πὶ US ala ai UAR: qe ‏ܘܐ‎ 51 ν᾽ Ue ‏ܚܝܢ ܘܐ‎ Ρο del d. ρὲ
ob ollm ds Gay ‏ܘܐ‎ quem ‏ܕܐܩ‎ al aies Xu leo 35 de JE (5
sl ‏ܘܨ‎ Pes less LE οἱ oU CU JEU Lum Aue) gel ‏ܠܰܐܝܘ‎ n,
DV É s ‏ܘܨ‎ aus ‏ܕܐܥ‎ Au DU ‏ܕܐܘ‎ EN JA Jub. 98 «hi (des
JUR xm deb ο Gul ‏ܨܢ‎ Jedi ae L ‏ܐܪ ܦܨܐ‎ al
dee ss, ‏ܕܐܚ ܥܐܒܼܘ‎ ο ul Jui dass ο...
‏ܐܨ‎ es Y uil JE OUO US lé ae Xu ail Jose dell 99
del ‏ܝܨ‎ del els ο ο QE unl ο die où Us vie Cul

ὠ o IE Qm A «μα 9 cod l ‏ܫ‎ ξὶ ‏ܐܟܟ‎ ke ue Los a Οἱ
es ‏ܐܕ‎ | ο ντ ο ‏ܐܐܘ‎ ol ILLU. ὁ eeu pdt els
17 ) 6 ‏ܥܦ‎ GA ‏ܦ‎ 7 ΟἹ - LUN JG < Let Et ‏ܝ‎

was innocent of the impurity charged against him about this woman ».— 1-1.5.0om.—

2. S, «inv. — 3-3. S. « cast thy dispute upon me, | will avenge thce, saith the Lord ».

lain with her. But that woman was innocent ofall the suspicion wherewith
the man suspocted her, as the story will inform us when we proceed to the
end. Then that man *cast out his wife from lis house because of the evil
in his heart concerning her. And his father and mother both took great
paius as far as they could imagine to reconcile the mind of the husband
and make him live with her, oven according to that which Salomon spoke,
« The heart of the husband is full of jealousy '. » Finally the matter came
to the ears of the clergy of his village who had made him an assistant
iu the administration of the holy mysteries, and the clergy informed our
father Anba Pisentius concerning the matter. Then the saint sent a message
saying : « Trouble thyself, 1 will find for thee. the reconciliation which 15
nocessary. » And the husband spread abroad rumours throughout the
village and went about [rom place to place threatening and saying : 1 will
never again go to Pisentius, what hath Pisentius to do with my affair?
Now the man was a native of the town of Qift. And during the time he
was uttering these words he became * more and more angry. And when tlie
sun was about to depart to its place of sunset that day, lie laid down at
night, — and he laid down in the uight and. God who spake by the tongue
of the propliet saying : ll thou dost not make clear 1hy request ] will mak
it clear to thee, saith the Lord: verily 1 say to you, find judgement is mine

1. Prov. 6. 3^ (Ὁ

