[129] THE THIRTY SIXTH WONDER. 441
a ‏ܐܢܒ‎ ος de Gal call ‏ܠܐܚ‎ set el 6 db ‏ܨܐ ܐܨ‎ Ji
ol οὐ) ‏ܐ« ܐܘ ܦܐܢܝ̈‎ ολ. dt ‏ܐܨ ܐܩ̈ܝܨܢ‎ dt Qi Et Ge qx ‏ܠܐܚ‎
‎ω AU x LU UG. ‏ܢܬ‎ Lt dits cub ans Co E Les US ace Juss
Me Qe S cd ek] bl LS QE ull cul e ΟὟ euis ‏ܐ‎ κ κι:
Bas css vom Οἱ ‏ܐܘ‎ κ DAE eut Qus ‏ܐܬܝܨܢ‎ Ys Ua «JU ‏ܕܠ‎ a
οἱ ue SS ae. οὐ) LAB RES ‏ܕܐܨܐܘܢܝ̈ ܐܚܨܦܐ ܘܕܨ‎ cul ὦ o6 Gil Gul
‏ܐܝܟ‎ Juill pull Lie plas Gal Duis Late ‏ܐܨ‎ pur ‏܀‎ JUS ele GA del
Je ‏ܪܠܐܚܿ‎ pains el Gil sap cd le qudd! da$ ‏ܐܝܚܘ‎ dels Ὁ ο
‏ܐܨ‎ Es xe. pus GE ‏ܕ ܦܸܒܼܨܐ‎ cos ‏ܘܨ (ܐܝܡܐܚ܀‎ Lé ché ‏ܝܐ‎ eum NAM (55

oca lys Lee Sd UE ‏ܨܐ‎ des ob als ο ous
LA 5 ol oco ei οἱ Less JS pas Y num Jia gs bs Le
he Los ‏ܐܠܘ‎ $E cz qu! dei els ‏ܐܘ‎ Jus οἱ él den uu uel

choose and | will drink the holy oil. » And my father said to her :

« When 1 send and present to thee the holy oil, art thou willing to drink

it? » She said : « Yes verily, O father. » And he sent to the blessed
| priest Elisha saying to him:« Bring tho lioly oil and come. » And
: therewith eame the priest * and he had with him the oil. And our father
took it from his hand and said to the woman : « Perhaps thou art not able
io drink for this oil has caused many to perish, and 1 suspect that thou
art not clear from this charge, nor unblameable, nor able to take the oath. »
And that woman advanced boldly and took in her hand the vessel wherein
was the oil and came near to breaking it because of her insistence in taking
the oil. Then my father turned to the man who had been with her and
said to him : « Come hither and tell-us the truth before this assembly as
to the word whieh thou didst say tous when thou didst enter the church
and go before the altar, — what hast thou done with this impudent
adulteress ? » — And the man drew near and disclosed all that he had done
to the woman in impurity and foulness, and her husband stood by and
heard. And thereupon * he commanded the woman to be beaten and driven
rom before him, and that they should take her to the governor who
01110 disgrace her and make her infamous and cause her to be a warning to
ers. "Thus he expelled her from the country so that she did not return.
d he said to her husband : « Art thou desirous to marry another woman so
t thou hast no peace? » The mau said to him : « 1 am report.nt by the

er of God and by the blessing of thy prayers. I will not imarry another
PATR. OR. — T. XXII. — F. 3. 29

* fol. 181 b.

* fol. 185 a.

* fol. 185 b.

*fol. 185 a.
