* ful. 162 a.

Σο]. 162 a.

412 TIIE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [100] '
- 0 loss GA ‏ܝ‎ Co, ILI abus ὅσ dat Al cul ὁφεὸ
Al QU ωμά eed cad GE ab γα Hé De eub paul
il ‏ܘܨ ܦܟ‎ de Y cils pal dame Ge sies QVIS Sa cla! al ‏ܐܨ‎
‎Lis Gal al e$) A Pal Le Ge CUL 5} ls D qq an qe

Qt Last US ‏ܝ‎ pu Amo C cub sie ie Less Le cal us Ql
gen, AN UE hd ul ‏ܕܐܝܐ‎ eaa, OLA ds LS CA alls Gs
JE Vos «ΑΙ LU au EL ‏ܘܨ ܐ‎ de ‏ܚܨܐ ܨ‎ Gal cao ὁ
ME e ee ‏ܟܝܐ‎ cils aie LT (S sages LE ὁ 9 x. LS «Js
Si We ahi Y EL ER Cube ‏ܐܨ‎ ο edi an οἱ ean.
cle gel o XL ues Οὐδ US ‏ܕܐܝܐ‎ tal u$s abs ‏ܐܨ‎ uUi
GE Ul ¬ ο 9 die «JI 5959 ls κοῦ PRA LS al c

1. D. « spat like thee in the sanctuary ». — 2. B. « he went away and died ». —
3-3. D. « upon the bread and the chalice. » — 4-4. B. « and died ». — δ. B. T ewnaZic.
— 6-6. B. «that his life might be restored to liim ».

not say that thou art he between whose hands stand the angels and
arcliangels thousands and thousands and countless hosts, the cherubim and
serapliim who all ery with one voice saying : Holy, holy, holy, is the Lord of
Sabaoth, the Lord God of hosts, heaven and earth are full of thy great
glory? — and didstihou not know who are they who stand between thy
hands ? Believe me, another priest like tliee who spat once perished forthwith.
And once it happened that a priest who was ἃ monk eame and was presen
with us on the evening of the sabbath and the morning of the Sunday, an
wlien the mass began for us we requested that priest to offer tho oblations
and consecrate and when he reached in the mass the place where he invoke
the Holy Spirit secretly to come down upon the oblations set forth an
the divine mysteries, he was inattentive in his heart as will happen to 0
at times, and had phlegm and expectorated and at once he became dun
and deaf and was not able to move at all and leaned his head backware
and remained lifeless and did not speak. And so 1 called for the prie
Elisha to come aud wo up and finish the mass. And when we had finish
mass the brethren asked me to pray for the brother priest that. he mig]
be made well and his allliction removed and his mind and heart resto
to him. So at once | prayed saying thus : « O Lord, O Almighty, 4h
