[143] ° = 711 FORTY 81111 WONDER. ἜΣ
a 1 » d dee D la ja. ὦ clos CUS lee ο. ‏ܫ‎ ὧδ AS SL
«οὐ Ja iub de is ‏ܢ‎ ARD Gm QU Jed sait ad QJ J6,
«95 xe LS AU ζ lle dou, et all ὁ cmo 6D ei ὁ Ji sa ue
IAS 5 ει” ul sul L'on 5 Hs do ὦ ul L 0 gels c
LAS Am mu Va cR de ec ο ὁ ον di G ul ‏ܓ‎ cel
εὐ JE GA ο Ga Lai lass ab lle a3. abs mul Je ‏ܦܐ‎
‏ܝ‎ 0 ^ Ane als Le à af loss posu Ul Gaël 0) ae
Coast ο Y ‏ܐܘ ܐܢ‎ uu ‏ܠܥܢ ܝܕܨ‎ uda Y us (ΑἹ Es ‏ܝܨ‎
‎de «libe. bs sacs «Ub am Los JEU QUI ama 5 οἱό «Y ‏ܚܐ‎ νὰ.

1. ak — 2. ss.
have taken all. » And this has troubled my father. His face bceame sad
and he continued to go to and fro in the place. And our holy father Anba
Pisentius went to another place by himself alone to pray, aud then he
returned and said to them : « Indeed tlie bundles of the men have been
plundered altogether. » *'Phen he took that man by the hand and led him
apart by himself alone and said to him : « There is no profit to thee in
treachery to thy brethren, and the curse of God will fall upon thoe. »
Then he increased his noise and shouting saying : « 0 father, whilst
this money was in my hands 1 could not do anything of tliis. » And when
the saint saw that the man had determined in his heart not to disclose
anything he turned to three of the crew and called them to his side and said
te them-: « Take the three rolled up bundles of clothes whieh are in the
pots which are in the church and untie them and take from them a roll
and you will find in it the gold of this head man and his clothes. » And
they untied it in faith. and found the gold in the place of which our holy
ather the Anba Pisentius had told them. And one day ‘they went to him
( mount Shama and informed him of it, but he secluded himself and stayed
any days concealed from the people, as he did not desire to make any
these things known, because he hated the empty praise of men and
ed the approval of God alone. May his blessings and prayers embrace
ll and the ehildren of baptism. Amen.

* fol. 195 b.

* fol. 196 a.

* fol. 195 b.

* fol. 196 a.
