* fol. 194 b.

* fol. 195 a.

* fol. 194 b.

"fol. 195 a,

454 THE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [142]
DE oe lla bas οὐδ cau dé lm ^ edis ος
ls deo xe cest és ὦ Hs af lub. s, Es ml 3 psë οἱ oU
b ls AU ‏ܝ‎ dise Ul uo eio στ Gil el ds 56
(Y 0 porn e» Guy US OUI Ue Gé ολο ὦ oz 1
O^ OY aede 4 MG vul SU οἱ Ge οὐ 6 ‏ܠܐܘ‎ pas lu Loue ὡς
Les Qum qe Len 3 0 5 dis del ὃν 3 0 ol Lt
Ab alm 4 λα ‏ܕܬ‎ 95 A Elus LS à GU. οἰ υ Lit al,
Lt Ule «Ub Ris κ᾽ XU. ὦ Uis G Ul "as, qe Lili ‏ܒܨܘ‎ ὦ
σό d ρον ous οὐδ Uum, le Uus ‏ܨܢ‎ ο dolce sien aile nil
pA Qul Jés En it ὦ SN on 51 Ua ὃν oaa oJ pétales
‏ܕܘܐ‎ ge Ub συῶν dl cul Je ub» aus ‏ܐܹܨ ܦܨܐ‎ Ge εν»
AS 3G ὁ El c D J sk ὁ c5 Ub ® ‏ܠ‎ God sx ln

1. ‏ܚܬܬ‎ — Ένω — WONTE.

when he had blessed them he perceived that they were distressed in their
minds greatly, ° and he knew by the spirit that they wanted to ask him
about a matter, but he made as though to rise and depart. And they took
hold of him aud entreated him. Now at that time there was a monk. with
him, and there was also the priest Musas, head of the monastery of Anba
Samuel which was known as the monastery of as-Sunad, and they said
to him : « O holy father Anba Pisentius, we have come to thee that thou
mayest do us good and sign us with the sign, do not be annoyed thereby, as
the Spirit of God inspires thec. » Ile said to them : « From what distriet
are you? » They said to him : « These two are from the neighbourhood of
Aswan, and the two others are of the people of Safat Rashin. We are all
in partuership with one another and work together, we all share iu goods
and carry them by ship and journey to a remote country, and no one of us
enjoys any preference over his companiou; *and we went on our journey
a year and cight months, and God made an opening for us and prospered us
with great profit in return of increase. And we are going back to our
homes in peace and bear two thousand dinars and have tied them up in a
purse and have entrusted them to a man selected from amongst us who is
our eldest : and he took them and denies them to us and says, « Some time
you took from the purse five hundred dinars. » And the elder, the
blessed holy Anba Pisentius, answered and said : € This is the truth.
In my heart [ said, if it were a strauger who was the thief then he would

