[171] THE FIFTY SINTII WONDER. 483
PARA i Y. ‏ܐܝܟܠܐ‎ Ue LE Ἂ as Los un ‏ܕܠ‎ ΟΝ
DA xa. ο Qui QUE UE ca XU Col Ge Las
on Lee quus ΟΝ US esas cts OV ‏ܐܝܬ‎ ὦ Le ο ὁ 5 ον)
JUsy| ‏ܝܕܨ‎ Pun] μον LE clus de GS JE uM
εν ὁ po ‏ܝ‎ Lex Ys ολο ai ‏ܝ‎ cue SUY! deas A las
ο goa δὴ μυ bell ons ‏ܐܬܢܝ‎ DST Lil ‏ܐܠܨܢ ܦܨ‎ ail sa JE als
‏ܐܚܐ‎ dE μμ ies μον μου ο η
ol eh Cal "n A ce. Spes eee Ax D ‏ܨ‎ ill ` » ‏ܘܝܬ‎
‎De dt AS Dé al ο ‏ܐܨܦ ܕܐܐܚ‎ ΟὟ" αν δῶν 4
La 0 ΟἹ - L 1,85 ‏ܦܝ‎ πο...
e$ Le ‏ܐܝܒܢ‎ JS is «UE ‏ܐܦܝ ܐܨ‎ Οἱ Es Dos ie ‏ܐܟ‎ J$ ‏ܨܚ‎ ll
Ὁ Ji JUN las ol ‏ܝܒܐ‎ ues ΠΝ ‏ܐܝܐ‎ sand E all
Lai Qu LS σῶν Clos ei : 9 < ὧν c5) ‏ܐ‎ ax)

1-1. repeated sic, by error.

prevail over us, do not let that short time be prolonged for us upon the earth,
lest he bring us to eternal torments and we fall by the snares of the wicked
and mischievous devil who from ali eternity hates our species, and is at
alltimes eagerly desiring to divert ns from the commands of God, that we
may fulfil the evil lusts of our hearts. So let us shun evil deeds, let us
shun evil deeds (bis), which estrange man from God and his angels, and do not
let the devil sow his evil worldly desires in your hearts, those are the
great sins and unclean defiling evils, perjury, hatred, stubbornness, slander,
mischief, fornication, selfishness, vice, and the blasphemy which is lack
“of faith and the desire of unlawful gain. These estrange those who do *C.f.158b.
them and remove them from God. 1 have insiructed and enjoined you to
avoid pride and self-exaltation which lead men to destruction and estrange
hem from God. So woe to every man who dies and is involved in those
jns whieh God and his angels hate. Consider, O brethren, that we do
t remàin in this world, but after all we die and our final lot is that we
to God, who rewards each one according to his past deeds, whether
y are good or evil. And, O my beloved sons, this swiftly passing world
erves all weeping and lamentation because it deceives all who follow it
deludes men in many ways until they pass away.
