[137] THE FORTY THIRD WONDER. 449
NI ul Uo vy ‏ܐܝܢ ܕܐܒ ܝܚܣ‎ 4 ame ¥!

ܫܒܝ 3 ‎o! e ME‏ - ܕܦܕ ‎Mos la A ou‏ ܐܝ ‎ΠΟ‏ 0 ܚܒ
‎UM‏ ܐܚܒ ‎pl‏ ܐܘܐ ‎pe‏ ܘܕܢ ‎QUU Re. uel‏ ܢܢ ‎dé ges‏ ܚܬܘ ‎de‏

Le ἊΝ ‏ܕܐܬܝܐ‎ PN Ak ES P c zu Ole |J : al οδό» e Pm 190 b.
οὗ εν doll ge NEP ον état Σα Dis
4 3 OS οσο] e 4) ass AX ΩΝ c P «ob ‏ܐ ܨ ܐܝ‎ 48
‏ܬܐܢ ܐܢܐܟܕ‎ dL ὦ 9500 "9 ‏ܫ‎ Us| ¬ ‏ܝ‎ 5 AE clu. jJ ‏ܡ‎
‎Js ὁ de dl οὐ gut ee st Ub EL 9 ds yl ο él
oo ul οἱ ei PIU ὁ pli 24999 : ‏ܒ‎ dl 82) ae GE cs)
OÉ UL «Y Len ps all Li AL audi ὁ ὁ ο JUI lis Am 4 ο
37 cuu cui οἱ 7 d - : ‏ܓ‎ oh QUE Mos 45 | ‏ܒ‎ a.

The forty third Wonder of our father Anba Pisentius.

One day there was present with him a great noble and he was very sad
| of heart and praved him saying : « O sir, father, | do not know what to
do with my wealth and the abundance ol my substance, for every year 1
give many alms. But God has not granted me a son. 1f thou wilt pray
for me that my wife may bear a son‘ I will give many favours to the poor *tol.10b.
and benefits to strangers, and will do well to all men to the day of my
death,»  Andthe saint entered into his cell and prayed over a little water
and gave it to him, then gave him two dates, and said to him : « Give
them tothy wife, let her eat, and let her drink this water, and thou also do
not be neglectful in thy house but repel doubt, and the Lord God will give
thee the desire of thy heart. » And 1 swear to you, my brethren and
beloved, that at that time next year God most high blessed him with iwo
male children, and he bore them in his bosom and brought them to my
father the saint and said to him : « Take this wealth and bestow it in alms. »
And our father the saint answered and was angry because he would not
accept ἃ fee for the gilt of God and his grace, and he said to him : « Take
this wealth of thine and give alms of it as thou hast vowed to God most high
“in thy soul and in the Lord's presence : and it. will be better for thee in *tol. (91.
thy dwelling il thou pay the tax on thy house and do not invent excuses

