[153] THE FIFTY SECOND WONDER. 465
‏ܝܨ ܘܨܬ ܐܝܐܘ ܕܩܝܨܢܝ ܐܟ‎ κ t MU Abe ‏ܒ‎
‏ܕܨ‎ ἡ mus ‏ܐܕܠ‎ ον aan aile Le ὁ ο Ai ‏ܐܚܝܢ‎ SX ὦ
du lu dal ailes J| alle él coli) ‏ܕܐܩ‎ dom <
ai Je 4$. ‏ܕ[ ܫܐ ܬܨ‎ Cobol ‏ܐܬܚ ܕܟ‎ moss Ed] 397 ‏ܝ‎
‎AV Jusy| JS cuis «Yl pol quem cab ος) dti ΟὟἹ ο]
AJ Ue Ql CN QUI c ae ‏ܢܨ‎ vont qum small ο ο. b.
Ls coles bos Luc & LE uS ‏ܠܝܟܢ‎ oil ο ail val (οὐδ ‏ܐܐ‎ x
Je dy ‏ܐܠܐܘ‎ pb ix Ul Li JS Ru ν αἱ Ut oS ‏ܘܝܨ‎
‎abe dis xxm De. «l2 oles ail Les chim) EN us SALE)
SOME QUI ‏ܨ‎ Lame ο...
SUN _ QU Ge - He A Giles ὁ ‏ܝ‎ che ὧν
JUS ul, cues a SUN cum fl λα Lol cils

of their father. Thou didst enter the paradise of grace by thy lolty
spiritual understanding, and didst eat of the tree of life. And thou wast
of graeious speech by the wisdom of Christ the God, and ateacher in the
knowledge of the holy mysteries. First thou didst seek the kingdom of
God and his righteousness, and generous gifts were added to thee, and
spiritual gifts bestowed upon thee, and at thy hands were wonders and
mighty works so that thou didst put to flight the Canaanites and didst
conquer the devil and his.army of warriors and the rebellious ones. And
thou didst perservere in the truth of the wisdom of the informing and
leading upright fathers, and didst acquire all the divine sciences, and
didst understand all tho evangelieal parables and explain them in a living
way, until thou. didst amaze with thy wisdom all the earth and its great fot. 303b.
ones. "Truly thou art the benefactor whom God formed in our generation,
and the champion whom he honoured in our time and age. And in thy
prosperous time there were many chief men loving the poor, as with our
father Pakhom. And God sent forth blessing like the light and judgement
like the noon-day, and thou didst observe the ordinances of God and do
is will, and thou didst obtain from him great excellence so as to intercede
all the world, and didst exhort everyone to return to God by devout
eping and sincere repentanee. Thou didst make creatures return to
d their creator, and didst rescue them from impiety, and raise the
en, and heal the sick by thy righteous prayers, and didst exorcise
