* fol. 204 a.

* fol. 204 b.

* fol. 204 a.

* fol. 204 b.

406 THE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS: [154]
eue lub ges QUÀ 216 ος le s  càish ex. JE JUN
Del cub pou AJ Rh. QUO d$ ‏ܐܨ‎ qum eas! σῶν LS
gi» os uM ol ge» JS uui gg c ο ὃν ul ‏ܚܐܢܳܨ‎ élites
Amm 4 cn qe «ΣΙ ‏ܕܐ ܢܝܐ‎ ον LU LS ‏ܐܬܫܘ‎ less Ve ‏ܐܨ‎
‎sole ll os Je relie gum cle E de ‏ܐܚܨ 9 ܠܨ‎ ὡς)
Poss cU SLE Ge al sub alba JE lai αὐ} «unb Li xe
sr dl ot ol ὁ ces cils GUN οὐ Sas Μία lle
«0 dus DU QU pu de plie des ‏ܐܠܐܘ‎ CI QU cb eal
mé v ὦ qu pe ges Y ο «0 xx = de ce
Jesus μό QUE ο. (5 δ Οὐ ae AME UE 3) 5 5
sl τς ul QU ὁ ο de εἰ ο) Lai cual ἐλ).
SU Ad «2l ο «nil Je zs ‏(ܐܨܚܕܐܝ‎ cll ‏ܐܕܝܘ‎ lol eal

evil demons, and wast exalted to divine honour bv thy lofty discourses ” of
spiritual things, and didst excel in the knowledge of tho secrets of his
wisdom, and the diffusion of thy perfume was like the cedar of Lebanon,
and like the perfume of the trees of paradise, aud was spread abroad
to every place by the gifts of the Lord Jesus Christ. Of thy miracles
all towns and villages were proud. Thou wast a law-giver like Moses
the chief of the prophets. O thou who wast exalted to the highest
degrees of wisdom, like tlie righteous apostles and noble prophets : O thou
who didst spread out wings to spiritual flights like the eagles, and didst
ascend above tlie heavens by excellent strivings iu the perfection of upright
life and glorious service. "Thou didst obtain divine assistance and spiritual"
graces, as God culightened the eye of thy soul and cleansed the unders-
tanding of thy mind, and thou didst observe the light of the angelic spirits
and didst enter by the doors of generosity into ' the blessed paradise,
and didst love the Lord thy God, and he loved thee and magnified thy
reputation. before all men, and glorified thee, because thou didst build
thy house ou the solid rock which is not moved, Jesus Christ our Lord,
and didst plant there the orthodox laith for ever. In thy days the oase
prospered, all the world was made tranquil by thy supplications an
prayers, the Egyptian provinces boasted of thee, and thy excellent repo
reached the land of Syria, as thou didst aet perfectly in accordance wi
the divine law and the apostolic canons and didst in truth achieve ecce
table works and godly instruction by the merit of thy striving in
