[169] THE FIFTY SIXTH WONDER. 481
ον JA eds ‏ܐܨ‎ ον βλ) iud εως ‏ܐܝܘ‎ cut GG ΘΝ ὁ συλ
JE ὁ < «a LE οἱ os A < dl ^ ve 5 ins 0 21a.
ὧν Qus GS A cuba cer «de Que γελῶν ‏ܐܐܟ ܐܚܕ‎ SUE 1 «eL
Co» ο ‏ܐܝܨܡ‎ GX Q^ v GÀ ALS lam Li ‏ܧܟܐܨܐ‎ LE ὦ»
ss al LUE Ms ét ὁ Όρου Qi ‏ܦܨ‎ Url JU, ώμο Het del
QA es ὃν Mas, pro cami Ae Qi aJ quA ‏ܘ‎ Qm
V μὴ Cébel vies os Ul aus ‏(ܠܐ܀‎ lames ailes ρ ore
AR (οὶ ‏ܕܐܨ‎ ο QU El EE UPS
Less EN LE, ‏ܐܝܩ‎ QU GU Qe aus, πῶ Οὐ «8. as Labo «foL slab.
Ys qe ΑἹ ‏ܢܘܨܢ‎ cus «b cep qe UY eei, dh LL US un, alle

28

£ ὁ 8 : 9 ὁ Lai ` ESS AY UE ane «noB a8 LU 9
gril ‏ܘܕܢ ,26 ܦܬܐ‎ (JUS Vale JE lent 45 ΟΣ ιν) cuomudll ΣΥ `

when it was inthe second month after the death of the saint a great multitude
assembled to be blessed, aud the same day that man of little faith was
present and standing by ‘the cross and it appeared to him and he endeavoured *rol. 214a.
to see the truth of the matter, and at that hour behold the place where the
name of the saint was written under the cross was split and there issued
forth sweetly perfumed balm, very excellent, like milk flowing from the
breasts of a woman suckling a child. And the man cried with a loud
voice and said : « Great is the Lord and marvellous in his elect. Come and
ee-the cross and how holy myrrh flows from it. » Meanwhile the crowds
rust forward and took of that balm and bore it away in their garments
d turbans, and gave glory to God and to his saint Anba Pisentius.
d these wonders and mighty deeds, O my beloved brethren, 1, the
r unworthy John his disciple, have selected out of many and do not
te the rest which he did after his death. May the merciful Lord God
e pity ° on all the race of those whom he has created, and have mercy «tol. 214 b.
us by his prayers, and forgive üs our sins by his pleadings and
cessions, for we believe that he is near God, and may he never forget
hom his right hand has planted. O thou blessed one amongst the
who d wellest in the mansions above whither thou hast been exalted,
prayers cause the mercy of God to descend upon us all, and may
