* fol. 202 b.

* fol. 203 a,

* fol. 202 b.

* fol. ΧΩ ἃ

464 THE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [152]

Us, ο ο xli os νο κκ
| Ue < sal 6

Ub he jm οὖν οὐ AY oue Ge pe AN ‏ܐܒܒ ܐܨ‎ ui el ‏ܨ‎ οὐ

de raa) lm qum GOUT ‏ܕܐܐܚ ܝܨ‎ dla Lam de Qe Ans ARI ϱ
ge pe)! Di DLL mé Lei Co vb ure ui ‏ܕܝܡ‎ Lan itl, CI cubes
Ge vul dt al cius Quem UE ume τῶν US dial LS ue Ke ‏ܥܨ‎
‎a els Al Goal κ. X UE nul elis ace ‏ܠܐ܀‎ Das αἱ λρεὶ
ass ο Ul LEE Cul Gb VE ‏ܠܐܚܕ‎ bead (ol tél hs te
28 0 - £) del ce © ου JS il κ ΟὟ LU,
4 ‏ܙ‎ at AU ο 4) ο gl asl ολων Li ety tal Gi d
Qe sull ot ο) LU s ὁ ο) ΝΟΣ δ. με DU den al ass ‏ܐܬܝ‎
‎pe! Le, Li GA SLI 3 US] ges alé Lu δ | 3

1. S. « his patience ». — 2. S. « his innoceney ». — 3-3. S. om. — 4. S. « Samuel ».
S. « and the office ». 1

οι

The fifty second Wonder of our father Anba Pisentius
May his intercession be with us and save us from the crafty foe. Amen.

« And it happened to me also that [ went to the well on a certain day.
And it was the season of great heat, and I had not taken with me that day
a rope. And I found a certain angel shining greatly, and in his hand a rope.
Then we prayed together, and he filled my jar with water. Then we praye
again according to our customs *
until I put it upon my shoulder and he went away. And when 1 lookec
behind me I perceived that it was truly an angel of the Lord, and | glorifi
God for it and gave great thanks to his great holy name, and ¦ went to m
abode in peace. » To whom shall I compare thec, O thou blessed mast
our father the great Anba Pisentius? Indeed thou art like the patriar

and he took the handle of the jar with m

Jacob, he of whose sulferings God took note and remembered his generosit
because of his purity, and gave him inheritance in the land of life. T
art like also to Joseph the righteous, on whom God bestowed a royal er
Thou art like Aaron on whom God bestowed the oflice of the priesth
and Samuel the faithful overseer over the priests of the Lord, he
. the. Lord filled with the spirit of prophecy from his childhood. And
art like also to the blessed sons of Jonadab who observed the commen
