* fol. 199 a. 4 Jis!

* fol. 199 b.

* fol. 199 a.

* fol. 199 b.

460 THE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [148]
1 pedi οὐ θὰ) lues Gt ὁ 1:30 5 5 5 7 Gus οὓς
De s Ua Vas E δῶρ OÙ d ‏ܘܕܨ‎ xu «na, d$ Gt Lee CA
3 CA 4 US ὦ ‏ܕܐܝܐ ܕܐܐܣܼܝܐ܀‎ a Lit ‏ܐܨ ܐ ܒ ܬܨ ܐ‎
2$ 99 a» lé Ulels This Palas e τω ΣῪ lal) δ ail os Lal, μὴ

Br de gs ie Us LÀ Rl un οὐ) ὧν sunl G δὲ cuni
a st coll 3 2 LU ‏ܒ‎ 1 We «Lim. ΑΛ) ας νο nat
Acme ble alé o6, We" ee. ¥ κό Dhs sal NOE = 4» ue
οδό LI UE ais ctl chm US ‏)ܕܘ‎ ὁ D$ ‏ܐܘْ ܦܨ‎ au LT ule cle:
sl à ct 28 ‏ܐܝܐ‎ Il es cool] G ous CES ale) ram οἱ 52 LÉ ‏ܐܚܝܕܧܐ‎
‎eV GX ὦ ὦ mel pes ‏ܘܬܘ‎ LUS ρον ds an ‏ܨ ܐܝܠܐܘ‎ οὐδ»

. ‏ܐܘܟ‎ Lu DS «όρο all dal s αὶ SUCI

1. (t47. b.) continues ui ‏ܥܬܐ‎ les 93 ‏ܠܝ‎ οὐ ‏ܐܨ ܦܠ » ܠܝ ܕ ܐܝܕ‎ 0 ο ECT
‏ܐܢܝܐ‎ My le bolt ων 275 les Css _ nS ur vp 5 ‏ܐܨ ܐܝܢ‎

cu ‏ܨ ܢ‎ Gel HAS. a]. — 2. C. + ane — 3 Ο KE 339 C i eel by
ωρα) Bn qr» I, aux! C. then passes to 129. mn above.

have seen and my ears have heard from righteous God-fearing men ‘in
their statements, and how great and lofty were the virtues which my
father practised in the days of his glorious monasticism before he was
raised to the rank of the episcopate. If I were all tongue ! could not do
it for you completely and perfectly. "When he had completed thirty years
as a monk God called him to the dignity of a bishop over the city of Qilt
and its environs, and after he became bishop he exercised the episcopate
another thirty three years as bishop and guide and good shepherd,
guarding his people, and God gave him power and his fear to observe the
canons ofour fathers the holy apostles, and he observed the canons au
God did conspicuous signs and splendid miracles at his hands and so. many
mighty deeds that one could not reckon their number. And he ga
evidence by displaying miracles ˆ aud diselosing hidden secrets, when he wa
at all times in the oases. And once he was in need of walter and remaine
a whole week without finding it. So he stood in the oasis and praye
and as he recited in the oasis it began to flow until that oasis was fille
with it, and they filled the tanks and wells with enough for the breth:
dwelling in that mountain. May his prayers aud blessings be
us. Amen
