* fol. 1932.

* fol. 193 b.

* fol. 193 a.

* fol. 193 b.

452 THE LIFE OF 5. PISENTIUS. [140]
Us| ‏ܦܕ‎ ὁ ο μὰο) Ub eli)! ‏ܠܐܨܢ‎ Lt us ὁ ul out ΟἹ ολ a6
ὁ gU ο οὔ Gil ολ) LE ο) ο) dE Ut od. dl ὁ X
HA e de Gb los ο! SUE els QUE Gt peni Jn uel.
erem ph eom ο OY ο qe ua ° UR] se ‏ܕܠܝ‎
‎ον quM dit, BA eiu Goal Jul ‏ܘܺܐܫܐ‎ ml Bit xe ‏ܐܨ‎ ον
‏ܢܵܐ‎ el Jet is οὖν ule pren ds oo Ul al ‏ܐܟ ܐܨ‎ des
Hubs Je ο Je ὦ Que «ὦ lees Lee Le Lei)
0 «ανω a le 0 ‏ܒ ܝ‎ Got pas le SO dl
‏ܕܫܐ‎ pal ‏ܐܚܫܘ‎ ule Li Al ΟἹ y LI Lit SY ie ule ‏ܨܐ‎ qul ‏ܐܨ‎
‎al Qu ‏ܦܨܨ‎ Qi sal Ce ὃν ‏ܬܢ‎ Les Le cul Jb al lie VE
al UE UR. US ml pose UE slt at gam que eR ολων US
Gul God JG οὐ Qi Ul Cul uu; ae ο
cJ UE Q el ‏ܦܨ‎ U qe ‏ܨ‎ JA uum ha xe Lol cul

Then we entered and the lioly father Anba Pisentius was recitiug from the
book of Jeremial, the great prophet; and Anba Epiphauius also was
rceiting from the epistles of Paul the apostle, áud my father eame forward
to the door of the cell within which Epiphanius was standing and reciting,
and my father looked into the inner part of that cave and he saw two men
sitting upon the stone bencli, and theu he * paused roeciting at the entry of
the door, as the canon observed docs not permit them to approach one
another until they have finished reciting. Aud when the holy Epiphanius
had finished reciting the epistles of the Apostle Paul, my father the holy
Anba Pisentius went in to him and they saluted one another and that man
who was sitting before them both : then tliey prayed and sat down and that
man who was sitting there went away from them. And ! entered to them
and asked a blessing fron: them. And they were sitting by one another
talking about the great thiugs of God and the joyful gifts which he hestows
upon his chosen friends because of the sulferings which they endure for liis
holy name. And when they had spoken. about the great things of God for
a long time they talked about the holy seriptures which God has inspired,
then they rose up and saluled oue another 7 ;111)1 Epiphanius departed to
another place. And when we entered into his cell my heart was reflectiug
anxiously and ] threw myself at tho feet. of our father Auba Pisentius and
said in much anxiey : « | will not cease to lie prostrate at 11: feet until
thou fulfil for me my request. » And he informed me saving : » 1 will not

