* fol. 191 b.

* [01.191 b.

450 THE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [138]
O^ qum ‏ܗ‎ Mele lm dis ani db 4 ολ de Je) Y, CES ὦν

oies Ul USY ΟΡ «SUI a πον

ܐܚܥܒܕܐ ‎six Lai‏ |( ܧܩܐܒܚܹܝܝ̱ ‎Gil‏ (ܟ̈ܐܨܨܦܐ ‎«ly JA ot Ul ail Le‏ ܕܐܧܫܐܕܐ
‎host Gun ge QI aus mul μα pou δ CN anui‏
‎LL CE Je x ο Le Ge lie loss‏ ܨ ‎U Lie G ocuUs. Les‏
ܐܦܐ ‎Qe us ο Et ae UE dl unm ys ° lE, Lu boul QG Less‏
‎σον‏ (ܘ ‎US) U μοι c) O^ om ut du dass ms Uus ELU V el‏
‎ax‏ ܘ ‎là.» ΟὟ «Jb cue Ub uil DE a8 Las luos Lun ol all sis‏
‎Je nae ¥ qb sn menu ΠΝ‏
‎ge Ma Ge AS eb ge dels ui A cu‏ © ܒ 3 ܒ=
‎ΦΥ] Lol cs Vr Jy! es ΝΒ. TE el AS «δ 0 "i‏ ܐܕܐ )ܝ ܡ

and neglect what is enjoined tice, lest. your grief grow greater before all
who observe thee. » May his blessing embrace us all forever. Amen.

The forty fourth. Wonder of our father Anba Pisentius.

Hlear also this wonder which this holy father Anba  Pisentius displayed
before his death, and give praise to the Lord our God Jesus Christ. There
was a woman who bare a child and the milk dried in her breasts and thev
became black and hard greatly until both her breasts were like great bosses
of brick, and their tops were chapped. "Then her father and her husband
despaired of her, they expected * her death, and brought her before our
holy father and sought blessing at his hands and said 10 him: « O father,
do an act of kindness and charity for us and pray over a little oil and give
it to us that we may anoint this young woman with it, as her breasts have
swollen and also she is near death; look on her with the eye of pity.
Now we have been with her many days and we take her child round to
women who give suck that they may give it milk lest it die. » And at
ouce he sent the priest to tlie entrance of tlie altar and he took ἃ portion
ofrag and pierced it and moisteued it with the oil of the lamp and the
wick at the altar and brought it to her and touched her and made the
sigu of the eross on her saying : « In the name of the Father, and of the
Son. and of the. Holy Spirit, one God. May de bestow remedy flor all

