[11] PROEMIUM 323

Dee Dol mes ef ele cb au ον πέσον ΥΣ its
| tds des sie

dh οἱ uh we met ‏ܕܨܘ‎ Ge ‏ܐܝܐ‎ Call ο Ul ‏ܐܨܨ‎ OE ‏ܕܦܨ‎

el οἷ of «ἰδ he GAS uii és Mey! ual px AO ἀρ ελ 4, Q^

ae o. ges ‏ܐܢܐ‎ ° ολ Cul ls οἱ UE οἱ) U ‏ܐܬܝܢ‎ ων) axe cusa * fol 98a.

Jl ὃν < ull ὦ OV Au ane JE OU QU ut 9 al Ul

Ames Les lt 4 οἱ Gil ‏ܐܣܕ ܙܢ‎ Οἱ ‏ܢ‎ ouam eI μον! aL

bal ‏ܢܨܡ‎ | axe ‏ܘܕܨ ܘܳܐ‎ s RAE sul pis Lies ὁ «S oU. as cu οἱ

ens Jus JE OM Ge Ul Ge Ul Gs ΣΌΣ ues d HUE csl

get esl Ge es oed ot ὃν ote ‏ܐܐܐܝܚ‎ Qi ὁ em Us pal ‏ܕܒܐܘ‎ ead
“σιν ὦ ah ailes εἰν! US ὃν ελ! ‏ܐܒܛ‎ Lo εξ

GUY ὁ. Το πῶς Ul CUL ail de gel QUI Quoad ASS το 08 pe

1. B. « the Christ-bearing Anba Pisentius ». D. then passes to 104. a. below.

vied in light with lanterns and the éyes of their intellect were enlightened
by his exhortation and teaching.

The noble father Anba "Theodoro, the. perfect monk from the desert of
Scetis in the Wadi Hubaib came out from the desert going towards the upper
land and went to the neighbourhood of mount Shama and dwelt in the
monastery of Abu Abfam (— Phoebammon) Djoj, with the vigilant Abba Elias
until ‘our holy father Pisentius came at tho time of his youth to the monas- * fol. 98a.
tery already mentioned and asked for the clothing of the monastic habit.
And the father Anba Elias received him by a revolation from the Lord, and
clothed him with the holy habit in the presence of Anba "Theodore who was
to him a director and ieacher and conipanion until his death and his
partner in the charaeter of this life full of all the glory of the great fathers
who became his diseiples in mount el-Asas, and they are Anba Yusas (—
Musas) and Auba John who did not leave him until the completion of his
life. And his death took place on the thirteenth day of the month Abib, in
he peace of the Lord. Amen.
Tho subject of this feast full of all spiritual gladness and hoavenly joy,
my beloved, is the commemoration of the holy anointed Elias indeed, our
er Anba Pisentius, the chief amongst 'bishops. And it is full of the

* fol. 98 b.
