[28] THE FOURTII WONDER. 335
sole ‏ܠܐܬ‎ pau Eli Bla, ‏ܐܪ ܐܐ‎ sans Let à, ls aus 2$ QUE he
p^ 3 οὐδ Ya κβ Ὁ ‏ܐ ܝ ܝ‎ sold «ολ
oie de Qi au anis 0 LS AS es paume LCD Cu poet
cdi Quel pue δ ρει Ms pie ge XR Goal ο.

Es ‏ܠܚܕܢ‎ Ka le ‏ܠܐܬ‎ ολ... Ge ο ie AN ees roles
QU Lis

Le ae Gale Ul SA alt «usce Vl

se "lis LY eus Qi mea ΟἹ JE ce velo et pe ‏ܘܐܒ‎ lo

D deo ὥριο QU A ἀν σῦν νεο) us al Les GNT des ‏ܥܐ‎ ὁ
US Je UE ei v» ‏ܐܝܐ‎ ° HI Os AS ‏܀‎ at dl ον dll
Hu Les ΟἹ QUE lt all 4x ὦ» GE GJ las SU sis Gate
ce Qi U.Jb vie Cul ὃν 3 al LIL dé, ss ἐδ,» Couzib

which have occupied us for several days past, we would have passed this way before ».

mount of el-Asas, and there we shall lind a new desert of Scetis, as its monks
are pious, serving God with the service of angels for their purity ; and
one cannot deseribe their piety and devotion and good works, they had no
limit nor any equal, for they are holy elders * and angels in bodily form. »
So we arose and set ont by the will of God for the holy mount el-Asas, and
this saint served in the excellent way of their mode of life and imitated them
in all their righteous works and devotions. And he remained tliree years
dwelling in mount el-Asas, and served God in the excellenee of their manucr
of life and aecording to tho rute. 1

The fourth. Wonder of the holy Pisentius, may his prayer be with us.

One day when he was a monk, before he was called to the office of a
ishop, he was alone in a cell on mount el-Asas and there came to liim that
his brother aecording to the flesh to visit and get news of him, and
118 company was another man, a sound believer in the Lord. And they

*

with liim carly in that place, * and he asked them : « Have you any busi-
in this country? » And when they had received blessing from his pure
$ they answered : « We have come for a visit to thee, and to enquire
thy state, and that we may enjoy thy blessing, O holy father. Now

es and the business of this world have not let us devote ourselves

* fol. 107 b.

“fol. 108 a.

1. $. 32a. — ἃ. S. 22 b. — 3. S. « Had it not been for the cares of the world”

* fol. 107 b.

* fol. 108 a.
