[25] TIIE FOURTII WONDER. 337
SN al AR ὡρεις luas ‏ܕܫܘ‎ 6 GA YE doe ad om ‏ܘܕܨ ܕܠܘ‎
GLS d SE ym AA Ji Ga al Less Ub em ot S ο JC.
Les 66 EE Le sus UJ ο ‏ܐܨ‎ Lol is uo
SLE gU ‏ܕܦܨ‎ ou Lin elo ΟἹ dut U Lh o! coll Ge «85 LJ QUE
li GUI BAS UG Col (sie) ο ο ο BE Ge PUR cum οἱ
SN Dé Jus οἱ ο) sl ϱ ‏ܕܐܐ ܟܢܝ‎ Let Clas Qi Juss uis Et Us
XU Quels où Los QUI le cS aie, LAN τῷ Dé «Y eus ems
élue cb los LU JS eub) xí ον LA οἱ (ale LA
MN SE ‏ܦܨ‎ U D uus οἱ ο) dl οἱ ues J Gl LA Ud Sb ‏ܘܛ‎ 4
c Ds Aube arm ON nuum a8 (| (8x2 UJ JU. nao (e «ο
oS ὧδ «| JeY VM gata Ul ο) JE ὧν Elu los «ux Gil ‏ܐܨ‎

1. S. contrition. — 2. S. 24a.

man who was with him went on and executed their business according to
the adviee of the saint who had asked the Lord to prosper their way for
them, and they returned to him with haste at the first (hour) of the day, and
he was standing in his cell and reciting in quiet and peace and great watchfnl-
ness. When they heard him they sat down outside his cell and they said :
« lt is unsuitable that he should lack completing on our account, as will
be the case if we call to this saint. » And he stood reading until he eeased
from his recitation, and finished his prayer. And when he finished the
book of Jeremiah they stood up to knock at the door, and he began also
the recitation of Ezekiel the prophet and they sat down again and observed
politeness and did not call him until he finished the book of the prophot and
completed it and was silent, for it was the time of evening. Aud with
that* they knocked at the door and he answered them, he being inside,
saying : « Bless me. » And he examined them from a small window and
said to them : « [low long have you been here? » And they said to him :
We came about dawn and we did not presume to eall to thoe until thou
idst finish thy reciting. » Then at once did he weep and beat upon his
east and said to them : « Believe me, [ have suffered great loss to-day, and
my labour in which I have laboured is void and in vain. » Indeed our
jer Anba Pisentius said this because he loathed empty glory and did not
à that anyone at all should know that he recited or prayed. Now you

* fol. 109 b.

* fol 109}
