y

[15] ΡΒΟΒΜΙΌΜ. 327
‏.)ܕܝܢ‎ NC anm. QU Hé ὑοῦ enim ma ΟἹ d'os ‏ܦܨ ܐܠܝܟܢ‎
Sail sul GC ax dl ον ολ» AS 9 6
Sell al ‏ܨ‎ 2l nd ge Li qui Jus nube 39 as ioa JE UR
AIRE sul LAS ‏ܒܨ ܀‎ Lois ‏ܕܝܐ ܝܗܨ‎ AS καλοῦν LULYI SUY! ο)
ο 9 - < ull ‏ܒ ܠ‎ en Li aad Des 42
ces ble ‏ܕܐܝܐ‎ M Lise c ‏̈ܝܐ ܝ‎ Dex. ‏ܒܣ‎ sel RES “61,101.

Ta cl pps Labs ΟἹ cho db ‏ܕܐܠܚܨܫܐ ܕܢ ܠܐܚܝܕܐܒ̈‎ νὰ ο à
U- mb ds qe 13 Ub - «o6 ( 55 ‏ܝ ܘ ܘܒ‎ aid dal d
ge Qui que sul ‏ܢܢ‎ οὐ ‏ܦܨ‎ des ‏ܦܬܐ‎ Lis dua ai Lies ‏ܦܨ‎
‎η... JE οἱ LE ο GS 5 Lis de
JÉX Qi Ut Goal Lol Uds Οἱ «ixl he colis ο oil QUI
eb (Jb ὧν G3 odéd uud ο AUS ‏ܦܨ‎ 3l dl σὲ ο der

monks of his holy monastery who perform service to him to-day with great
joy, all clothed in bright garments and in the habit of angels, who share in
the orthodox faith and adhere to purity and virginity, adorned with wisdom
and meekness and lofty spiritual virtues. And their ehurch is like the
heavenly paradise with the odours of choice incense going up to the Lord
of Lords, and pure fragrant perfumes, and its lamps and candles glow like
bright shining heavenly stars. And, in fino, it is the likeness of the chureh
of the first-born, which is the heavenly Jerusalem of those who mingle the
sound of their canticles and the sweet * melody of their hymns with the * fol. 1015.
ranks of the apostles and prophets to cause sweetness with them in their
holy.company. Aud especially is there the Lord of heaven and the Spiri-
ual God, our God and Saviour Jesus-Christ, who says in his holy gospel :
» Where two or three are gathered in my name, I am with them and in
ir midst'. » — Truly he is so, and great indeed is the glory of our
nastery, and noble its repute, so that all the monasteries of the world
e not so great an honour. [Ὁ deserves such respect as this, for it is
tien : « The memory of the righteous is an excellent recollection?. »
when they commend the just, the nations exult and increase their joy.
ly the commemoration of our holy father Auba Pisentius is a plea-
ominemoration and joyful recollection : it is like perfume diffused and

tth. 18.20, — 2. Prov. 10.7.
