* fol. 102 a.

* fol. 1058.

* [0]. 102a.

* ful. 102 b.

328 THE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [16]
LU] ο 5 pe Sd 0 ul nam ait G de ^
del fé SY dis Mel Duos Lac dl uud ls polis
es il 4 DUO 34 φῦ 500 mà
deY ha 2.X6 QU QUI qm) oes duel Lels LE ial, c Ll
AN «961 «ἀλλ de Ge ates JE LUE ‏ܕܨ‎ 6 SEIS pol ΟΝ used ἐὰν
ll stt QU CU Le Eos due «SUE as ‏ܪ‎ pus ‏ܝܫܐ‎ ul » dis
Qu gue dl all dsl ‏ܟܢ‎ Ὁ GE OV ‏ܚܟ‎ le als ὁ o RI
3| ‏ܛܰܢ (ܐܚܝܕܐܝ̈‎ Vs ule ὅσια aat Jui US dos «6 US eux «i ἡ
jy BY «um ‏ܨ ܘܐܒ ܘܝܕܐ‎ su ‏ܒܨܢ ܐܙ ܨ‎ gl ‏ܢܦܝ‎ aul G ‏ܢܡܕ ܕܫܘ‎ US
den ‏ܐܨܝ‎ Us ‏ܦܚ‎ we lut ‏ܕܨܘ‎ Ge ‏ܕܐܠܚܪܨ‎ Call Got nl | τῷ
Jedi MUS δ ‏ܘܕܨ‎ ο Rs el Je uel Οὐ σῶν aee ‏ܠܐܨܢ ܠܐܨܢ‎
Ul «el en LER Giles pts MS Ll ae ‏ܘܒܼܨ ܨ‎ dà αἱ aad 2x be
T A ol ré cb £ 0 5 ‏ܐܚ‎ LS 0 £ ‏ܕܬܥ ܚܝ‎ ll

*

fragrant ambergris, and whenever the day and his name occurs “it causes
swectness in the mouths of all the faithful and those who hear it : they invoke
his excellent prayers in the time of trouble, and invoke his blessed name
grace of interces-
sion in the rest of the Christian race. Ile was the most excellent of monks

asthey sow seed in their fields and gardens, as it 1s the

in the communities and the joy of the ascetes in the deserts and solitary
places, the chief elder and pattern of ieaders, by his deeds a benefactor,
and the teacher of all men as concerning the kingdom of heaven. There-
fore assemble with us to-day all of you, O sons of spiritual philosophy 0
have indeed put on erowns of generosity and purity aud virginity, so that
we, the three disciples, may diselose to you the life of this holy father the
blessed chosen one, the main part of his life from one mouth, as the Lord
"says in his holy gospel that from the mouth of two or thrre witnesses every
speech shall be established and every statement verified; and you have
obviously reliable witnesses in heaven as we were with him, in the beginning
of his monastie life and until his burial we did not leave him but, were devot-
ed to his service, for we were his sons and disciples, ! the poor Theodore
the monk by name, from the desert of Scetis in the Wadi Hubaïb. The
Lord, — glory be to liim, — willed my going up to the Upper Laud and I
was led to the regions ol mount Shama and dwelt in the monastery south
of that mountain, which is known as the monastery of the holy Abu Bifam

