[13] PROEMIUM. 325
Al out Le ‏ܘܒܝܛ‎ A uoi om ΟΣ de à will Lab ο de
ELA Qul uit Ue lbs Lis SU tue Gs ‏ܠܐܫܢ‎ ail QU opte Οἱ tul
pe tmm ils vosges Ὀγὸ σαν OV T Hd QUE uix, CUL] debes trot op,
μάς JUN δω Lue Riz qe dé ‏ܛܢ‎ üyexy Lo Gol ull pal
deY gite Ub uud Gal pol ὦ aus Ge usd ‏ܐܐܕܬ‎ pal oy κ
U amma au lbs ἕως am ‏ܕܐܐ‎ Lelos ts Ld) Us WU QU οἱ
ων ee set οἱ Gi ‏ܐܐ‎ σα Jedi Crue! ‏ܐܠܨܢ‎ $E zl als
Ua d$ pe cU oium pre οὐ Le ‏ܦܫܐ‎ &| qe om b x UJ
DVI ale ad. Gaël «elit uie Qi Us elis acabe οἱ let

‎A : BV ὦ * fol. 1002.‏ ܝܬܝ ‎TAN ER eA CA Oe MI isi‏ 3 ܕܡܒ ܦܢ
‎on)‏ ܐܝܐ 5.45 ܝ ‎ces OK AI à‏ = ܒ ‎ND ass JJ 3 Ass‏
‎els‏ ܒ ‎mes eh le 5 LV hio Ge G3 9 Ge ym‏ 03

‎our father Anba Pisentius, and brightness and illumination were perpetually
upon us both by day and by night. May he intercede for us that the Lord
may heal our sicknesses and cure our infirmities and pardon us our offences.
‘Now, 0 my beloved, our hearts arc glad and our souls cheerful at hea- * fol. 99 b.
ring the voice of the apostles waruing us and exhorting us at all times
and awakening our minds by urging us to the commemoration of this father
the perfect and blessed one whom we commemorate to-day, our holy father
Anba Pisentius, because he was to us a father and teacher and director
and bishop and shepherd and peace maker, and united us with the bond
of love by his love to us and by his acceptable devout prayers whereby we
have been enriched and the way has been opened before us to the ascetic
life and angelic service. And so we know that he 15 amongst us glad and
happy to-day, with all of us at our assembly in his holy church and in
our great hope without disappointment for his holy intereession. And
here now in this * glorious feast come tle ranks of the saints whom God "rot 1002.
invited to gladness. And, on account of their coming, came the holy king
David, the excellent reciter and collector of admirable melodies, in whose
hand is the spiritual harp of divine praise, who trills and recites within the
ranks of the fathers and saints, as befits his glory; and so itis said : « The
company of the righteous shall be in remembrance for ever and ever, and
their horn shall be exalted with glory '. » And elsewhere it 1s said : « The

‎1. Ps. 111.9.
