* fol. 106 b.

* fol. 107a.

* fol. 106 b,

* fol. 107 a.

334 THE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [22
e? GÀ pu αἱ ον at YU GUN &l (unm Uy vues αἱ le JI
Je Ai ο ‏ܘܐܕ ܐܝܼܨ‎ die ye Vl ‏ܧܐܨ‎ al Le Gel αἷς ob les
LL ‏ܢܦܟ‎ oo Ul ο δὲ Le ule lol 39. ὁ 595 bum phil G sas «lt
£ Deal ‏ܐܨܝ‎ AA ses xl QJ OY Q9 ‏ܕܐ ܒܨ‎ Qi Li ue «ἡρ GE
‏|ܠܐ܀‎ JE es um ‏ܐܨ‎ des αὐ ont Ul Lt ‏ܐܢܐ‎ Gal vis ὦ λάτ ipe du
ede ‏ܕܐܨ‎ ὍΝ ‏ܘܕܨ‎ Lee ος ‏ܐܨ‎ ους «νὰ LÁ UE ps plie σφι, ‏ܒ‎
‎0! 6 ον ei Lis QJ esl uud DE ddl SY abel Lees] Roe ass
au Al xm qs bel ci «οἱ les ^ e Αἱ coh dé «ut ‏ܦܨ‎
‎ὁ ϱὗ JU ΟΥ) Ja ‏ܦܨ‎ Je ‏ܘܳܐ«‎ ος dues de il ο) ume οὐ
Qt ‏ܕܐܚܟ‎ ο Gl LAS cU Gt «urs ‏ܨܐ‎ albel el di UI des
A5 de ¥ él él Ub le ue &adl le $i pU. Qt Ul
σ᾽ Ὁ Gel QUE UST ‏ܢܝܨ‎ dues αὐ cum ¥ «| cies ΘῈΣ QUI aes Jy

only daughter. And when the hour came for her to bear child she remain-
0:17 tliree days labouring to give birth and was unable to give birtli, and
her parents despaired of her as being at the point of death.  Forthwith the
young woman's father arose and went down to mount Shama, he was in
great sorrow and grief aad he fell prostrate at the feet of the holy Anba
Piseutius, and he weeping said : « O holy man, be merciful to me and take
pity on my only daughter, for 1 have but one daugliter, and death is near and
within a little while she will leave iliis world. » "Then our father Anba
Piseutius. entered into liis (cell?) and prayed to God speaking with great
earnestuess aud. humility, and weeping with grieved heart : and he took a
small quantity of water and prayed over it and. signed it with the sign of
the cross aud. gave it to tle young woman's father saylug : « Go and give
her this water in faith and it will be that when she drinks it God will relieve
her ° and give her rest.» And at once he started out from tlie saint's pre-
sence in firm faith, and went to his daughter. And at his arrival he asked
saving : « [s she still alive? » Aud thev said to him : « Yes. » Then lie
went iu to her with that water and gave it to her, and she drank it in faith.
ud at once she gave birth to a male child, aud they called him by tlie name
ol the holy Anba Pisentius. And the report spread abroad greatly in the
city and all its environs. And when he saw that there was no benefit to
him therein because of the empty glory of men, and he feared that his labour
would be in vain, he conversed with me again sayiug : « Let us go to the

