[37] THE SEVENTII \WONDER. 349
‏ܒ‎ & co 6 A ul ddl Ja Lot LUE) (sic) al Lis de Y ax
a ‏ܝ‎ 3: 3 ( us = Gé οἱ E 5 ὃν UE ass οἱ sur dé ule
‏ܩܘܫ‎ Qul JE «oko ét Us dl ‏ܧܐܨ‎ Ut ο) de UE uus SUL, Ali
ὁ ὍΔ db es all ‏ܝܐܘ‎ as Lus A he οἱ UE UE us os sul
Omm οὐ dil ui oam οἱ SUE S dt Gil ‏ܦܟ‎ al SU uua ‏ܐܘ‎ JE
4€ ue» Le οἱ 13h ‏ܐܐܝܨ‎ p oos 0 dau ( 5 DE 3 3 - rna.
οἷς ob ‏ܐܨ‎ ἢ dt ο 90 le ‏ܐܝܐ‎ ος tés LUN Οὐ eis dl à
Qt Ul CSI GLS Lol LI Test us Qc ml ais Ὑ ο eum ο)
ὁ dites Des ‏(ܐܝܣܨ‎ Gi Gi Us ‏ܐܝܟ‎ ail Gun at dti ad Le
Ul Et QU at Qi Cul cul μόν QUI CENT ule bte Quy dus
o! cul DEN JS ail él dé ha Je ‏ܐܨ‎ Eee cab pots

1. B. the shepherd saw that Pisentius' «appearance was like that of an angel ». |
B. then passes to Wonder (711. 118. a. below). — S. 37. a. Inserts homiletie matter.

footseps again, because of the weakness of (my) body, because of the weakness
of (my) body (sic) to bring the bucket and the rope. O God, Lord Almighty,
command the water to rise from the hottom of the well to the top until it
reaches the brim, so that 1 may fill my jar with it and 1 can devote myself
io thee the rest of the days of my lile. For thou didst command the great
oue, thy apostle Peter, saying, « Come to me walking upon the water ». And
when he had finished his prayer he said, Amen. The water rose from the
ottom of the well until it reached the brim, and so the saint filled his jar
rom that water. Then the saint said to it: « The Lord, — blessed be he, —
is he who commands thee, O water, to sink to the bottom until ° tliou art * 101. 117 a.
t thy resting place. » Then the water began siuking to tlie bottom, des-
nding from the brim of the well. Behold, there was a shepherd who pas-
ed his sheep in the thicket and he approached the mouth of the well aud
wthc water descend, going down to tlie bottom of the well until it returned
e more to its former level. To whom shall 1 likeu thee, O thou truly
sed saint, our father Anba  Pisentius? — Thou art like Moses the law-
{` who divided the sea and led the children of Israel across in tlie midst
iat they walked on dry ground. So thou, our father the holy Auba
tius didst raise. thy fame to the heights of heaven. In thee truly was
