* fol. 99 a.

* fol. 9" a.

324 THE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [12]
JL as δὲ «LUE AY JS Co M ΝΥ
M Xe (x d gu gm Ὁ σὸς ‏ܕܝܨ‎ ce ‏ܠܐܚܨܐ‎ ges Dès ἀρ «uei
de 6 sul JE HI  - 3 elo iue mél «ὦ» ét
rl muy ο σον! Al Ji μμ μις
mal ol ὧν ὁ tel Li pull LE cal αὐ Um ll ah
ed SUV US ce nel ble παλ) ul ai Ale AS Lisa
Ü xt M etd ley] Au Le ey. Le Ὁ cob ass il
mas EX Ui. At ci οἱ οἱ QU él μαι ‏ܘܐ ܨܢ‎ all c owe
Ὁ del ‏ܚܐܚ‎ SL A pelos rl Qa2Us ques ὧς ER. D
dé «pb blo «ul οἱ) all QUI de ο Roi de ‏ܐܕܐ‎ el
2 Lai Ji Lil ὁ LE ( ο 5 Lelet at ὁ VEUT eus

light of spleudour and heavenly glory above all the days of the vear. And
we find mankind in general exult and rejoice, and the beasts of the field
pasture and disport themselves, and the birds of the sky sing and give glory
on the feast day. lis blessing enfolds them and the grace of his prayers
and intercessions possessed of saving excellence and glorious memory
spread to every place, and the lofty spiritual virtues extended to the ends
of the earth provide them the lamp which shines with the oil of unders-
tanding and heavenly wisdom. In truth our hearts are merry to-day,
O thou who didst strive in tlie teaching of the sound faith which confesses
and preaches the doctrine of the Lord Christ, thy prayers directed us
and were to us a fortress and stronghold against the enemies * opposed
to us as they were full of tlie saving perfumes of paradise. So let us
take to ourselves the words of the noble prophet learned in the scrip-
tures, ihe blessed king David, the father of Christ in the body, who said :
€ ''hou didst guide thy people like sheep by Moses and Aaron, and thou
didst direct them to thy holy mountain, the mountain which thou didst
obtain for thyself by thy own right hand »'. That is the holy mountain of
el-Asas to which came thy prayers and which thy abundant teaching illumi-
nated, for the sun's rays and brightness are during the day time only, aud
iu the evening and night thev pass away, but light and brightness was on
mount el-Asas when God favoured it with the presence of this pure saint

1. Ps. 77. 52-54.

