* fol. 115a.

* fol. tI» n.

346 CNE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [34]
° ‏ܕܩܕ‎ ο ο ο ὦν TU ο ‏ܘܕܘ‎ πὸ po ο ΟΣ Jub
4 Js 5e ael uU. UN ‏ܘܕܨ¿‎ uus Gel σοῦ ‏ܹܐ ܐܨ‎ out ds ὁ cab
GÀ AA J6 LS JU à LS dl dll ο) al ὦ Got ΟἹ ail
Us ° ‏ܚ‎ UE Jon ο pu Y 4Y aui ο ο...
ος Les UE dots Tu té ‏ܝܐܘ‎ δῷ PLI σοῦ Ul ail ρῶν
zi οἱ @ ge ‏ܦ‎ le LE par Y QU SUR ur Db UE a ue utes
£ 5 U$ ΝΑ 859 3b» Je ax Uh «ἐς St «deb él
re$ ae οὐδ ot Ul Ut Dual Mis die Ji cu6 Y cts sul
Ape 5 O6 TO Usus 9 5 0 νάριό εἰ) ams 5 Paule ae
vw πὸ LUN UE eub. QU Lit ULL al Dies ΩἹ ὦ» οἱ

1-1. S. « to the holy man « — 2-3. B. om. —3. S. « he had not yet become a bishop».
-- 8-5. S. om. — 5-5. B. S. omit. — 6. B. kGA«o^- — 7. B. « about noon ». S. 34, a.
« for it was the time for filling 1110 water pots with water ». — 8. S. « let not
his heart be grieved » (rep.). — 9. S. « leaping out of the water and throwing itself
about ». — 10. S. « at the very place where tlie blessed À. P. went to the river to fill
his water pot the fish eame to the bank, — now it was the current of the water flood

body wasted away by the length of liis disease. And one day he louged for a
little bit of fishanl said to our holy father Anba Pisentius who was a monk
at the time : « O my father, indeed [ long for a little bit offish, but there is
none. » Aud the holy Anba Pisentius said to him : « Perhaps God will give
thee thy request to-day as thou hast asked. For the prophet said: Cast
thy care upon the Lord and he will provide for thee and sustain thiec as
thon dost need, for he does not ever suffer the rigliteous to perish. » *. Aud
the holy Anba Pisentius went to lll his jug with water, it was in the
days of the increase of the Nile, aud the saint was walking along and besec-
ching God Most lligh, saying : « O God, do not permit the heart of this
brother to be grieved, but if it hethy will, © him his hearts desire. »
Aud when he went upon tlie bauk, all the earth was covered witli water and
flooded, because it was a year of a great Nile. Aud our holy father Pisentiu
observed and saw a great [δι swimining on the surlacc of tlie. water, —
what a greal divine miracle, — and just where the saint was he intended
zo down io the waterand draw the fish to land, but the stream seized it à
east it on the bank without trouble or dillienlly, at the very spot where 65
