` fol. 108b.

* fol. 109 a.

* lol. 108 b.

* fol. 1092.

336 THE LIFE OF S. PISENTIUS. [24]
Sie ele Let Us diy Οἱ Gite ges ¬ UAI lise dois 3 Ue
‏ܥܐܒܼܝ̈ܐ‎ δ que Ub deas ‏ܐܠܐܘ‎ Gar. DP US! V Je Gé ο ‏ܐܟܘ‎ AX
di ‏ܘܕܨ‎ δρ suu s dis El Ὁ «Mb οἱ) οἱ bas QUE ceo ορ
μι ‏ܠܩܬܫܐ‎ Dus ο Qul ο Ul Je Gandi vul GSC. ‏ܐܨ‎ sse
ο ‏ܚܝܨ‎ ede Ulis Ale ελὸ ‏ܦܨܐ‎ Ces δὲ Gad is ΟΥ VI PG YE οὐ!
οἱ ‏ܐܨ‎ de Lis Vas ο da Goa! de qe» «ον.
is A es ο LE ua bien CE bis SE ο...
λα τω me ‏ܘܕܨ‎ beg ci Got GT LIL We Gé CU Bb ae
‏ܐܐܫܵܬܝ ܢܝܨ‎ Lt ‏ܘܕ‎ ligue GI Fed Juil DV Οὐδ eV ai les Gs (e ol

1. S. 38 ἃ, — 2. S. omit. — 3. S. 23. b. — 4. S. Jeremiah.

io visit thee, but for many days we have been longing to see thoe, and
also we have a little business in this country. But pray for us, O father,
that God may direct us and make smooth our way until we have finished
our business and then we will return to thy holiness if God so wills for
us therein, and to reccive blessing from thy pure paternity before we
return to our dwelling. » The saint answered and said : « Set out in the
peace of tho Lord. But take care of your souls, O beloved excellent sons, for
this world ‘which we are in is only vain deceit, and our stay in it is briof,
they will not let ns remain in it permanently. So guard yonr souls in the
villages, that ye have no intercourse with a bad woman, nor take usury from
the poor, and if at any time ye have a debt against anyone, do not tronble
him nor deal harshly with him, nntil God grant him some subsistence so that
he may repay you. But keep watch over your souls and guard your hearts,
so that God may have mercy on you according to his great mercy.» And
they answered him saying : « Pray for us, our holy father Anba Pisentius. »
And forthwith they went out from his presenee and went on their way and
glorified God for the words of advice and wholesome instruction they had
heard from our holy father Anba Pisentius. And when they went away
the ascetie father arose standing on his feet and began to recite' the book
of the prophet Isaiah from its beginning. And his brother and the other

