‎LIFE OF IOIIN OF HEPHAESTOPOLIS. 530‏ }1337
ܡܝܢ ܫܒܥܝܢ ܓܟܒܪܙ̈ܝܢ ܟܢܝܫܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ‎ease | μθο‏ ܕܒܠܥܼܝܐ ‎ο κ‏
ܒܕܪܬܐ ܡܥܪܒܫܬܐ ܕܦܠܩܚܐ ܕܝܠܗ ‎Mas‏ ܡܪܝ ܝܘܚܢܝܢ ( ܢܬܟܢܫܘܢ)`.. ܬܡܝܢ ܥܕܒܕ
ܐܢܘܢ ܒܠܬܠܫܐ. ‎Mb so µσοιο‏ ܬܘܒ ‎oot Kiss‏ ܠܦܢ ܘܣ ܘܡܝܢ ܬܡܢ
ܠܐܠܝܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ ܘܠܦ ܠ ܣܛܛܚܢ ܐ ,+ ‎ie‏ ܥܥܒܕܝܢܬܐ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ. ܟܙ ܡܬܕܡܪܝܢ ܚܢܝܢ
ܒܬܛܫܒܘܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܕܐܥܝܪܬܗ ‎μοι‏ ܒܪ ܐܢܫܐ ܠ ܣܥܘܪܘܬܐ | ܕ]ܲܡܗܝ̈ܡܢܐ܆. ܘ ‎[us‏ 3
‎Hes & [| 3. -..|‏ ܬܘܒ ܝܗܼܒܬ ¦ ܠ ܗ. ܟܕ ܘܟܠܗ ܙܒܥܐ ‎Joón‏ ܗܘܐ ‎RS‏ ܐܘܠܨܢܐ
‎X Jess ves‏ ܗܘܘ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ. ܘܐܝܟ ܕܠܝܣܒܪܐ ̇ ܛܒܐ ܘܝܪܘܽܘܒܐ
ܕܫܝ̈ܐܠܼܬܗܘܢ¦' ܠܗ ‎«“Δουδὸ‏ ܗܘܘܢ. ‎où‏ ܕܐܦ ܗܼܦܟ ‎[ὁ‏ ܘܐܫܟܝܝ ܠ ܣܓܝܐܐ
ܕܠ ܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎Rime‏ ܠܗ. ܡܛܠ ܕܟܕ ܛܒ ܒܪܗ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎bit Lo‏
ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ.. ‎NAM‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܪ ܐܢܫܐ ‎LR etel eos‏ ܪ ܡܢ ܕܚܥܬܗ. ‎Lao‏
‎Lofi ons‏ ܛܢܢܗ ‎la-sio‏ ܛܒܘܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎KEY Jak oc»‏ ܠܢ ‎Loc,‏
‏ܐܘܪܟܐ ܟܠܗ ‎Js.‏ ܢܬܐ ‎OS‏ ܟܕ ܙܥܘܪܖ̈ܝܬܐ ܡܝܢ ܕܝܠܗ — ‎te‏ ܕܥܠ
ܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ ܕܣܥܘܪܘܬܗ. ܟܕ ܡܢ ܗܝ ‎Sfr‏ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܗܝ ܡܝܢ ܕܥܠܡܡܠܠܘܬܗ̇: ‎We.‏
‎oil pee ἘΠῚ‏ ܘܕܡܟܫܟܘܬܗ ܦܬ ܩܢܝܢ. )1992 ܠܒܪ ܡܝܢ ‎Lan)‏ ܕܬܚܝܘܡܐ

‎1. Me. ‏ܦܝ‎ — 2. Ms. om. — 3, The supplement of ¥, D. and L. does nol agree with [hie ins; ἃ

‎disjoined letter preeedes 2 — 1, ( ooa. — ὃν As, ‏ܡܝ‎

‎were assembled; and', thev having been instrucled to assemble! bv night in
the opeu space in the western court of lle paved. precinet (9) (21) of the
same house of Mar John, he there ordained them by might. And so from
that place we again &eparated, he to Chios and thenee 10 \lexandria and to
Palestine, and we to the roval city, wondering at the grace of God which
had stirred up this man to visit the believers, and hiul given him moreover

‎to the whole eliureh, while all the time that he had been away
those wlio eame to the eitv had been in distress and had been wauting Dor
him as a good hope and à granter of their requests. And he also returned
and 6:11110, and lound many. in distress and waiting lor him; since, though
there were many others in the city itself, there Was no man wliosoever Lo
slrekehi out his hand to ordain by reason of his ἴσαν. Those things, on account
ol the abundance of his zeal and the greatness of the gooduess of God with
the man, impelled us to stray into such à Length of narrative, while we have
repeated few ol his actions, such as relate to the method in which he carre
out his visitation, while on that which is iileed too great to tell, the subject

‎ol the rest of his brave character and his hunility, we have kept silence, lest

‎I. Ms oiu. — 2. Ms. loru.
