sr

‎JOHN OF. EPHESUS. [322‏ 524
ܠܡ ܚܥܘ̈ܬܐ ܥܣܪ ܚܪ̈ܡܬܐ ܘܒܠܕ̈ܝܪܝܬܐ܆. ܗܥܝܢ ܕܒܝܢܬܬܗܝܢ ܠܢܛܘܪܬܝ ܐܬ ܐܣܪܬ
ܕܐ ܙܠ ܠܪܗܘܡܐ … ܗܟܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܒܗ ܒܕܡܘܬܐ ܠܗܢܐ ‎Ra)‏ ܠܘ ܥܣܪ ܒܠܚܘܕܼ..
ܐܠܐ ܘܣܓܝܐ:ܬܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܐ ܢܬܡܼܨܐ ܗܘܐ ܐܢܫ ܠܓܡܪ ܡܢ ܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ ܕܢܬܩܪܒ

‏ܠܘܬܗ. ܟܕ ‎oo‏ ܠܚܘܙܐܝܬ 1 ܚܒܝܫ ܗܘܐ .܆. ܘܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ ܬܝܢ ܕܕܒܝܩܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎ο ος‏

‏ܠܚܘܕܐܝܬ܆. ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܐܦ ܗܢܘܢ ܐܓܘ̈ܢܣܛܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ. ܘܙܘܟܢܐ ‎μοι»‏ ܐܓܘܢܐ
‎coin λα‏ ܒܣܗܕܘܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܣܗܕܘܬܗ܂. ܡܥܬܗ ‎eé‏
‏ܕܐܦ ‎μ.ο Lois LS Rs‏ ܪܓܝܫ ܗܘܐ ‎ds‏ . ܫܘܠܡܐ ‎σοι [Las‏ ܕܠܟܠ ‎“αἱ‏
‏ܡܿܥܤܗܕ ܙܘܘܐ ܘܡܿܙܗܪ ‎NS‏ ܕܥܬܝܕܐ ܠܡܐܬܐ. ‎οὐδὲ‏ ܕܝܢ ܙ̈ܕܘܦܝܐ ‎Lie‏ ܒܘܣܟ̈ܣܐ
ܕܡܙܘ̈ܝܡܢܐ. ܚܣܝܪܘܬܐ ܕܪ̈ܥܘܬܐ܂. ܥܡ ܫܪܟܐ ‎Lio LS;‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎exec] eh‏
ܡܢ ܟܘܠ ܓܒܫ̈ܝܢ. ܥܠ ܟܝܪܘܛܘܢܫܐ ‎As‏ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܓܝܪ ‎οὐδὲ‏ ܕܝܢ ܠܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ
‎HS‏ ܗܘܘ ‎Was‏ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ.ْ ܘܬܢܝܢܘܬܐ ‎xv‏ ܗܘܘ ܠܗܘܢ. ܘܡܢܗܘܢ ܐܬܘܬܐ
ܡܒܡ̈ܕܐ ܥܪܩܫܝܢ 000+ ‎«ολο‏ ܚܫ̈ܝܗܘܢ ‎Les‏ ܗܘܘ. ܡܢܗܘܢ ܒܚܝܒܘ̈ܫܝܐ
‎lise‏ ܡܢ ‎ca JL‏ ܗܘܘ. ܘܡܥܗܘܢ ‎v Jiais‏ ܥܠܡܡܐ ܕܡ̈ܡܕܝܢܬܐ
‎cr‏ ܗܘܘ. ‎2à‏ ܕܐܦ ܥܠ ܚܢܦ̈ܐ ‎y» ο.‏ ܕܚܝܠܐ ܗܘܬ . ܗܪܟܐ ‎liM:‏

‎custody that 1 might go to Rome ». So therefore. in the sume wav there
were committed ' to this man not ten ouly, hut rather many, so that no one
whosoever among tlie believers was able to approach him, he being confined
alone, and two? blessed men that were attached to him alone, who also were
combatants (éyevisrai); and thus he ended his life in this conflict (ἀγών) in a
great martyrdom. — And thereupon after his martyrdom his words, of which
he had also gained intimation by the revelation of tlie 1101) Spirit, received
accomplishment, for le would testify to every man and warn him concerning
wliat was about to come, viz. violent persecutions, lacerations of the believers,
scarcity of pastors, with the rest of tlie sore distresses, even as they were
Some, that 1s
many, thev seized in every city and re-ordained ; and some fled to distant

‎from all sides laid upon those of his ordination (γειροτονία;.
regions, and there ended their lives; some departed. from life under impri-
sonments and stripes; and some were burnt with fire in the sight of the
peoples of the cities”. A thing which perhaps even the ancient pagans
would fiave been afraid to do, Christians were here thrown into the fire and

‎1. Sie, — 2. Acc. 1ο Elijah tp. 88, 90, 92) Lhere were at lirsl 5, one was removed and afterwards
broughl back, and two were persuaded to leave. — 3, This refers Lo Cyrus, a presbyter of Ariida, who

‎is said lo have been burnt in Ihe /etropylon by bp. Abraham (*Zach. Bh," x. 3; À. O., 11, p. 52; Mich,

‎p.27.
