rh.

M IOUN OF. EPHESUS. ET

‎Faso: Lis‏ ܐܝܟ ܫܢܝ̈ܐ ܥܣܪ. ‎fois‏ ܕܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ ܕܒܟܘܠܕܘܟ.. ܥܠ ܟܝܪ̈ܛܘܢܝܚܣ
ܡܬܠ ܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܘܬܪܝܘ ܠܡܼܪܗܛ ܠܘܬ ܐܦ ܝܣܧ̈ܦܐ ܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ. ܗܢܘܢ ܕܝܢ ‎ρα‏
‏ܐܝܟ ܡܢ ܕܪܢܝܢ ܗܘܘ: ܕܕܥܡܐ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܢܓܘܙܥܘܢ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ ‎ικα ην Doll‏
ܡܢ ܗܕܐ ܡܫܬܐܠܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܕܓܠܝܐܝܬ ܢܬ ܚܫܚܘܢ ‎à‏ ܐܦܢ ܒܟܣܝܐ ܡܕܡ
ܡܕܡ ܣ݀ܥܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ‎hd ciao‏ ܕܪ̈ܕܝܦܐ ܡܢ ܟܠ ܕܘܟ ܕܡܗܝ̈ܡܢܐ ܥܠ ܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ
‎eMe‏ ܟܕ ܣܓܝ܂ ‎ep‏ ܟܕ ‎uso οἱ‏ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ ܒܟܠܙܒܢ.. ܕܢܬܠܘܢ
ܐܝܕܐ ܕܟܝܪܘܛܢܝܐ ܠܥܕܬܐ ܕܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ܂. ܡܛܠ ܕܛܒ ‎exis] Lo JS‏ ܠܘܬ
ܚ̈ܕܕܐ ܐܦܚܣܩ̈ܦܐ ܟܠܗܘܢ.. ܘܡܬܚܫܒܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܕܡܢܐ ܙܥܒܕܘܢ. ܐܢ ܢܬܠܘܢ ܐܝܕܐ
‎fias ° «νι‏ ܕܡܗܝ̈ܡܢܐ ܡܢ ܟܠ ܕܘܟ.. ܘܢܡܡܿܥܝܢ ‎"sey‏ ܘܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ
ܡܬܓܘܙܠܝܢ. ܘܒܝܕ ܗܕܐ ܪܟܘ ܠܡܫܬܬܐܠܠܢܘܬܐ ܕܡܢ )145 ‎ms‏ ܕܚܠܬܐ. ܗܝܕܝܢ
ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܬܝܒ: ܕܐܥܝܪ ܘܒܕܪܝܐ ܪܘܗ ܕܙܘܪܒܒܠ ܘܪܘܚܗ ‎sas,‏ ܒܪ ܝܘܙܕܩ ‎Lo‏
‏ܪܒܐ: ‎γα; asas.‏ ܘܠܡܒܢܐ ܒܝܬܗ ‎"μον‏ ܗܟܢܐ ܐܦ ܗܪܟܐ ‎μα.‏ ܗܘܬ ܠܡܐܡܢ܆.
‎la wh‏ ܪܘܚܗ ‎jai xa)‏ ܘܠܡܣܥܪ ܠܥܕܬܗ ܕܡܪܝܐ܆. ܕܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ

‎1. Corr. from ses ‏,ܟܠܗܘܢ‎ — 2, Letter appy. erased before this word,
‏ܢ‎ PP

‎believers every where were in difliculties about ordinalions {χειροτονίας) τ and
they began to have recourse to the believing bishops. But (he blessed
men. inasmuch as thev were troubled by fear of lighting the furnace. of
persecution ‘more hotly against them, refused to practise this! openly,
though they did a few things in secret: and à murmuring on thefpart of thosc
among the believers who had been banished from every quarter began to
be stirred up against the blessed men'since thev had been reduced to great
dillieulties, while thev spoke and sent messages to them at all times, asking
them lo give a hand of ordination (χειροτονία) to the church. of the believers,
‘because it is in great difficultios'. Then all the bishops assembled toge-
ther, and considered what to do. 1f thev should give the hand * crowds of
believers will come from every quarter,'and the persecutors will hear it, aud
be inore inflamed with rage; aud on this ground they; finally οὐ of. fear
refused the thing. Then, as it is written that ‘The Lord stirred up the
spirit of Zurbabel and the spirit of Joshua the son of Jozadak the high-priest
to stand up and build tlie Lord's house'?, so also here it were filtiny to say
that the Lord stirred up the spirit of John to stand upi'and visit ilie. Lord's

‎0) < 3 6 — 2. Ezra, v, 2: 5.43 p, 14. .
