ܙ ? ±

528 JOHN OÙ EPIHUÉSUS. [326]

ܘܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܙܒܬܐ ‎DS) La‏ ܕܒܪܥܝܘܬܗ ‎“Ὁ Lisa)‏ ܗܘܐ ܗܝ ܕܒܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ
‎ον‏ | ܟܕ ‎oo‏ ܠܐ ‎ax‏ ܗܘܐ ܐܬܩܪܝ 009 ܥܘ̈ܬܙܐ ܡܟܝܠ ‎sos:‏ ܥܠ
ܗܿܝ ܕܚܕ ܡܢ ܡ̈ܠܦܙܐ ܒܬܘܠܬܐ ܡܨܪܝܬܐ ܡܫܡܗܐ ܠܗ̇ ܐܬܬܥܝܪܘ. ܘܩܪ̈ܒܐ ܚܣ̈ܝܢܐ
ܘܚܖ̈ܒܐ ܣܓܺܝܐܬܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܐܝܬ ܥܝܕܐ ܠܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܗܳܝ ܪܒܬܐ܂ ‎ài‏ ܗܽܘܝܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܘܛܘܒܢܐ
‎fsancmis)s La;‏ ܬܐܘܙܘܣܝܘܣ ܥܡ ܫܪܟܐ ܕܝ̈ܕܝܥܐ̇ ܕܫܘܠܬܛܢܗ ܡܝܢ ܟܘܪ̈ܣܘܬܗܘܢ
ܐܬܕܚܝܼܩܘ.. ܘܐܦ ܠܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ‎Qao aol]‏ ܒܝܢ ܐܢܢܝܐ ܝܕܝ̈ܥܐ ܡܢ
ܕܡܠܝܟܘܬܐ. ܟܕ ‎Cia‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܕܥܝܩܘܒܬܐ.. ܕܕܠܡܐ ܒ̈ܠܘܚܡܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܒܓܘܪ̈ܓܐ
ܠܫܘܬܦܘܬܐܼ ܕܥܡܗܘܢ ‎«oer‏ ܐܢܘܢ . ܘܟܕ ܚܣܫܬܐܝܬ ‎as N53]‏ ܘܠܐ ܐܬܡܟܚܘ ‎οὗν,‏
‏ܕܪܐ ܕܒ̈ܢܦܫܬܗܘܢ.. ܐܟܣܘܪܝܐ ‎und‏ ܝܕܝܥܬܐ ܘܩܦܫܝܬܐ ܠܗ ܠܝܩܕܝܫܐ ܪܝܫܐ
ܕܐܦܫ̈ܣܩܘܦܐ ܘܠܟܠܝܗܿ ‎La amxsjl soo, Liouaw‏ ܥܡ ܝܕܝ̈ܥܐ ܕܩܠ ܪܘܣ
ܐܝܟ ° ܬܠܬܡܐܐ ‎ας +, AOCHLDO‏ ܒܬܐܪܩܝܐ ܥܠ ‎ut Lormd‏ ܐܬܝܗܼܒܬ ܩܣܛܛܪܐ
ܚܕܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ܂ ܕܪܩܘܣ. ܗܺܝ ‎Os‏ ܙܒ̈ܢܝܝܢ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܢ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ ܕܩ̈ܕܝܫܐ: ܐܦ ‎IS‏
‏ܛܘܒܢܐ ܓܡܝܪܐ 539( ܣܟܐ ‎ss Léa Jia) aoro‏ ܝܗܐ: ‎où‏ ܕܡܢ ܐܬܪܐ

1. Ms. ‏.ܡܬܡܗ‎ — 2, Ms, hy — ἂν Ms. sing.: corr, V. UO. and L.

years during which the blessed man had distinguished himself in his pasto-
rate, to which he had been ealled by the providence of God against his own
will, preparations for persecutions were then stirred up against her whom
oue of the doetors names ‘the Egyptian virgin'', and severe fighting and
much slaughter took place in it; as is common in that great city ; and tlie blessed
archbishop Theodosius with the rest of the eminent men of his jurisdiction
were? driven from their sees, aud they were also invited to the roval city and
went up thither through certain. eminent men attached. (o the court, the
adversaries thinking that bv threats or blandishments they might perhaps
bring them to communieate with them?. — And, when they resisted strenuously
aud they were unable to overeome the constaney that was in their souls, a
well-known * and cruel. place of exile (ἑξορία) was then given to the holy
archhishop himself and the whole of his company (συνοδίχ), the bishops with
the most eminent clergy (κλῆρος), abont threc hundred of them, in the interior
of Thraee a day's journey. (λανσίων) oll, a certain lortress (κάστρα) called
Dereus, to which also we often used to go to visit the same saints, as well as
the blessed man the perfect and great old. man Z‘ura the celebrated Syrian

ἘΠῚ do nol know 1110 -ource of this quotation. — 2. Sie syr. — 3. Sec Iutrod., p. v. — à. Or

* detinite '.
