ar

b.

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [318]‏ 20^
‎ado x + JLas AN «lle vU] λα»‏ ܠܐܚܚ̈ܕܝ ‎μᾶλα.‏ ܘܕܥܕ̈ܬܐ ‎ado‏
‏ܡܡܙܡܪܢ 001 ‎Jl. μα]‏ | ܡܐܢܘ ܕܐܦ ‎οὐ‏ ܕܐܚܝܕ ܗܘܐ ܫܘܠܛܢܐ ܕܡܠܟܘܬܐ
‎xu‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܢܟܬܒܘܢ. ܠܘܩܕܡ ܥܠ ‎Loos‏ ܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ.. ܘܥܠ ܟܠܗ ܦܪܗܣܝܐ
ܕܗܘܼܬ ܠܗܘܢ.. ܘܗ݀ܝ ܕܝܢ ܥܠ ‎où‏ ܕܥܒܝܕ ܥܕܥܬܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ. ܘܡܢ ܗ݀ܝ ‎ς‏ ܢܦܫܗ
ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܡܨܝܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܕܢܪܝܡܘܢ.. ܟܕ ‎Lolo δες. λογος‏ ܘܦܘܪ̈ܓܬܐ !
‎δα‏ ܕܡܿܠܟܐ.. ܗܥܝܢ ‎vr‏ ܗܘܘ ܟܘܪ̈ܣܘܬܐ ܠܗ ‎vM‏ ܗܘܘ + ܕܐܢ

‎*

‎DM‏ ܟܚܪܘܛܘܙܝܐ܂ ‎eM ooo Jesu‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܗܠܝܢ. ܕܠܝ ܡܘܗܒܬܐ ܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ
ܡܶܡܩܟܬܐ܂. ‎so‏ ܡܬܬܓܪ ܐܢܐ܂ ܘܠܐ ‎LI δις‏ ܟܕ ܗܕܐ ܬܗܘܘܢ ‎xS‏ ܕܟܘܠ
ܟܡܐ ܕܐܝܬܝ ܒܚ̈ܝܐ ܦܓܖ̈ܢܝܐ ܘܝܗܝܒܐ'݀ ܠܝ ܐܝܕܐ ‎ol}‏ ܠܡܿܢ ‎meum‏ ܠܐ
ܐܢܬܘܢ ܘܠܐ ‎Jas] Is‏ ܡܢ ܬܫܟܠܦܬܐ ‎ils [3336 CN con,‏ ܠܐ 229326«
ܠܝ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܛܘܝܒܗ ܘܠܒܫܒܘܬܗ ‎xo ao NN. «ο. ο κ‏ ܗܘܘ.
ܘܡܟܝܠ ܠܘ ‎Los‏ ܦܪܗܣܝܐ ܩܕܡܝܬܐ ‎λος‏ ܡܬܐ ܝܙܐ ܗܘܐ. ܐܠܐ ‎bes cs‏

‎1. Ms. E696; corr, Nold, — 2. Ms. Boire.

‎that were in communion with the hereties would every day arrivetand come
to repentanee, then these things exasperated those that held authority both in
the churches and in the world. so that they did not shrink [rom writing a
report of these things even to tlie wielder of the royal authority, first concer-
ning all the. believers, and concerning all the freedom (παῤῥησία) that they had
shown, and then conceruing him who had been made the cause of these
things. Thenceforward they hunted after tlie blessed man's life to take it
away '. while the oceupiers of tlie sees αἱ first sent him threats and orders
and maudates issued by tlie king that, if he performed ordination (χειροτονία),
he should die: and he on his side sent them this message : « I lor my part
have received a gilt from God, and with it | ain trading and am not negligent?;
and know this, that, as long as l am in the bodily life, and a hand is given
me to extend to anyone that is in need, not vou nor an earthly king shall
hinder me from performing the service that the heavenly king has given
me »?. When they saw the mau's readiness and courage. they threatened
the more: and thencelorth he did not show himself opeuly with the former
freedom. παῤῥησία), bnt at the time when believers arrived he on his side

‎1. I Kings. XIX, 14. — 2. Matth, Axv, 14-30. — 3. Acc, 10 Elijah (p. 35, 59) John and 7 other
bishops went to Constantinople by the emperor's orders. It is slrange {hat our author omits this.
