τον 11

544 JOHN OF. EPHESUS. 1312!

ܐܝܬܝܪܗܿ ‎Lilas‏ ܕܟܘܠܗܘܢ ܫܘܦܪ̈ܘܗܝ. ܩܕܝܫܐ ܗܟܝܠ ‎où :μοι‏ ܙܠܐ ‎βμμρω‏ ܐܦ ܠܐ
‎os‏ ܐܝܟ ‎su‏ ܐܢܐ ܕܠܒܝܫ ܠܐܠܗܐ ‎ou‏ ܒܕܡܘܬܗ ܕܗ̇ܘ ܩܕܡܝܐ ܐܝܓܢܛܝܘܣ
‎fs,‏ ܘܐܦܝܣܩܘܦܐ ܘܣܗܕܐ܆. ‎Land:‏ ܗܢܐ ‎(Jo cos)‏ ܟܒܪ ܠܐ ܡܪܚܐ ܠܡܐܡܪ
ܘܠܕܐܝܟ ܗܕܐ ܠܡܦܣܥ,. ‎ko olo‏ ܡܝܢ ‎où‏ ܡܬܚܝܙܐ ܗܢܐ ‎KL:‏ ܒܬܟܬܘܟܦܐ
ܕܚܠܦ ‎Nas‏ ܥܕܬ ܐ ܕܡܪܘ̈ܝܘܒܬܐ. ܗܢܘ ܕܝܝܢ ‎ς οι»‏ ܕܝܠܗ ‎KL sans‏ ܐܬ ܢܝܝ .
ܗܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܡܢ ܩܕܝܡܟ.. ܒܕܘܒܪܐ ‎Joss. Lao JLisas‏ ܢܨܐܚ ܗܘܐ. ܘܡܝܢ
ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ܂ ܘܐܦܝܚܣܩܘܦܐ ܐܬܬܣܪܚ ܕܬܠܐ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎Luis‏ ܬܘܒ ܒܗܿ ܒܗܕܐ
ܡܕܝܢܬܐ )5551 ܩܫܝܐܝܬ.. ܪܕܘܦܝܐ ‎ὁμ 5 9) Easo‏ ܕܣܘܢܗܘܕܘܣ ܦܠܝܓܬܐ
ܕܟܠܩܕܘܢܐ܂. ܒܕܡܘܬ ܬܢܢܐ܂ ܒܟܠܕܘܟ ܠܛܪ ܗܘܐ. ܘܥܟܠ ‎pus‏ ܕܥܝܢܗ ܪܘܚܢܝܬܐ
᾿ ܢܘܗܪܐ ܕܫܪܪܗܘܢ. ܘܗܘܘ ܡܡܫܠܡܢܐ
ܕܗܿܝ' ܕܐܡܝܪܐ: ‎aa,‏ ܫܪܪܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܒܟܕܒܘܬܐ. ܗܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܙܒܢܐ ܫܓܝܫܐ.. ܟܕ
ܠܘܬ ‎«1ο μοι Lisa!‏ ܘܒܥܕܐ ‎JL ge yb‏ ܢܕܘܕ ܘܢܗܦܟܗ ܡܝܢ ܫܪܪܗ. ‎OQ‏
‏ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬܐ ܡܬܡܼܪܩ ܗܘܐ ‎A6‏ ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܚܘܥܬܛܢܐ ‎|.ααφίοι‏ ܡܢ ܥܘܬܗ ‎os‏

ܚܠܝܡܐܝܬ ܠܐ ܡܒܥܪܪܐ ‎Sax .Joo‏ ܘܚܬܦܝܚ

1. Ms. wo

beauties. This saint, for wliom also, 1 think, the appellation * God-clad”
is not inappropriate, after the pattern of the ancient. Ignatius, the saint and
bishop and martyr, who earned this name (and, if. perhaps it is not auda-
cious to sav it and to presume so far, this man seems to have shown vet
even more valour than he in the eoutest on behalf of the whole chureh of
the believers, that is, he distinguished himself Lo perfection in his. acts),
this man therefore at fivst distinguished himself in the laborious and divine
practice of the solitary life; aud. by God's grace he was also advauced to Le
bishop of the eiww of Thella. Aud. when again he had for some years'
led a severe life in this same city, the severe persecution set on foot by the
partisans of the schismatie synod of Chalcedon was wafted like smoke everv-
where, and it blinded everyone whose spiritual eyesight was not founded
upon a sound basis, and concealed the light of their truth, and they beeame
accomplishers of the saytug, « They changed God's truth into a lie « 5
When therefore this troublous time came to this blessed man, and sought?
to unsettle him like many and turn him away from his steadfastness, he on
his side was more resplendeut and beautiful; and, having repelled the

1. Really 2 *»ear- )17/., p. 56. As his episcopale began afler Juslin's accession (id., p. 50, lis

expulsion Was probably in 521, — 2. Rom., 1, ® — 3, Sic.
