‎JOHN. OF EPHESUS. 1320]‏ 522
ܐܠܟܣ ܬܕܪܝܐ: ܘܡܢ ܬܡܢ ܠܩܘܣܬܛܢܛܝܢܐ ‎sees‏ ܘܗܿܦܟ ܗܘܐ ‎JS μες‏
ܕܝܘ̈ܡܬܐ. ܟܕ ܠܐܐ ܡܬܗܼܢܐ ܗܘܐ ܡܕܡ ܡܢ ܥܡܠܗܗ. ‎His)‏ ܕܠܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ‎Nn‏
‏ܕܓܕܫܬܐ. ܘܒܙܒܬܐ ‎Ados‏ ܒܘܒܕܝܢܬ ‎ἰδ‏ ܘܬܘܒ ܒܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ ܗܝ ܟܕ ܗܼܝ.

‎. ‏ܗܘܘ‎ vl Jes ‏ܘܬܚܘ̈ܡܐ ܬܘܒ ܕܒܫܬܐ‎ .jisnzÓ9M ‏ܐܝܬܐ ܗܘܐ‎ bol" μοι

‏ܒܫܕ ‎doo‏ ܘܒܟܠܙܒܝܢ ܡܬܬܕܟܪ ܗܘܝܬ ‎Atlas‏ ܕܩܕܝܫܐ. ܡܝܢ ‎ΝΘ.‏ ܙܒܢܐ ܕܝܢ..
ܢܦܠ ‎μα où‏ ܒܐܝܕܐ ܕܒܡܠܕܒܒܐ. ‎ax bo‏ ܒܗ ‎NUT Nj OX»‏ ܟܕ
ܐܗܿܛܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܒܚܪܥܘܬܗܘܢ.. ܐܦ ‎5ks‏ ܟܪ̈ܛܝܣܐ ‎ΟΝ Ko‏ ܘܕܫܡ̈ܡܗܐ
ܕܡܗ̈ܝܡܬܐ:. ‎LA‏ ܕܡܢܗ ‎aS alo‏ ܟܗܙܘܬܐ. ܘܐܠܗܐ܂ ܣܐ ܬܪ ܐܢܘܢ ܡܢܗܘܢ. ܗܠܝܢ
‎ον‏ ܚܘܫܟܬܢܗܘܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܙܩܦܨܗ ܗܠܚܝܢ ‎ail assis‏ ܠܡܐܐ܂ ܘܢܟܟܒܥܝܢ
ܐܠܦܝܢ܇. ‎dono)‏ ܘܚܪܛܘܢܝܐ ܡܝܢ ‎Lisa‏ ܗܢܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܠܐ ܙ ܛܫܘܘܫܐ ܐܣܩܝܼܘܗܝ܂.ْ
ܘܒܐܝ̈ܕܝ ‎où‏ ܕܟܒܪ ܠܐ ‎aa‏ ܐܢܫ ‎Jo qo‏ ܟܕ ܩܣܛܘܢܪܐ ܕܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ ܢܫܡܿܡܗܝܕܘܗܝ܆.
ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܐܦܪܝܡ ܐܡܕܝܐ ܢܦܠ. ܘܥܢܕ̈ܐ ܩܢܝ̈ܐ܂ ܘܚܒܘ̈ܫܝܐ ܐܠܝ̈ܕܐ ܘܡܪ̈ܝܪܐ

‎1. Sie,

‎found, so that Tor many years à man wonld go into Alexandria lo. become
a priest ° and lhenee Lo Constantinople, aud return perhaps after a vear of
davs without gaining anv satisfaction from his labonr, as I saw bappen to
many; and at the time when 1 was in the royal eity (and the same thing
happeued in Alexandria also) the. believers were in this diicultv; anil the
Irontier of the Persian territory moreover was closed by war, and T always
remembered the saint's prophecy. But after a time the blessed man | fell
into the enemies! hand?, and {πον satisfied all their malice npon him, and
in their eraftiness they also hunted for the documents (749715) that contained
the anathemas against them and the names of the believers who received
the priesthood from liim, and God hid them from them, the nnmber of whom,
as was posted up (2) by those who counted them, amounted {ο ἃ hundred
and xeventv thousand, who received. ordination (χειροτονία) from the blessed
man. But they on their side carried. him up to Antioch, and he fell into
the. hands of the man that one would perhaps no! go wrong if one were to
name the executioner 0035 of the believers, who was Ephraim of
Amida; and he imflicted on him severe tortures? and close painful impri-

‎1. Ace. 10 Elijah (p. 61, 62* le. ordained bps. also, though no names or sees are given. From
ch. 59 oue wonld. suppose μαι James and Theodore were. the first Monopliysite bps. ordained afler
1116 <chism.  F, mentions % ether bps. az associated. with John. — 2. lle was arrested in. Persia and
oxtradited l'i., p. 68 IT... — 3. No tortures are meutioned by Elijah, and the word is probably not
to be understood literally.
