"lr

b.

‎a3^ JOHN OF EPHESUS. 332‏
‎οἱ So crac:‏ ܠܥܕܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܐܠܐ ܐܢ ܐܢܬܝ ܘܒܥܠܟܝ. ܗܼܝ ܕܝܢ ‎Jo‏
‏ܘܐܡ̣ܪܬ. ܥܠ ‎BE His‏ ܐܡܪ ܠܟ ܡܕܘ ْ ܐܡܪ ‎elras OÙ‏ ܥܠܝ ‎leases‏
‏ܘܐܬܐ ܠܝ ܦܘܩܕܢܟܝ܂ ‎«οαθ [ο‏ ܡܣܪܗܒܐܝܬܐ ܡܢ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ. ܘܡܢܐ ܬܘܒ ‎eo] L2‏
ܕܬܐܠܦܝܢ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܝܠܕܦܬ ܕܠܘ ܡܬܗ ‎loo‏ ܕܐܬܗ ‎aas‏ ܡܢܗ̇ ܟܬܝ̈ܒܬܐ: ܘܕܗܼܝ
ܐܝܟ ‎N.N» otis,‏ ܂. ‎Las‏ ܘܡܣܪܗܒܐܝܬ ‎ol]‏ ܒܡܿܠܪܒܟܒܐ ܗܠܝܢ. ܟܕ ܐܘܒܕܐ܂.
ܕܒܡܿܢ ‎bil‏ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܟܘܢ ‎"ah‏ ܐܠܐ ܐܢ ܒܐܠܗܐ ܘܒܝ ‎μοιϑο‏ ܩܕܝܫܐ.
ܒܒܥܘܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ ‎eo‏ ܐܢܘܢ ܡܢ ܡܘܬ ,. ܘܠܐ ‎π.δ‏ ܐܢܘܢ ‎"OO EN y‏ ܡܛܠ
ܕܝܢ ܟܚܪ̈ܛܘܢܚܝܘܣ܂ ܐܡܪܬ ‎o Où‏ ܕܒܓܘ ܘܥܛܝܢ ܝܪܬܒ ܐܢܬ . ܕܠܡܐ ‎μα"‏
‎JL‏ ܠܠܡ ܢܣܫܘܙܬܐ. ܬܒ ‎M30‏ ܐܝܟ ‎pie‏ ܘܠܐ ܬܥܒܢ ܟܗ̈ܢܐ ܒܗܕܐ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ.
ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ‎où τοὶ‏ ܕܠܐ ܠܒܢ ܐܢܐ. ܘܕܬ ܕܥܝܢ ܕܠܘ ‎JR‏ ܐܝܬ ܠܫ ` ܠܗܢܐ ܣܘܥܪܢܐ.
‎*Ja‏ ܠܒܪ ܡܿܡܛܝܒ ‎«δα. να «nass koû‏ ܕܬܦܩܕܝܢ ‎ERAN‏ ܕܒܦܪܣܛܝܘܢ

‎1. Ms, ee. — 2. Ms. los.

‎has injured vou, sir? What is this affair? ». And he said : « Who lias
injured. aud. disturbed me or God's churcli except vou and vour husbaud ? »
And she was astonished, and said : « For what reason? Who has said
üuything to von?» Ile savs to her : « You' ordered my death, and vour?
order came to me to leave tlie eitv hastilv; and what more do vou want to
learn? ».— When she learned that it was nol at his instigation that they had
come and received the document from lier, and that? she herself had written
iu order to gratifv liim, she issued an order, and these enemies quickly came,
while she said, « Whoin else was it vour purpose to deceive except God and
me and this saint? » "Then, when she threatened them with such things as
their tricks deserved, tlie. blessed man with great entreaty delivered them
from death, and did not requite them according to their deeds. But on the
inatter of ordinations (χειροτονίας) she said to him : « See ]1181 you remain within
the palace (z2222wvj*, lest trial in truth come upon vou. — ltemain still and
keep quiet like your companions and do not make priests in this eilv ».
Hle said to her, « I will not do it; and. that vou may know that I have no
desire for this business, 1 was just about to request vour majestv to order me
to go out to ἃ villa oustide lor a secret retreat of tliirty or forty days, as | now

‎I. Pl — 2. Sing. — 3. Sic syr. — 4. ze. the palace of Anthemius.
