MIBLSU

‎JOHN OF EPILESUS. [310]‏ 548
ܘܠܐ ܟܠܝܢ. ‎le‏ ܫܘܠܬܛܢܐ ܘܡܦܣܢܘܬܐ ܡܝܢ ‎as} Lo Ko D‏
ܦܛܪܝܪܟܐ ‎«οι gs‏ ܗܕܐ. ܘܦܘܩܕܢܐ ܠܒܕ ‎Rs Joon RUN‏ ܠܡܬܠ ܐܝܕܐ
ܠܟܠܗܘܢ ܛܪ̈ܝܕܐ ‎Ko)‏ ܟܠ ‎ce Ris‏ ܠܘܐܟ܀ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܕܝܢ ‎μοι Jia:‏
‎μοι ουν‏ ܗܕܐ ܠܟܢܬ̈ܐ ‎TS‏ ܕܒܟܠܙܕܘܟ ܐܬܝܕܥܬ. ܘܡܢ ܗܿܝܕܝܢ ܟܪܝܐܝܬ
ܕܠܐ ܟܠܼܝܢ ܒܕܡܘܬ ܡܠܐܐ ‎Jos‏ ܒܢܗܪܐ ܒܫܕ ‎«M anis . [Ranss ais‏
ܠܘܬ ܛܘܒܬܐ ܐܬܬܪܥܘ ‎JUS‏ ܟܕ ܒܙܒܢ ܒܙܘ ܒܕܝܪܗ ܡܫܬܟܝ ܗܘܐ ‎Qai»‏

‎xl «35459‏ ܒܡܕܒܪܐ. ‎oe 1 AD‏ ܚܕ ܡܢ ܥܘܟܡܠܕ̈ܐ. ܟܕ ܡܩܒܠ ܗܘܐ

‎fais Jio‏ : ܕܚܡܫܝܢ ܚܘܡܫܝܚܝܢ.. ܘܕܡܐܐ ܡܐܐ ܒܚܝܘܡܐ. ܘܐܦ ܒܙܟܝܢ ܙܒܝܢ ܥܕܡܐ
‎Jo NS. No Los‏ ܒܚܝܘܡܐ. ܟܕ ‎NUS‏ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܬ ܚܡ ‎jopéo‏ ܘܡܡܠܦ..
‎[AMO‏ ܒܒܘܚܢܐ ‎si‏ ܘܒܣܗ̈ܕܘܬܐ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܬܐ. ܟܕ ܠܒܘܚܪܢܐ ܪܒܐ ܘܠܒܘܩܝܐ ܠܟܠ
ܐܢܫ ܡܥܠ ܗܘܐ . ܕܩܪܝܢّܐ 25.5{ ܘܬܢܚܕܐ ܕܡܙܡܘܪ̈ܐ.. 26 ܕܝܢ ܕܢܝܟܬܒ ܘܢ
ܫܡܗ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܘܐܪܡܝܚ ܐܝ̈ܕܝܗܘܢ. ܟܕ ܐܢܫ ܠܓܡܪ ܠܠܐ ‎Joe «als‏ ܙܠܐ ܐܪܡܝ ܫܡܗ.

‎“Jon ‏ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܕܢܐܠܦ,. ܘܚܒܪܗ ܚܠܦܘܗܝ ܟܬܒ‎ DCE ‏ܝܪܥ ܗܘܐ‎ INC

‎|. Corr. from Bab be.

‎tlie. affair. and not. all of us; and take also autloritv and licence from
ourselves; and We will refer this bv letter to our saintly father the
patriarch®, and he will issue à mandate to us, that it shall be permitted to
give a hand to all expelled men who come to you from all parts ». And
the blessed man elad himself iu this zealousness, and thencelorth this became
kuown to the expelled imultitudes everv where: and [rom that lime they
rushed in erowds to come to the blessed inan freely without impediment like
a flood that is produeed in a river by thiek clouds, while he was sometimes
to be found in his same monastery and received them there, and sometimes
in the desert, and somelimes in some convent, receiving and dismissing
companies of fifty and of a hundred in a dav, and even now and again as
many as two and three hundred a day, giving expositions and injunctions
and caution and instruction, and perlorming the ordinations after careful
investigation and many testimonios giveu, suljecting everv man to a careful
examination and test in reading the Seriptures and repeating the psalms,
and ability 1o write their names and signatures, not admitting anyone
whomsoever who did not sign his name, aud, if anvone was incapable of
doing so, he would bid him learn, and his companion would write for him ”,

‎1. severus of Antioch. — 2. 1 eannot révoncile this with the statement that he ordained no one
who could not write, V. D. and L.'s. interprelation of 1he writing and signing as a repudialion of
