‎JOUX OF EPHESUS, 330]‏ 532
‎ο‏ :ܐܬܐ ܠܐ ܐܢܦ ܢܩܘܡ ܩܕܡܘܗܝ. ܥܠܝ ܕܝܠܝ ‎sais‏ ܢܥܕܪܝܘܗܝ. ܕܐܢܐ ܐܝܟ
‎xli‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎-.oiliso;3o‏ ܘܐܠܗܐ ܐܝܟ ‎bn‏ ܣܥܪ. ‎τὸ‏ ܓܝܪ ‎Lois‏
‏ܕܐܪ̈ܝܘܬܐ ‎μαϑ‏ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ ܕܡܝܢ ܠܥܠ ܡܣܬܟܪܝܢ. ܘܗܟܙ] ‎où‏ ܡܢ ‎«Le J| ec)‏

‏ܗܘܐ ܒܬܪܟܢ ܕܝܢ ܟ ܬܒܘ ! ‎Slo‏ ܦܛܪܝܪܟܝܣ ‎ουδ‏ ܕܙܝܦܣܩܗ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ

‎n Oso, Lalaro iojass oo ‏ܗܘܐ ܘܐܦ‎ S uo ‏ܕܚܙܐ ܛܝܢܢܗ: ° ܘܠܐ‎ baeo

‎| ‏ܕܥܠ ܘܗܝ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܬܪܟܒ. ܟܕ‎ Jo Mai sl ‏ܥܒܪ‎ Nossa
‏ܘܗܪܐ‎ «οὗ Ao ‏ܡܢ ܠܘܬܐܝ܂ ܘܒܟܒܙܝܢܬܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ. ܘܐܦ ܡܠܟܬܐ܂‎ ον ‏ܐܙ ܠ‎ Jen
‏ܗܠܝܝܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܐܝܟ ܝܙܥ‎ y pA ‏ܦܩܝܢ ܠܫܚ ܠܗ‎ JM be ‏ܬܘܒ‎

‎9

‏ܐܝܟ ܐ ‎[Loose SU‏ ܗܘܐ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܩܕܝܫܐ ‎LOI Ados‏ ܕܡܝܢ ܟܠ ܦܢ̈ܝܝܢ
‎ao‏ ܗܘܐ. ܗܶܢܘ ܕܝܢ ܒܣ ܗܕܘܬܐ ‎ο‏ ܐܟܝ̈ܣܢܝܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ
ܗܘܘܢ. ܐܝܕܐ ܒܥܔܓܠ܂ ܠܐ ܣ ܐܡ ܗܘܐ ܕܠܐ ‎Jie‏ ܘܡܝܿܩܪ̈ܒܢܐ. ܡܢ ܕܚܕܙܘ ܕܝܢ
ܗܥܝܢ ‎Slo πο‏ ܒܡܠ ܕܒ ܒܐ ܠܒܕ ܐܢܘܢ ܠܗ: ‎CONTE‏ ܗܘܘ
ܡܗܝ̈ܡܢܐ ‎is‏ ܣܘܢܗܕܝܐ ܕܝܠܝܗ: ܘܡܢܗܘܢ ܘܐܦ ܐܦ ̈ܫܚܣܩܘܦܝܐ.. ܐ ܙܠܘ ܘܐܘܕܥܘ

‎ι. Ms. SN: — 2, Something seems here lo have fallen out.

‎Bat he said, « As for the lion that is coming let no man stand before him;
let hii. send him against me inyself only; since it is 1 as von sav that have
provoked him, and God will do as he wishes. The mouths of lions are wont
to be elosed by command from on high' » And so he did not cease from his
zealousuess. But afterwards they wrote 10 his patriarch also as well to
inhibit him. But the saint, who saw his zeal, and on his own side also was
not displeased bv the saving. and refreshing of the helievers, passed over
tlie sayings that were concocted against The same blessed man without notice,
saving, « He lias gone away from my presence, and is in the city, and tlie
queen also lias received him; and she further knows that | have not ordered
him to do such things. » And so he took no account of the matter as one
that knew it and did not know it. But the holy John would accept all who
came from all quarters, that is on the testinony of those who presented them;
and, though? they were strangers. he did not immediately apply à hand of
ordination without witnesses and persons to present. But, when those whose
envy ...* saw it, and he also made them hostile to him, who were believers,
members of his company (συνοδία). and some of them also even bishops, they

‎1. Dan., vi, 92: Hebr., xr. 3% — 2. We shonld expect ‘because ?: bnt. the meaning porh. is that :

‎1 1] there was dn dhe cireunstances a diffieulty in golling proper leslinony, he would. nol
dis ense with it, — 3. Sume words have fallen ont.
