‎LIFE OF JOHN OF TIIELLA. 515‏ 313[
ܗܘܐ܂. ܡܝܢ ܟܘܪܣܝܗ ܥܡ ‎ia‏ ܕܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ | ‎bi‏ ܐܦܝ̈ܣܩܦܐ ܐܝܟ ܬܪ̈ܥܣܪ 301«
‎Jess con.‏ ܘܥܡ̈ܠܐ ܩܫ̈ܝܐ ܘܛܘܪ̈ܦܐ ܬܩܫ̈ܦܐ ܕܪܕܝܦܘܐܐ ‎Kuaso‏ . ܘܟܕ̈ܘܟܝܐ
‎M y? Ka‏ —— ܗܘܘ. ܛܘܒܢܐ ܕܝܢ ‎glass μοι‏ ܠܥ ܝܕ̈ܘܗܝ ܩܕ̈ܡܝܐ
ܘܡܕܒܕ̈ܝܐ܂ ܟܕ ܚܕܐ ܪܳܗܽܶܛ ‎2à Jon‏ ܕܐܦ ‎Ka Lis Pe‏ ܗܘܐ 6« ܘܙܒܢܝ̈ܢ
ܣܓ̈ܝܐܢ ܨܒܕܐ ‎Lois‏ ܟܘܪܐܣܝܗ ܘܢܘ:ܢܙܐ.. ܘܒܕܚܥܬܐ ‎Jus‏ ܘܕܬܒܥܬܐ ܕܡܫܬܒܩܢܘܬܐ
ܕܡܪܥܝܬܐ ܡܠܝܠܬܐ ܕܐܬܓܕܥܠܬ ܠܗ. ܡܬ݀ܥܟܪ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܬܟܝܼܠܐ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܐܬܟܝ
‎JA‏ ܘܠܗ̇ܝ ܕܡܬܛܝܒ ܗܘܐ 20 ‎DES‏ ܠܥܘܡܪܗ ܩܕܡܝܐ ‎où‏ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ
ܗܘܐ ܒܫܟܠܝܢܝܩܘܣ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ:. ‎Μοὶ‏ ܕܕܡܪܝ ܙܟܝܚ ܡܬܩܪܐ ܗܘܐ . ܘܟܕ ‎bots‏ ܩܠܝܠ
ܙܒܢܐ ܗܘܐ ܂. ‎eeu‏ ܘܐܦ ° ܠܬܡܝܢ ‎où‏ ܕܠܩܘܒܠܐ. ܘܬܢܝܢܘܬ ܥܡ ܥܘܡܪܗ ܬܘܒ
ܡܡܒܬܪܕܦ ܗܘܐ ‎Lisa)‏ .ܥܡ ܫܪܟܐ ܕܥܘܡܕ̈ܐ܂ ‎Slo‏ ܕܐܦܝܣܩ̈ܦܐ ܐ̱ܚܖܪ̈ܢܐ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܠܡܕܒܪ̈ܐ
‎αλλο Lis‏ ܗܘܘܢ. ܟܕ ܚ ܕܝܢ ܘܪܘܙܚܢ܇. ‎oaa;‏ ܕܥܡ ܡܒܫܝܚܐ ܢܝܬܪܕܦܝܘܢ.

‏ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎fois‏ ܕܐܦܝܣܩ̈ܦܐ܂ ‎loe.» Jisoast Muss‏ ܡܿܡܒܕܪܚܢ 999 ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ‎EN‏

‎1. Sic ms.

‎heretieal communion from him, he was driven from his see with all the
other holv bishops, about twelve from his neighbourhood; and thenceforth
they endured the severe labours and grievous hardships of banishment, and
wanderings in every place. ‏ܨܡ‎ this blessed Join joyfully resorted to his
former anchovitie habits, which he bad previously desired to do: and often
he wished to leave his see and depart, and he was hindered and stayed by
the fear of judgment and requital for deserting the rational [ους that had
been entrusted to him; and now he found an opportunity, and returned to
that for which he was ready, first to his former convent, whieh was in the
.city of Callinieus, which was called tliat of Mar Zakkhai! ; and when he had
been a short time in this convent, the adversary came thither also as well,
and a second time the blessed man was again in banishment with his
convent, with the rest of the convents, and with all the other bishops also;
and thenceforth they were driven to the outer deserls, rejoicing aud exult-
ing that they had been thought worthy to suller persecution with Christ ?,
since the other bishops also were scattered over all the convents. — But,
when the period of persecution had lasted about ten years, the rest of the

‎1. This sojourn is nol mentioned hy Elijah. — 2. Matth., v, it, 12. — 3. The time must be exag-
gerated even if the persecution is dated from 519, since the author waserdained by John in 529 (p. 319,
and he had then been performing ordinations for some time,

‎* 26 17 a.
