[320* LIFE OF JOHN OF HIEPHIAESTOPOLIS. 531

ܠܘܬ ܐ ܣ̈ܘܬܐ. ‎lo‏ ܕܡܛܠ ܫܡܥܐ ܕܟܘܪܗܢܐ܂ ܠܐ ܟܠܐܘܗܝ ܕܢܥܘܠ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܗܕܐ
ܠܡܠܟܬܐ ܐ ܬܝܕܥܬ ܗܘܬ ܥܠ ‎JRSS‏ ܕܡܥܥܬܗ. ܘܒܘܒܙܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ ܐܠܗܝܬܐ ܐܦ ‎οι‏
‏ܩܒܠܝܬܗ ‎μα‏ ܪܒܬܐ .. ܘܦܨܩܕܐ ‎CL‏ ܡܝܠܛܛܘܢ ܪܒܐ ܒܕܪܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ ‎lose,‏
‏ܐܢܬܝܡܝܘ ‎Load] lo :,ο So Ns‏ ܠܗ ‎ο νο‏ ܬܡܢ ‎χα λα‏ ܠܗ.
ܘܡܟܝܠ ‎o So oes p» fioas‏ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ‎Jo‏ ܗܘܐ. ܘܡܝܢ ܗܺܝ ܕܝܢ ܣܝ̈ܥܬܐ
‎Js eo‏ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܠܚܨܝܢ ܗܘܘ: ‎Mole‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܙܒܢܐ ܟܕ ܡܬܛܪܝܢ ܘܡܬܛܪܦܝܢ
‎ko |‏ ܕܡܪܘܚ ܠܗܘܢ .. ‎v loas.‏ ܗܘܘ. ܘܠܟܠܗܘܢ ‎Ji‏ ܗܘܐ ‎«A330‏
‎AO) Jos]‏ ܒܚܝܕܘܬܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ — ‎«o» JL o‏ ܢܘܓ ܪܐ ‎Ke‏ ܗܘܘ
ܐܝܟ ‎CONTE‏ ܘܢܐܙܠܘܢ ܐܬܘܬܐ ‎x‏ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܗܼܘ ܘܕܒܐ ‎SSD‏ +
ܘܦܪܕܗܣܝܐ ܪܒܬܐ ܒܬܛܕܢܙܢܐ ‎fais‏ ܘܒܬܘܟܠܝܢܐ ܕܥܡ ܡܘܬܐ ܡܬ݀ܟܬܫ ܡܬܡܼܬܐ ‎Jon‏
‎Lis‏ ܡܙܕܪܥ ܗܘܐ. ܘܦܘܪ̈ܓܬܐ ° ܠܘܬܗ ‎se‏ ܗܘܘ ܟܕ ‎rl‏ ܕܥܠ ܦܘܡܐ ‎μὲν‏

L

-Joot $30] ‏ܕܚܢ‎ où ‏ܒܝܕܐ ܫܥܬܐ ܢܬ ܒܘܪ ܘܢܥܕܐ.‎ dr ‏ܠܗ‎ ο...

1. ‏ܘܢ‎ erased follows. — 2. Ms. SK 480; corr. Nold.

mention of illness, therefore they. did not prevent him from going, and. this
matter also about the cause of his coming was made known to the queen; aud
by divine dispensation she also received him with great jov, and she gave
orders that spaeious quarters (μέτατον) also should be given him in the great
mansion called Autliemiu ος and an allowance (ἀνάλωμα) also for him and his
slave should be assigned to him there. And thenceforth the will and the
2001 of the blessed. man found expression: and from that time companies of
those who were in distress, and had been for à long time beaten and bulfeted
and had none to relieve them, betook themselves to bim, aud he would disniss
them all? and they would return to their own countries with jov, while he also
anointed many altars that had been set up for a long time to be anointed and
zo Lo the countries, and himself also fixed an altar, and he was fille with
great boldness (rx8515i21showing keen enthusiasm and confidence that contends
with death. When he had stood up and become opeutv known, envy like
Cain's was sown in the hearts of many who were inside and not outside: and
they used to address mandates to him, savins, « We ure standing in a lions
mouth, and vou are causing him to rend us all and cast us away in oue hour ».

1. Se. τὰ Ἀνθεμίου. — 2. We are left 10 understand that he ordained them; see below.

* #0 1 b.
