317 LIFE OF JOHN OF TIIELLAÀ. 519

‎fisoio‏ ܡܟܝܠ ܡܬ ‎«SM‏ ܗܘܘܼ ܘܡܫܬܪܪܝܢ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܠܩܒ ܘܝܕܠܦ.,. ܕܐܝܠܝܢ
ܐܢܘܢ ܐܢܥܐ ܕܝܕܥܬܐ ܒܟܠܗܝܢ ܟܘܪ̈ܣ!. ܘܡܥܕ ܪ ܘܡܫܝܬܐܼ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܘܡܿܡܦܩܕ ܗܘܐ
ܠܗܘܢ. ܘܝܗ̇ܒ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ )| ‎ona‏ ܘܣܫܘܒܚܘܢ ܕܝܠܗ. ܕܗܼܢܘܢ ܒܒܘܚܢܐ
ܢܗܘܘܢ ܚ݀ܝܙܝܝܢ ܐܝܠܝܢ ‎ΟὟ)‏ ܕܢܗܘܘܢ ܟܗ̈ܢܐ܂. ܘܗܘܘ ܟܬܒܝܢ ܘܡܶܡܫܕܪܝܝܢ ‎où‏ ܕܠܐ
ܢܗܼܘܐ ܒ ܐܝܟ ܕܐܬܝܐ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ‎Was‏ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܬܚܘܡܐ: ܘܠܐܪܡܢܝܐ
‎ELM‏ ܘܠܐܪܙܘܢ܂ ܘܠܒܝܬ ‎Lioäao‏ ܘܠܣܦܪ̈ܝ ܝܡܐ .. ܐܢܥܐ ܓܒܝܼܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ ܘܣܝܡ̣ܝܢ
ܕܒܒܘܚܢܐ ‎«oies‏ ܠܗ. ܘܐܢ ‎alo D^‏ ܕܠܐ ܐܓܪܬܐ ܕܡܝܢ ‎où‏ ܕܣܚܡ ‎oùs‏ ܐܬܪܐ
ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܡܢܗ ܐܬܐ ܗܘܐ . ܣܦܝܩܐܝܬ  ‎as‏ ܗܘܐ .. ܥܕܡܐ ‎όν‏ .| ܗܘܐ ܐ ‎Hs‏
‎Loto‏ ܡܬ ܩܒܠ ܗܘܐ . ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܠܐ ܐܢ ‎ο‏ ,ܘܕ ܬܠܬ ܕܘܟܝ̈ܬܐ܂. ܠܐ
ܢܫܟܝܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎Judo .θασςα«9]‏ ܒܡܪܕܐ ܘܒܒܝܬ ‎Laer;‏ ܘܒܐܠܟܣܢܪܪܝܐ.
ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ‎y ot» Lil‏ ܕܥܠܡܐܡܪ ܡܠܬܐ ܡܝܢ ܟܝܪܛܘܢܫܐ ܕܡܙܗܘ̈ܝܡܢܐ: ܒܡ̈ܕܝܢܬܐ
ܘܒܕܝܪ̈ܬܐ ܘܒܩܘܪ̈ܝܐ ܘܒܟܘܠ ‎ha: y?‏ ܕܐܦ ܡܢ ‎JJaslas Lis‏ ܕܗܪ̈ܛܝ ܘܘ ‎Was‏

‎1. Ms. ‏.ܦܘܪܘܣ‎

‎and thus therefore they were received and dismissed; while he also inquired
and learned who were the men of knowledge in all tho districts χώρας), and
he would send and fetch them, and give them instructions, and hand them
the impress of his name and his monogram (σημεῖον), theinselves lo see by
investigation who were fit to become priests, and to write and send tliem to
him, that he might not perform ordinations at random. Accordingly in
every city as far as the frontier, and as lar as Armenia and Arzun', and the
land of the Cappadocians and the sea-coasts?, men were chosen . and
appointed to send candidates to him alter invesligation; and, if it happened
that anyone came to him without a letter from the man that had been
appointed in the region from which he came, he would return einpty, until
he brought a letter, and then he would be received; as no believing bishops
were to be found except at these three places only, at Marde? and in the land of
the Persians, and at Alexandria. When the whole eartli, 80 to speak, had
been filled with the ordination (γειροτονία) of helievers, iu the eities and the
monasteries and the villages and everywhere, insumuch that some of those

‎the synod (though it has some confirmation from p. 320) seems {ο me αἱ variance both. with the. zr.
and with tlie context; cf. also p. 319.

‎|] Arzanene. This was in Persian lerrilory: see p. 143 and p. 350. — 2. This usnally means [Hic
province of. Phoenice Marilina. 3. That J. was al Marde tlie author tells us iu eh. 15. p. 225*; but
he does nol plainly staie il here, nor is il mentioned by Elijah. See also Kev., Select Lelters, v, 51

