—— — M— Hm — -

[327] LIFE OF JOHN OF IIEPILAESTOPOLIS. 929

ܕܕܘ̈ܦܢܝܐ: ܗܢܐ ܕܐܦ ‎oo‏ ܥܡܗܘܢ ‎«Jl OO]‏ ܗܘܝܝܢ ܠܬܡܝܢ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܬܡܝܢ
‎wo‏ ܗܘܘ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎οὐ‏ ܕܛܟ ܡܝܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܠܘܩܒܠ ‎Jlauso‏ ܕܙܒ̈ܢܐ ܠܣܡܟܐ
ܕܪ̈ܕܝܦܐ ܐܬܬܣܝܡܼܬ ܡܠܟܬܐ: ܬܐܘܕܘܪܐ ܪܚܡܬ ܠܡ ܫܝܚܐ.. ܒܬܛܝܠܝܘܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ
ܠܘܬܗܘܢ ܥܡ ܫܪܟܐ ܕܪ̈ܕܚܝܦܐ ܕܒܟܘܠ ܕܘܡ ‎Lado‏ ܗܘܬ:. ܒܬܐܘܪ̈ܣܫܐ ‎Halo‏
‏ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ̈ ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܬܡܝܢ ܘܐܦ ܒܟܠ ‎κοῦ.‏ ܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ ܕܒܟܠ ‎x9‏
‏ܡܬܐܠܨܝܢ ‎Où «οσοι‏ ܠܡܕܝܥܬܐ ܡܠܟܘܬܐܼ ܡܝܢ ܟܠ ܦܢ̈ܝܢ ‎Kat‏ ܗܘܘ. ܚܕܐ ܡܢ
‎Lisoss‏ ܕܒܟܦܠ ‎«blo us‏ ܡܛܠ ܟܝܪܛܘܢܫܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܓ ܡܚܪ ܥܕܡܐ
ܠܬܚܘܡܐ ܕܦܪ̈ܣܝܐ ܒܟܠܗ ‎Nas‏ ܪ̈ܗܘܡܫܐ.. ܐܢܫ ܕܢܘܫܛ ܐܝܕܐ ܠܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܚܕ
ܡܢ ܡܗܝ̈ܡܢܐ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ ܕܩܚ̈ܕܝܥܐ ‎Lois‏ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܐܙܠܫܝܢ ܗܘܘ.
᾿ ܟܕ .555 ‎xaO EO κοῖς‏ ܟܐܒ ̈ܗܘܢ. ܠܐ ‎va‏ ܡܬܓܢܝܢ ‎looo‏ ܐܦ ܠܐ ܬܡܝܢ.
‎δ had‏ ܒܫܪܪܐ܂. ܠܐ ‎μρο‏ ܗܘܬ ܕܬܗܘܐ ܬܡܝܢ ܟܚܪܛܘܢܝܐ ܘܢܐܚܘܢ ܗܘܘ܇. ܟܕ
‎Lao‏ ܕܠܩܘܒܠܐ ܢܫܕܡܥܘܢ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܗܢܐ ܝܘܚܢܝܢ ܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ ܫܡܿܥ ܗܘܐ ..
ܡܪܝܪܐܝ ܬ ܡܿܬܕܡܥ ܗܘܐ ܟܠ ‎λα,‏ ܥܠ ‎eu Pel‏ ܕܥܕܬܗ ܕܡܫܝܝܝܐ. ‎ha‏ ܕܐܦ

1. An erasure follows.

from the country of Sophanene', who also was confined with them; and
thenceforth. they were kept in eustodv there, though the Christ-loving
Theodora, who was perhaps appointed queen by God to be a support. for the
persecuted against tlie cruelty of the times, showed great attention (o them
as well as the other persceuted inen everywhere. supplying them with
provisions and liberal allowances (ἀναλώματα).

While these men were suffering distress there, and every where also the
believers in all quarters were similarly sullering, they used to betake them-
selves from all quarters to the royal city itself, firsily on aecount of the
persecutious in all quarters, and secondlv for the sake of ordination (χειροτονία).
as there was absolutely no man to extend a hand οἵ ordination to any believer
in the whole Roman territory as far as the Persian frontier; and accordingly
many nsed to go to the same saints in Thrace, lamenting and representing
their trouble; but even. there they gained no hearing, as it was indeed. in
truth impossible for them Lo live if an ordination 6) were performed
there, if the adversaries heard of il. But this holy John, when he heard
these things, would shed bitter tears every day for the distress of Christ's

l. zee ch. 3.

* 70 v9 b.
