[335 LIFE OF JOIIN OF IIEPIAESTOPOLLIS. 537

ܘܟܠܗ ܗܢܐ ܨܒܥܐܼ.! ܗܺܝ ‎v)‏ ܠܣܪܘܕܘܬܐ ܕܚܠܦ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܒܝܕ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ.. ‎où‏
‏ܐܢܫ ‎anus‏ ܐܠܐ ܗܼܝ ܡܠܟܬܐ ‎RSS‏ ܟܕ ‎οὖν Jexel‏ ܒܦܪܣܬܛܫܘܢ ܦܠܝܢ ܟܪܝܗ
ܘܫܝܼܕܐ. ܘܐܦ ‎JS Sas NN‏ ܕܝܠܚ ܢܦܕܩ ܥܬܡܢ. ‎SR oo eo ao‏ ܝܘ̈ܡܬ ܐ
ܕܪ ܠܘܬܝ. ܘܟܕ ܟܠܬܫ ܒܕܘܟܬܗ ‎“aol‏ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ܂. ‎Jie. 12 aseo‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ
ܟܕ ‎Ko‏ ܠ ܐܝܙܐܝܬ ܟܬ ܒܢ ̈ ‎eoo‏ ܠܐ ܡܡܬܬܨܝܬܝܢ 0001 ܟܕ ‎κο SAN,‏
ܡܫܟܚܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܠ ܒܘܟܘܢܝܗܝ܂ ܕܕܠܡܐ ܡܛܛܥܝܢܐ ܗܘ. ܡܝܢ ܗܪܟܐ ܕܝܢ ܐܢܫ ܠܐ

‎«ass‏ ܬܘܒ ܙܒܢܬܐ ܐܚܪܬܐ ܟܕ ܗܕܐ ‎loas‏ ܘܠܒܪܬ܂. ܦܘܩܕܢܐ ܩܠ ܕܢܬܝܗܒ ܠܗ

‎*

‏ܕܢܐܙܠ' ܥܕܡܐ ܠܚܡܫܝܡܬܐ ܡܛܠ ܟܐܒ̈ܘܗܝ܂. ‎iN [o‏ ܘܢܝܼܦܩ ‎paso‏ ܒܟܠܗܝܢ

‎soso ‏ܕܣܦܪ̈ܝ ܚܡܐ܂ ܘܕܒܓܘܘ. ܥܕܡܐ ܠܩܘܦܪܘܣ ܘܣܥܪ ܠܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ.‎ ps

‏ܠܩܫܣܪܝܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎Aue “αἱ, E‏ ܬܘܒ ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܗܕܐ.. ܗܺܝ ܕܐܦ ܚܬܢ ܒܪܘ

‏ܒܣܥܘܪܘܬܐ ‎καί‏ ܗܝ .. ‎Rio pau‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܪܘܕܘܣ܂. ܘܬܡܢ ܐܫܬܘܼܝܢܢ ܠܚ ܙܬܗ.
: ܬ ܠܢ ! ܢ ܝܢܢ

‏ܘܟܕ ܐܘܕܥ ܠܢ ‎oa)‏ ܕܬܢܝܢܘܬ ‎udo‏ ܗܘܐ ܕܒܐܣܝܐ ܢܥܒܪ ܡܝܢ ܒܬܪ ܘܺܝ

‎1. Ms. with pointe. — 2, Ms. ‏ܐܣܗ‎ ¡ corr. Nóld.

‎said : « Perhaps it is so-and-so wlio has not been in the eitv all this time ».
Then by tlie grace of God no ordinary. person, but the queen herself, eame iu
to give evidenee on behalf of the blessed man, saving : € That man is sick
and laid up in such-and-such a villa; l'or indeed it was bv my order also
that he went out thither; and only a few davs ago he sent to me ». And,
when evervone testified that he was in his place, thev dropped the matter.
And so, while these men wrote forcibly, they gained no hearing, aud a
message was sent to them to say, « [f you ean, arrest him, for perhaps he
is an impostor. No one has left this place ». Again on another occasion,
when this had been forgotten and had blown over, he succeeded in getting
an order given him to go as far as the hot spring' on account of his diseases,
and he was sent away; and he went out and passed over all the islauds
of the sca-coast? and those within the sea as far as Cyprus and visited. the
believers, and as far as Caesarea; and so he returned without anyone dis-
covering il. — Again after this (on which same visitation. we ourselves
encountered him). he made a visitation and went down as far as Rhodes,
and there we were privileged to see him. And, when he told us his intention,

‎that he intended to pass through Asia a second time aboul six vears after the

‎1. Syr. * Hamimtha'. Probably some hot spring near Constantinople is meant, not the well-hnowtu
Haminmtha in Mesopotamia ip. 221; clt, 35,. — 2. Phoenice Maritina.

‎ας

‎LEZ
