"EGG r^

` 6

5^4 JOHN Or EPHESEUS. ΓΛ,

ܪܒܬܐ ‎Bà.‏ ܘܕܓܒܪ̈ܐ ‎qos:‏ ܒܐܘܪܚܐ ܠܐܘܪܫܠܡ. ܘܟܕ ܚܒܟܬ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ ܘܫܐܥܬ
‎Άνω Macao‏ ܘܕܝܨܐ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܫܒܚܐ ܠܐܠܗܐ. ܘܐܡܿܪܐ ܗܘܬ. ܕܛܘܒܝ ܕܨܒܐ ܡܪܝܐ
ܒܦܘܪܩܢܝ. ܘܐܝܟ ‎nus FLAN‏ ܠܝ. ܘܚܣ ܠܝ ܡܟܝܠ ‎fish].‏ ܥܠ ܥܠܡܐ
ܐܘ ܥܠ ‎οἱ ait‏ ܥܠ ܐܒܗ̈ܐ ܘܐܡܘܬ. ܐܠܐ ‎où Las‏ ܕܕܒܪܢܝ ‎Jl]‏ ܐܢܐ. ‎"eoe‏
‎Joël‏ ܠܝ ܐܒܐ ܘܐܚܐ. ܘܡܪܐ ܘܡܚ ܫܬܐ' ܒܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܥܠ̈ܡܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܠܐܘܪܫܥܠܡ ܐܬܡܢܥܬ
ܒܚܝܕܘܬܐ. ܘܟܕ ܬܡܝܢ ܣܓܝܼܕܬ: ° ܘܒܬ̈ܝܚ ܠܘܝܬܗ̇ ܒܥܘ ܕܢܗܦܟܘܢ.. ܬܒܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ
ܕܥܡܗܘܢ ‎μοι‏ ܐܝܟ ܒܪܬ ‎JS]‏ ܟܕ ܐܡܪܝܢ ْ ܕܠܐ ‎Ji bes «MC cas‏
‎σος ορ‏ . ܘܬܘܒ ܠܐ ܚܙܐܘܗܿ. ܘܥܩܒܬ ܕܬܫܟܚܝ ܕܝܪܐ ܕܬܥܡܪ ‎Se»‏
‏ܘܝܠܼܦܬ ܕܐܝܬ ܕܝܪܐ ܚܕܐ ܪܒܬܐ ܕܢܫܝ̈ܐ܂. ‎"Mus‏ ܐܣܩܠܘܢܐ ‎Ju‏ ܘܠܬܡܢ
‎Lil‏ ܘܠܬܪܥܬܐ” ܥܠ ܨܒܝܢܗ̇ ܓܠܝܼܬ. ܘܡܛܠ ܕܬܩܝܦܐ ܗܘܬ ܕܝܪܐ .+ ܐܡܪܬ
ܠܗ̇ ܣܒܬܐ ܗܿܝ. ܕܐܢܬܝ ‎lis‏ ܗܪܟܐ ܠܐ ‎I UN I ο’‏ ܠܡܥܡܪ. ܡܛܠ ܕܛܠܝܐ
ܐܢܬܝ. ܘܠܐ ܡܨܝܐ ܐܢܬܝ ܝܘܩܪ̈ܐ'' ‎RSR Jisiso‏ ܘܬܘܒ ܐܦ ܓܐܝܘܬܟܝ ܕܝܠܟܝ

LOB ‏ܚܕܬ‎ — s E She ‏ܚ‎ 3 pow bid ‏ܟܪ̈ܚܡܕܘܗܝ‎ miss. ἢν ‏ܘܓܢܣܐ ܘܡܪܐ ܐܐ‎ Fdo bele

‎NES. — 9. Doinss Basse — den‏ }1 ,8 ܒܝܬ ‎MS τ Dn‏ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܐ[ ,ܐܙ — ܬܬܬܦܢܨܐ 1 ‎ἂν‏ — . ܘܡܚܠܝܢܐ
‎S pe. — |. R sing.‏

‎and men travelling along the road to Jerusalem: and, having joined them
and made inquiries and learnt it, she rejoiced and would exult and praise
God, and would say : « Blessed am 1, for 1he Lord has wished for mv salva-
tion, and has answered me according to my petition. And far be it from me
henceforth to return for the world or for kin (γένος), or for parents, and dic.
But f am going to him that led me, and he himself will be to me father‘ and
brother. and Lord and Saviour in both worlds ». And thus she reached
Jerusalem with Joy : and, when she had worshipped there, and her companions
desired to go back, 1110) continued requesting her to return. with them as
being a country woman, saving, « We will not leave vou in this country ».
jul she separated [rom them, and they did not see her again. And she
made inquiries to find ἃ monasterv in whieh to live: and she learned that
there was ἃ large women's monastery betwen Ascalon and Gaza; and thither
she directed her steps: and she made her wish know to the portress. And,
since that monastery was severe (2)?, that old woman said to her : « You,
my daughter, cannot live here, since you are ἃ girl, and you eannot bear

‎1. B ins. ‘and mother”. — 2. This is appy. lbe meaning of (Sol nere, as v. D. and L. and
P. Smith lake il: bul the word expresses size or intensity, and, though il is nol infrequently applied lo
', iis a greal strelch of language lo use it of a monaslery in

‎ascelie practices iu the sense of ‘severe
eh. 58 (0 133 v7 b, il 18 applied 16 ἃ monasters in [he sense of

‎which severe asceticisnm is practised. 1
“exlensive": but this scenes oul ol place. here.
