‎LIFE OF JOHN OF THELLAÀ. 517‏ ]315[
ܪ̈ܕܝܦܐ ܕܒܟܠ ܕܘܟ. ܗ݀ܝ ܕܚܢ ܐܬ݀ܥܕܙܙ ܒܪܘܚܪܗ ܘܐܗܼܦܟ ܥܠ ܚܒܪ̈ܘܗܝ ܐܦܝܣܩܘ̈ܦܐ܂
ܟܕ ]56:. ܕܗܐ ‎ο)...‏ ܕܡܟܝܠ 5 ‎aan JI Jew, [5a‏ ܡܛܠ ‎y‏ ܡܠܬܐ
‎Nu «οὐ sales‏ ܠܐ ܡܿܫܡܠܝ ܒܚܘܒܐ. ܘܬܘܒ ܕܕܚܠܬܐ ܒܚ ܘܒܐ ܠܝܬ. ܘܬܘܒ
ܕܚܘܒܐ܂. ‎RAM‏ ܫܕܐ ܠܙܘ ܠܕܚܠܬܐ. ܘܗܢܐ ܚܝܢܢ ‎«Mel Re)‏ ܚܢܝܢ. ܘܡܟܝܠ,
ܠܐܝܟܐ ܢܐܙܠܘܢ ܡܗܝ̈ܡܢܐ ܪ̈ܕܝܦܐ ܘܡܛܪ̈ܦܐ ܕܥܡܝܢ. ‎Les,‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܟܝ ܕܠܘܬ ܗܠܝܢ
ܕܟܠܫܘܡ —— ܠܗܘܢ ‎νου] jet)‏ ܐܢܐ ‎t^‏ ܐܠܗܐ ‎LS sd Ste‏ ܕܠܘܬ
ܢܘܦܫܝܚ ܡܛܝܒ ܗܽܘܝܬ: ܘܐܬܒܘܩ ܠܥܡܗ ܘܥܕܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎els‏ ܢܐ ° ܘܣܢܫܩܘܬܐ:
ܘܐܢܐ ‎Aa esso‏ ܚܣ ‎eM‏ ܡܝܢ ܩܕܡ ܡܪܝܐ. ‎Jl‏ ܡܟܝܠ ‎οἱ‏ ܩܬܒܠܝܘܢ
ܕܬܘܫܠܛܘܢ ܐܚܼܕܐ ܠܡܪܙܘ̈ܝܡܢܐ ܒܦܪܗܣܝܐ ‎αλ ολ υο os‏ ܓܢܒܪܐܝܬܐ ‎Νο‏ ܚܕ
ܡܢܝܢ ܡܝܢ ‎οι‏ ܘܐܢܕܝܢ ‎eto y‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ .. ܗܒܘܢ ܠܝ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ ܘܡܦܣܢܘܬܐ
‎msi Rss‏ ܘܕܝܠܟܘܢ.. ܘܦܪܘܩܘ ܢܦܫܟܘܢ. ܘܐܢܐ ܡܬ 5 ‎laws lo-fi]‏ ܐܠܦ
‎v3‏ ܚܠܦ ‎Las‏ ܡܗܝܡܒܢܐ ܐܠܘ ‎Li Me L pe‏ ܗܼܢܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܐܦܝܚܣܩܘ̈ܦܐ
:€ ܒܗܕܐ܂ ܘܐܡܼܪܘ. ‎Las,‏ ܗܝ ܕܚܕ ܡܢܢ ‎sous‏ ܒܗܕܐ ܢܬܝܕܥ . ܒܣܘܥܪܢܐ܂

‎church, which is the perseented in every. quarter. Then he was moved
with indignation in his spirit and argned against his fellow-bishops, saying :
« Lo! see that henceforth we are not perfect in the love of God, since
according to the saving of Seripture, ‘Ile who feareth is not perfect in
love’; and again ‘There is no fear in love’; and again ‘Love casteth out
fear '. And now we our own selves have stated it; and heneeforth whither
shall the persecuted and distressed. believers who are witli us go? Do you
wish, pray, that we should send them to those that are every day killing
them? for God knows that 1 for mv part was ready for a life of quietude
by myself, and that I should leave God's people and church in distress aud
need, and serve my own self, far be it from me in the Lord's name. But
now either consent to stretch out a hand to the believers in the boldness
(παῤῥποία) of our God, and let us contend valiantly each of us doing his part,
and, if not and you are afraid, give ine a mandate and a licence from the
patriarchs and from vourselves, and save yourselves; and I for my part will
be persecuted, and I am ready even to die also a thousand times, if it were
possible, for the sake of the believing people ». Tie bishops rejoiced at
this, and said : « 1t is better that one of us only should be known by this in

‎1. I John., 1v, 18.

‎x

‎τῇ v^ a.
