[3337 LIFE OF JOTEN OF HEPIHAESTOPOTLS. 535

οι ‏ܕܐܦ‎ 2à ‏ܟܣ ̈ܐܝ ܬ.‎ Ladss Joël ‏ܐܦܘܩ‎ Le, ‏ܐܪܒܥܚܝܢ‎ ENS
als ‏ܘܐܦ‎ HAS ‏ܕܝܢ ܝܗܼܒܬܐ‎ A μὲ ‏ܟܪܝܗ‎ sh ‏ܡܛܠ‎ b] ‏ܡܦܝܣ‎
‎LL JR ‏ܗܘܐ‎ Land ‏ܕܐܦ 1555 ܡܝܚܠ ܗܘܐ ܒܦܓܪܗ. ܘܟܕ ܛܒ‎ Kaks
αἱ ‏ܡܢ‎ ολα) ‏ܣܝܡܼܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܗ ܕܐܸܢ‎ [12e] ‏ܕܝܢ‎ où ‏ܗܘܘ ܠܗ.‎ reso]
‏ܒܐܬܪܐ‎ où ‏ܢܦܘܩ ܢܣܥܘܪ ܐܢܘܢ‎ ea πι στων ‏ܐܝܕܐ‎ des ‏ܕܠܐ‎ o9 καθ
‏ܕܗܐ ܠ ܦܪܣܛܚܝܘܢ‎ où ‏ܐܝܟ‎ Jl] μῶν ‏ܠܐ‎ os ‏ܗܺܝ‎ onu Las ook};
‏ܘܡܝܢ ܬ݁ܡܶܝܢ܂ ܠܐܣܫܐ. 29 ܕܐܦ‎ ferais ea asso 195 ‏ܝܬܒ‎ . ass
AS] NKéas so ‏ܥܘܡ ܕܐ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܕܡܗܝ̈ܡܢܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܒܗܿ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܣܕܥܪ‎
‏ܟܕ ܝܘܡܐ ܘܟܠܗܘ ܒܕܘܟܬܐ ܐܐ ܬܒܕ ܗܘܐ. ܐܠܐ‎ Jaco) was, ‏ܥܕܡܐ‎ Naso
‏ܚ ܙܘܩܝܐ 355[ ܗܘܐ (ܠܗ)! ܠܟܠ ܓܟ̈ܚܝܢ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܛܕܒܗ‎ : fsasafso ‏ܒܠܠܝܐ‎
‏ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ..‎ οἱ ‏ܘܟܕ ܛܒܪܘ ܡܬܛܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܐܦ ܫܧܧܦܐ ܕܐܬܪܐ‎ οὶ δὲ ‏ܐܪܥܐ‎ as
‏ܗܘܐ‎ ass ‏ܘܠܝܼܒܪ ܡܢܙܘ. ܡܛܠ ܕܩܕ‎ o ‏ܒܥܐ ܗܘܐ‎ cos ‏ܣܥܕܪ ܡܕܡ‎ oor
Ms Pro ‏ܝܘ̈ܡܚܝܢ‎ JA. οἱ ‏ܗܘܐ ܥܠ ܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ.܆ ܘܩܕܡ ܬܙ̈ܝܢ‎ M» ‏ܠܐܬ ܐ|‎

1. Ms. om.

also request, since | am indeed ill »..— And she on her side gave him his will,
and also dismissed him, since he was indeed really weak in bodily health,
and, his body being greatly afllicted, lie constantly sullered from diseases.
But the blessed man was determined that, if anyone interfered with him 1
Lie way of preventing him from extending a hand of ordination to tre believers
within, he would go out and visit them himself in the distriet where they
were, iu the fervour of his enthusiasm ; which also he did not delay to do,
but πό ως the appearance of having gone out to the villa he went ou board a
ship, and went ont first to Lydia, and tlienee Lo Asia, in which there were
in faet many conventa of believers: and thus he visited in all distriets and
passed through them; and he came down as far as Tarsus in. Cilieta, while
he never spent a whole day in à place, but night and day devoted himself to

travelling in all directions. And thereupon tlie report of him was heard over

all that land: and, while the report of him was reachinge the bishop of tlie
district! or of the eitv, he himself did what he required and passed. from it:
since before he entered a distriet he wonld learn about the beltevers, aud he
would send a message two or tliree days beforehand that. tlie men of every

1. Sc. the province. The metropolitan is therefore nieant.

* SL ¥“

1.
