[323] LIFE OF JOHN OF THELLA. 525

‎οὶ; ser v‏ ܗܢܘܢ | ܟܪ̈ܣܬܛܝܢܐ ܣܒܫܪܝܢ ܘܩܝܪܝܢ܂. ܒܢܘܪܐ ܢܦܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ

‏” ܘܝܩܢܝܢ. ° ‎fo‏ ܕܣܘܬܐ ܕܒܣܪܗܘܢ ܠܫܡܝܐ ‎lo‏ ܠܣܘܩܐ ܕܒܬܫܥܵ ܐܢܫܐ ‎Nr‏

‎.Joo £M‏ ܘܗܟܢ ܐ ܚܕ̈ܚܕܢܐ ‎Là, y‏ ܒ ‎Las‏ ܐ ܐܝܟ ܡܬܐ ܕܟܬܝܒ ܐܸܫܬܚܚܼܪܘ.
ܘܡܟܝܠ ܫܪܟܢܐ ܕܐܪ̈ܬܘܕܘܟܣܘ ‎QUI‏ ܕܒܪܕܘܦܝܐ ܐܘ ܕܒܐܟܣܘܪ̈ܝܘܣ ‎πο‏
‏ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ: ‎ol‏ ܐܝܠ ‎κ‏ ܬܘܒ ܕܒܡ̈ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܘܒܧܘܪ̈ܝܐ: ‎οἱ‏ ܒ ܦܪ̈ܘܣܛ ܣ ܝ ܣ
‎ANS‏ ܗܘܘܢ. ܒܐܒܬܐ ܪܒܐ ܘܒܝܚܣܚܪܘܬܐ ܩܫܝܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ‎«hr «"οοοι‏ ܕܒܪ̈ܐܙܐ
‎[isis‏ ܡܫܬܘܬܦ ܠܗܘܢ ܠܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ܂ ܙܒܢܐ ‎ous‏ ܙܦܠܢ. ܐܠܗܐ ܓܝܪ ‎Jr‏
‏ܐܘܠܨܢܐ܂. ܠܐ ‎ag!‏ ܡܢ ܕܢܦܐܫܐ ‎So‏ ܐܝܟ ܪ̈ܚܡܘܗܝ ‎“als‏ ܐܦܢ ܒܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ
ܡܒ̈ܥܕܐ ‎KI‏ 2 ܬܘܒ ܝܘܚܢܝܢ ‎où μοὶ‏ ܕܒܥܪܪܐ ܐܦ ‎ce οοι‏ ܐܝܢܐ
ܕܐܦ ‎JN) oc,‏ ܠܚܘܕܝܬܐ ‎wx‏ ܠܡܥܒܟ. ܕܠܐ ܢܝܬܝܗ̇ ‎JN NS‏
5398( ܣܓܝܐܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܡܢ ܫܪܟܐ ܕܛܘܪ̈ܦܘܗܝ ܕܩܕܝܥܐ ܗܢܐ ܘܕܐܓܘ̈ܢܘܗܝ ܘܕܥܢܘܝܘܬܗ:

‏ܘܕܡܕܒܪܢܙܘܬܗ ܬܘܒ ܘܕܢܙܝܪܘܬܗ: ܐܚܡ ܡܿܢ ‎Jn‏ ܣܟܐ ‎Na‏ ܠܐ ܘܡܣܢ ‎rA‏
‏" ܐܬܥܝܬܐܢ ‎T‏ ܐܠܐ ‎Leo‏ ܡܪܗܛܐܝܬܐ ‎pes CENTS‏ ܟܠ ° ܓܠ̈ܝܢ.

‎1. Ms. ‏ܗܢܘܢ‎

‎burnt in the sight of those who also were  . called Christians:
and the steam of the savour of their Îlesh was woefully walted to heaven and
also into the air breathed by men: and so few were lelt * like doves upon
ledges'' as it is written. And thenceforward the remnant of the orthodox
(ὀρθόδοξοι), great multitudes who were in banishment or in places of exile
(ἐξορίας), or those again who had hidden themselves in the cities and in the
villages, or in villas, w ere in great sorrow and sore uced, since for a space
of so many vears there was none to give them the comniunion of th» life-
giving mysteries. But God, who saw the distress, did not neglect in accord-
ance with his mercv lo give a little refreshiug lo his church, though in
distant regions, by means again of another John, who also was in truth
John, of whom also we determined to compose a history separatelv?, that
we may not protraet tlie history to a. great length; while we have also not
souglit to comprise any of the rest of the afilictions of this saint and of his
conflicts (ἀγών) and of his asceticism. and of liis conduct. moreover and of
his abstinence in our history, inasmuch as il is endless. but we have rapidly
run through these points, which are pateut to him who knows all. By the

‎1. Ezeh., vir, 16. — 2. Ch. 25.

‎78 v^ ἃ.

‎78 v? b.
