Ud vt bh.

‎JOHN OF. EPHESUS. [53‏ 536
ܗܘܐ. ܕܕܟܠ ܕܘܟܬܐ ‎les‏ ܥܠ ܚܕ ܚܕ ܡܣܝܘܢܐ ܡܢ ܚܕ̈ܕܐ܂. ܢܗܘܘܢ ܡܿܟܢܫܝܢ܂
ܘܡܥܬܕܝܢ. ܘܗܟܢܙܐ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܛܪܣܘܣ ܣܕܥܪ. ܟܕ ‎Jon (Na‏ ܕܒܟܠܝܗܿ ܣܘܪܝܐ
‎as solo aus‏ ܡܛܠܬܗ. ܘܗܘܼܐ ‎Lisa‏ ܪܒܐ܂ ܘܒܬܐܥܬܐ ܣܓܝܐܬܐ ܒܟܠܗ̇
ܡܕܝܬܬܐ ܡܛܠܝܬܗ. ‎«a2.» iso‏ ܡ ܐ ܢܘܗܝ ‎xao‏ ܘܐܝܟ ‎fisc‏ ܢ̱ܦܩ܂ ‎Jo‏
‎2M‏ ܘܟܕ ‎ax. Nh Je‏ ܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ܂. ܐܬܥܫܒ ܕܥܕ ܠܐ ‎Lo JM Le»‏
‎liso ὡς yeso IN Lisa es‏ ܦܬܐ ‎SES‏ ܝܙ̈ܚܝܢ.. ܘܬ ܪ ܨ ܠܦܪܣܠܛܚܘܢ
ܐܝܟ ‎où‏ ܕܠܐ ܐܙ ,ܠ ܠܕܘܟܐ. ‎ipso‏ ܟܬܝ̈ܒܬܐ ܠܡܠܟܬܐ܂ ܟܕ ‎es nl‏ ܡܪܐܝ
‎bis‏ ܡܢ ‎RSS‏ ܡܚܝܝܠܘܬܐ ܠܐ ‎Maas]‏ ܗܢܐ ܟܠܗ ܙܒܢܐ ‎Ses]‏ ܐ ܣܓܘܕ
ܫܠܘܚ܂ ܠܝ ܡܘܢ ܩܠܟܝ. ܘܗܼܝ ‎le Ass‏ ܐܝܩܪܐ ‎Bes‏ ܠܗ ܠܬܡܢ. ܘܒܗܘܢ
ܗ ܟܬܝ̈ܒܬܐ ܡܝܢ ܦܛܪܝܪܟܐ ‎Lodel‏ ° ܘܫܪܟܐ ܕܟܠܗܘܢ ܐܦܝ̈ܣܩܦܐ
ܝܢ ‎Era ES‏ - ܕܚܕ ܡܢ ܐܦܫ̈ܥܘܩܦܐ ܕܬܡܿܢ ‎So a‏ ܠܟܠܗ̇
‎ex Ἂς‏ ܟܝܪܛܘܢܚܐ ܘܝܗܼܒ ‎αι ο‏ ܘܚܘܣܝܐ.. ܡܢ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎Has‏ ܥܕܡܐ
52222[ ܘܟܕ ‎Loo‏ ܒܬܥܬܐܼ ‎«so! JUL Ro‏ ܕܕܠܝܡܐ 5« ܕܠܝܬܘܗܝ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ

‎1. Ms. es.

‎place should assemble and be ready along his route! (9) at one day's journey
(μανσίων) from one another: and thus he visited ax far as Tarsns, intendiug 0
go down over the whole of Svria. And there they learned. about him; aud
there was greal commotion. and much searching through the whole city on
his account; and so he 160 his things there, and took his departure like a
poor man, and was not caught. When he saw that the countries had beer
ihrown into commation, he thought « Before search is made and the
eommotion reaches the kiug, 1 will return »: and so he eame back after two
months, and he weut straight to the villa, as if he had not gone anywhere.
Αι] he sent a letter to the queen, saying, « Since l, my lady, have on account
of ill health not been able to come in and make obeisanee to you all this
time. send me by letter what you wish to say ». And she on her side
consented, and sent him a present also there. And during the same days a
letter [rom the patriarch of Antioch? and all the. rest of the bishops was
brought in to the king which stated, « One of the bishops who are there has
come out, and has thrown the whole chureh into confusion, and has performed
ordinatiou (χειροτονία) and given penances κανόνας; and absolution?, from the
roval city as far as Syria». And, when a great seareli had been made, he

‎This is apps. the meaning. We should perh. ead ms ‏ܒܐܘܪܚܐ‎ or we night render * every place
in " territory". V. D. and L. pass over the word. — 2. Ephraim. — 3. Bc. lo converts from Diphysitism,
