[331 LIFE OF μον OF HEPHAESTOPOLIS. 533

ܥܠܘܗܝ ܠܡܬܠܟܬܐ.. ܟܕ ‎exi‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܢܗ ‎[aml.9‏ ܕܬܦܩܘܕ ܠܗ ܠܡ ܕܢܦܘܩ
ܠܙܘ ܡܢ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎So‏ ܙܒܥܐ. ܘܗܼܝ ܐܝܟ ܡܢ ܕܣܒܪܐ ܗܘܬ ‎y‏ ܢܬ ܦܪܓܐ
ܣܢܝܩ: ܐܝܟ ܕܠܢܝܚܗ ‎as‏ ܘܐܦ ° ‎Ask‏ ܕܦܘܩ. ܗܼܢܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ
‎νος‏ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ .. ܘܐܬܡܥܠܟܘ ܕܒܬܘܗܬܐܼ ‎μδαοδὸ «οι.‏ ܒܝܕ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ.
ܟܕ ‎ejl‏ ܘܐܡܿܪܝܢ ܠܗ ܐܝܡ ܕܡܢ ܦܪܨܘܦܐ ܠܡ ܕܡܠܟܬܐ. ‎Jh‏ ܠܡ ܬܬܗܐ ܢܫܥܬܐ
ܐܚܝܪܬܐ ܒܗܕܐ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎[μοὶ οἱ‏ ܐܦܫ̈. ܘܐܢ ‎J‏ ܡ ݀ܬ ܐܢܬ . ܘܗܐ ܦ ܘܩܝܕܢܐ ‎PT‏
‏ܢܦܫܟ܂ ܕܠܐ ܬܡܘܬ ‎lens‏ ܕܠܘܬ ܡܿܠܟܐ ‎Laso ο‏ ܕܬܡܘܬ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ
ܡܗܘܢܐ ܐܝܟ ‎x‏ ܕܠܡܘܬܐ ܒܫܪܪܐ ‎Qh b Jon ue‏ 95« ܐܢܐ ‎«ο‏
‏ܠܡܘܬܐ ‎LAND Sex] λογο". (lo‏ ܘܐ ܕܥ ܫܪܪܐ ܠܐ ܢܘܩ ܐܢܐ . ܗܳܝ
ܕܝܢ ܐܣܝܼܒܪ ܠܗܠܚܢ ‎Jon‏ ܐܬ ܪܗܒ ܘܡ̈ܐܢܐ ‎opus‏ ܕܢܦܘܩ. ܘܢܨܦܩ ‎anao‏ ܐܢܘܢ..
ܘܢܝܼܚܬ ܘܡܼܛܐ ܠܦܠܛܚܢܼ ܟܕ ܠܐ ܐܪܓܫܘ ܗܠܚܢ. ܘܥܠ ‎Roll‏ ܩܕܡ ‎JS‏
‏ܒܦܪܗܣܝܐ ܪܒܬܐ ‎fais,‏ ܫܡܝܬܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎aux‏ ܘܠܚܕܫܡ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ ܕܡ̈ܠܟܐ܆.
ܥܠ ‎x9]‏ ܪܕܘܦܫܐ ܟܘܠܗ ܕܡ ܗܝܡ̈ܢܐ. ܘܟܕ ܡܠܟܬܐ ܚ ܬܬܗ ,. ‎Kool)‏ ܒܙܥܝܦܘܬܗܼ
ܘܐܡܪܐ. ܕܡܥܘ ‎pos‏ ܡܪܝ܂. ܡܢܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܢܐ ° ܣܘܥܪܢܐ. ‎où‏ ܕܚܢ܂ ‎so el‏

went and told tlic queen about him. having concocted à petition purporting
to come from him that she would give him an order to leave the city for a
short me. And she, inasmuch as she thought that he was perhaps in need
of reereation, in order to gratifv him, gave the order, and she also wrote,
« Go». But lliese men took the order, and formed a plan to cateh the blessed
man by terror by means of the order, in that they went and they say to him as
if speaking in !lie person (πρόσωπον) of the queen, « Do not linger another hour
in this city or 800 my face; otherwise you will die. And the order has
reached yourself (9), lest you die an evil death; since you have been accused
to the king, and lie ordered your death. » Butthe intelligent man, inasmuch
as he was in truth ready for death, determined « 1f 1 depart, be it to death
or to Iife, 1 will not depart before 1 go into the palace (παλάτιον) and know
the truth ». Then he made these men think that he had been frightened
and was packing his things to depart; and lie went out aud left them, and
went down. and came to the palace (παλάτιον) without these men being aware
of it; and he went in confidently before the queen with the great boldness
(παῤῥησία) of the lieavenly King. manifesting wrath also and threats against
the king and queen on account of all the persecution of the believers. — ud,
when the queen saw him, she was alarmed at his wrath, and says : « Who

*

So 7 b,

81 1? ἃ,
