ܙ( ܙ :| “

MEL

530 IOIIN OF EPHESUS. (A^8)
‏ܘܡܟܝܠ ܒܥ݀ܒܕܐ ܕܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܥܡܝܢ ܒܐܬ ;ܐ‎ .JÍlaiasasso: ‏ܠܕܪܓܐ ܐܫܬܘܝܘ‎ NT.

‎κο»‏ ܒܦܘܙܫܐ ܕܡܝܢ ܛܥܝܘܬܐ ܕܚܢܦܘܬܐ ܒܙܒܢܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܚܦܚܝܛ ܐܝܒ ܬ
ܘܬܩܢܐܝܬ ܘܡܫܬܡܥܢܐ ܝܬ ° ܡܬܗܦܟܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܟܕ ܟܠ ‎»α-‏ ܠܪܘܝܝܢ ܒܚܝܕ
ܚܦܝܛܘܬܗܘܢ ܘܬܩܝ̈ܢܘܬܗܘܢ ܘܝܨܝܦܘܬܗܘܢ ‎Euro‏ ܗܘܘ. ܥܡ ‎jm‏ ܐܒܝܪܗܡܟ
ܘܢܟܦܐ ܗܪܘܢ ܘܠܐܘܢܛܝ ܩܫ̈ܚܫܢܐ. ܥܡ ܫܪܟܐ ܕܦܡܠܐ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ ܟܫܚܪ̈ܐ ܐܚܚ̈ܝܗܘܢ ‎bind‏
‏ܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܬ ܪ ܒܬܪ ܘܐܦ ܠܗܘܢ ܠܥܘܗܕܢܐ ܡܝܬܝܢܝܢ܆. ܕܟܘܠ ܚܕ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ
ܒܙܒܢܗ ܦܠܝ ܘܠܡܠ ܟܫܝܪܐܝܬ܆. ܕܠܐ ܡܐܝܢܙܘܬܐ ܒܟܪܡܗ ‎Je»‏ ܒܝܬܐ. ܗܢܘ ܕܝܢܝ
ܒܦܘܪܩܢܐ ܪܒܐ ܕܒ̈ܙܒܢܝܢ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎lisa‏ ܕܡܬܦܢܝܢܘܬܐ ܕܐ”ܠܦܐ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ
ܕܡܢ ܕܚܥܬ ‎Dhs‏ ܘܚܘ̈ܓܚܐ ܕܦܬܟܪܘܬ|̇. ܠܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ. ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܒܗ̇ ܐܝܬܝܢ
‎Jess Ns‏ ܒܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ‎JLios‏ - ܘܠܡ ܪܗܛܗ ‎Nou‏ ܡܒܫܡܫܢܐ܂ ܒܗ̇ ܒܬܫܡܫܬܐ.
ܟܕ ‎JA‏ ܚܚ̈ܙܘܢܐ ܕܬܕܡܘܪܬܐ. ܘܐܬܓܠܼܝ ܠܗ ܕܡܬܕܒܪ ܠܐܬܪܐ ܕܒܘܣܡܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎Oll]‏
‎xl]‏ ܒܕܝܪܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ܂ ‎Li‏ ܥܠ ‎ea‏ ܐܢܛܝܘܟ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎JL:‏
‏ܘܛܘܒܢܐ ܕܝܢ 1 ܐܒܪܗܡ ‎τς‏ ܟܕ 2:99« ‎Jlaas Mix)‏ ܟܬܠܡ ܐܦ ‎oo‏ ܪܗܛܐ

‎admitted to tlie rank of the diaconate; and thencelorth for many years they
carnestiv and whole-heartedlv and obediently occupied themselves with
us iu the work of the ministry in the district of Asia in converting men from
the deccitfulness of paganism, gratifving our soul every day by their
earnestuess and whole-heartedness and dilizeuce, with the old man Abraham
and tlie devout Aaron and Leontius the presbyters, with all the other
strenuous workers their other brothers, of whom also too we shall one alter
another make record, each one of whom worked and laboured strenuously
in his time without weariness in the liouseholder's vineyard ', that is in the
great salvation which God's grace wrought iu our times, consisting in the
conversion of many thousands [rom the worship of fiends and the ceremonies
of idolatrv to the fear of God. While then we were engaged in the same
ministry in the districts of Caria, Daniel the deacon ended his course in the
same ministrv, seeing wonderful visions, and it having been revealed to
him that he would be carried away to tlie blissful country ; aud, having falleu
asleep, he was laid in ihe monastery called that of Gordiana hard hy the
citv of Antioch in Caria. And, when we returned. to the royal citv, the
blessed Abraham himself also ended the course of his life-practices in a

‎1. Mallh., xx, 1-16. It is nol stated in ch. 38 liat Aaron took parl iu the conversion of {πὸ pagans.
