‎LtFE OF TRIBUNUS. 665‏ ]403[
ܬܗܘܐ ܗܘܬ ‎κ ολο ο‏ ܝܨܝܦܘܬܐ ܬܗܘܐ ‎loo‏ ܠܗ ܕܢܕܪܝܙܘܿ ܥܠ ‎βου‏ ܘܟܕ
ܣܓܝܐܐ ܡܢ ‎caso‏ :]ܿܐ ܘܡܢ ‎wa συν Lissass‏ : ܡܢ ܥܕܠܬܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ܂
ܡܦܣܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܒܗ: ܘܡܛܠ ܬܘܒ ܝܩܫܪܘܬ ܕܘܒܕ̈ܘܙܗܘܝ ‎«““3-ο‏ ܗܘܘ ‎"AN‏
‏ܘܡܦܝܣܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ ܕܢܫܝܼܘܐ ܐܢܘܢ ܠܡܥܡܪ̈ܐ ܕܥܡܗܘܢ: ‎οἱ‏ ܐܦ ܐܸܢ ܕܢܗܘܐ ܡܫܬ ܪܐ
ܥܡ ܟܠ ‎e»‏ ܡܝܢܝܗܘܢ: ܘܕܙܢܗܘܐ ‎Nasa‏ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܡܕܡ ܡܘܗܒܬܐ.. ܘܗܟܢܐ  ‎oM‏
‏ܗܘܐ ‎ο. ο‏ ܕܡܝܢ ܣܥ ܘܪܘܬܐ| ‎.JKaxss‏ ܟܕ ‎ex]‏ ܕܣܦܩܚܝܢ ܠܚܫ

‏ܚܝܚ̈ܛܗܝ. ܘܕܐܫܬܘܬܦ ܒܚ̈ܛܗܐ ܢܘܟܪ̈ܝܐ: ‎οἱ‏ ܕܒܕܘܥܬܐ ܕܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ ܐܬܒܣܡ.. ܠܓܡܪ

‏ܠܐ ‎Lies ji .L]| Ksax‏ ܘܒܦܘܠ .ܝ .ܢܐ ‎ας ο)‏ ܐܡܝܢ ܗܘܐ: ܟܕ ܐܦ
‎vo b.‏ 108 + ܠܣܝܒܘܬܐ ‎Sas‏ ܗܘܐ .. ܟܕ ‎Vues‏ 5.256 ܗܘܐ ܕܠܐܣܟܡܐ ܢܐܬܐ ܗܘܐ.

‏ܒܥܘܡܪܐ ܗܢܐ ܕܝܠܢ ܘܙܛܘܒܢܐ ‎Jie)‏ ܣܘܓܐ|ܐ ܕܝܘ̈ܡܬܗܼ ‎Jon aa‏ ܟܕ ܐܦ ܠܒܕ

‏܀

‏ܝ̈ܕܝܐ ܠܣܘܙܩܢܗ ܦܠܝ ܗܘܐ ܡܕܡ ܕܢܓܪܘܬܐ. ܘܬܘܒ ܩܬ̈ܠܘܒܘܬܐ? ܠܒܕ ܗܘܐ
ܕܩܩ̈ܒܢܐ ܘܡܿܙܒܢ.. ܘܡܬܦܪܢܣ ‎Jo‏ ܥܡ 1« ‎οἱ: MS‏ ܗܢܘܢ ‎Άν)‏
‎όλο‏ ܗܘܘ ‎TAN‏ ܡܐ ܓܝܪ ‎LS‏ ܐܘ ‎La)‏ ܕ ܘ ܢ[ܦܩܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܀ ܘܐܦ

‎1. ‏ܝ‎ added (in same hand?). — 2. Corr. from ILasaro.

‎in his cell, he would set himself to scatter it among the needy. Since many
of the ehamberlains and of the distinguished members of the senate (σύγκλητος)
were aequainted with him because of tlie blessed man', and moreover loved
him on aecount of his venerable manner of life, and used to beg him to do
them the favour of dwelling with them, or even only to stay with each of
them, and to receive some gift from them, so also he would flee and shrink
as from the perpetration of an evil act, saying, « My sins are enough for
me; and to share in other men's sins?, or to refresh myself by the sweat
of others | will never consent ». And so he was constant in maintaining a
life of retirement and the performance of righteous acts, though he had
reached old age, still hoping to attain the habit (σχῆμα), passing most of
his days in this our convent aud that of the blessed Z'ura, while he also
practised handiwork for his needs, some carpentering; and moreover he made
partridge-cages (κλωθός) and sold them, aud gained his living, with his two
slaves, who also served him devoutly; for, when they went out to monaste-
ries or anywhere, then they also continually practised vigils and fasting and

‎1. Sc. Z' ura. — 2. Cf. p. 175.
