[491] LIFE OF JAMES. 693

‎EN‏ ܠܒܕ ‎.Joo‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܒܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ‎LN"‏ ܘܬܚ̈ܬܝܐ : ܟܕ ܡܝܢ ܬܚܘܡܐ ܕܦܪ̈ܣܝܐ
ܘܥܕܡܐ ܠܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܩܘܣܛܛܢܛܝܢܐ ܦܘܠܝܣ: ܐܦ ܠܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ ܘܠܟܠܗܘܢ
‎-.JLosl]‏ ܒܪܗܼܛܐ ‎he‏ ܕܓܢܒܪܘܬܐ ‎des‏ ܗܘܐ ܕܠܐ ܝܼܠܚܐ. ܘܡܡܿܠܐ ‎Je.‏ ܕܬܫܡܫܬܐ
‎(oops‏ ܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ ܐܪ̈ܬܕܟܣܘ. ܠܘ ܒܠ .ܘܕ ܒܬܛܟܣܐ ܕܩܠܚܝܪܘܣ ‎JN-ser.30)‏
‏ܨ ܕܨ¡ ‎ν‏ ܕܦܗܢܘܬܐ.. ‎JH‏ ܐܦ ' ‎β΄ saNo JLas‏ ܘܒܢܝܢܐ ‎JLano‏ ܘܚܘܠܦܢܐ ܕܟܠܗ ‎EN‏
‏ܕܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ ܕܒܟܠ ‎Jun) «ο‏ ܕܡܟܝܠ ܛܒܝܗ ܒܟܘܠ ‎Luis‏ ܡܝܫܬܡܼܥ ܗܘܐ.
ܘܒܟܠ }41 ܘܡܕܝܢܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܘܠܗܘܢ ܐܦܚ̈ܝܣܩܦܐ ܣܘ̈ܢܗܕܝܛܐ ܡܢ ܟܘܠ ܓܒ̈ܝܢ
ܢܬܡܪܡܪܘܢ܆. ܘܢܬܐܠܚܡܘܢ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܥܡܐܚܕܗ ܘܠܡܿܡܦܫܚܘܬܗ. ܘܟܕ ‎Nas‏ ܦܢ̈ܝܢ
ܒܬܪܗ ‎v9 Dors‏ ܗܘܘܢ. ܐܣܬܬܪ ܡܝܢ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܐܠܗܝܬܐ.. ܘܠܐ ܐܫܬ ܠܡ
ܒܐܝ̈ܕܝܗܘܢ ܕܪ̈ܕܘܦܘܗܝ ܘܕܐܝܠܝܢ ‎LAS‏ ܗܘܘ ܢܦܘܗ. ܟܕ ܓܝܪ >= ܡܢ ‎fos]‏
‏ܢܐܙܠ ܗܘܐ .. ܒܚܕ ܠܠܝܐ ܐܢ ‎AE‏ ܘܚܕ ܐܝܡܡܐ: ܟܠܗ ܠܒܕܐ ܕܬܫܡܫܬܗ
ܡܡܠܐ ‎fou‏ . ܘܥܠ ‎Lis!‏ ܬܠܬܝܢ ‎οἱ «Mile‏ ܝܬܝܪ ܡܺܝܠܝܢ ܒܘܬܐ ܕܒܬܪܗܼ
ܠܒܕ ܗܘܐ. ܘܟܕ ܛܒܘ ‎Los‏ ܐܬܪܐ ‎:Joot Ska‏ ܘܢܦܩܘܢ ܒܬܪܗ ܪ̈ܕܘܦܘܗܝ.. ‎oot‏
‏ܚܠܝܨܐ ܒܓܢܒܪܘܬܗܼ ܡܢܬܟܚ ܗܘܐ ܡܫܡܠܝ ܥܒܪ ܕܗ ܕܒܐܬܪܐ ܐܚܪܢܐ. ܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ

‎in glory and in dishonour''. And so in the upper and lower countries, while
he was running the vigorous course of heroism without ceasing from the
Persian frontier even as foras the royal city of Constantinople, and Alexandria
and allthe countries, and fulfilling the work of the ministry to all the orthodox
(ὀρθόδοξοι) believers, not only by organizing the clergy and the giving of the
priesthood, but also by consoling and comforting and edifying and strengthe-
ning and teaching all the party of the believers everywhere?; so that consc-
quently his fame was carried over all quarters, and in every country aud citv ;
so that all the synodite bishops from all sides were exasperated, and made
threats against him to arrest him and tear him in pieces. And, while they
were running after him with menaces in all quarters, he was sheltered by
the divine grace, and was not delivered into the hands of his pursuers, and of
those who sought his life?. | For, whenever he went to any district, he would
complete all the work of his ministry in one night perhaps and one day, and
would pass the next night thirty or forty miles or more farther ou; and,
whenever news of him was heard in onc district, and his pursuers went out
after him, the brave inan would be found in his heroism fulfilliug his work in

‎1, Π Cor, vi, 7, 8. — 2. The sentence is left unfinished. — 3. Jer., 6 80.
