[495] LIFE OF JAMES. 697

ܐܢܐ ‎ss‏ ܡܢ ܫܪܝܪܬܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܐܦܝ̈ܝܚܣܩܦܐ ܕܠܐ ܙܥܘܪܝܢ ܒܝܡܢܚܢܝܐ.. ܘܐܦ
ܦܛܪܝܪ̈ܟܐ ܬܪ̈ܝܢ ܡܢܗ ܘܡܢ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ ܕܥܡܗ ܐܝܟ ܕܦܩܝܕ ܒܩ̈ܢܘܢܐ ‎so‏ ܟܝܪܛܘܢܝܐ.
ܟܕ ܠܘܩ ܕܡ ܛܘܒ̈ܢܐ ܬܡ̈ܝܗܐ ܬܪ̈ܝܢ: ܕܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܫܡ̈ܡܗܝܗܘܢ ܐܘܓܝܢ ܘܩܝ̣ܢܘܢ ‎Nas‏
‏ܘܥܠ ܠܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ 1 ܡܕܝܢܬܐ.. ‎το‏ ܐܢܘܢ ܬܡܝܢ ܥܡ ‎ie]‏ ܐܦܚ̈ܣܩܘܦܐ ܘܐܦ
ܠܗܘܢ ]22.2.2245[ ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎LAS‏ ܘܥܡ݀ܗܘܢ ‎LS‏ ܥܒܕܐ ܕܬܫܡܫܬܐ܂ ܓܢܒܪܐܝܬ.
‎Là‏ 9( ܥܕܡܐ ܠܫܢܬܐ ܗܕܐ ܩܕܡܝܬܐ ܕܡܠܝܟܘܬܗ ܕܝܘܣܛܛܝܢܐ ܡܿܠܟܐ: ‎el E‏
ܠܣܝܒܘܬܐ ‎aol!‏ ܡܟܝܠ ܝܩܚܪܬܐ܂. ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎Jes‏ ܕܥܠܝܡܝܘܬܐ܂ ܠܐ ‎p‏
‏ܐܝܟܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܒܫܘܪܝ ܬܫܥܝܬܐ ܕܥܠܘܗܝ ܐܫܬ݀ܘܕܝܢ ܚܢܢ: ܕܠܐ ‎JA css Lys‏
ܕܥܠܘܗܝ ܕܐܝܟ ܡܐ ܕܐܼܝܬܘܗܝ ܕܬܬܝܬܥܐ - ‎Lion‏ ܐܦ ܗܟܐ ‎Las His‏ ܚܢܢ. ܟܕ

‎No‏ ܡܢ ‎μας d P‏ ܕܬܦܠܬܘܫܘܗܝ ܐܦ ܕܪ̈݀ܗܛܘܗܝ ܘܦܘܠܚܢܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܝܟ
ܕܠܬܫܒܘܚܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܕܓܕܒܝܗܝ܆. ‎ots o |o ο Suo‏ ܒܥ ܕܬܗ ‎μας.) Lips‏

‎wies‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܠܢ ‎oda es‏ ܥܡ ܕܟܠܗܘܢ ‎Jaco‏ ܢܬ݀ܥܕܪ ܐܡܝܢ ܘܐܡܝܢ܀
ܫܠܡܬ ܬܫܟܝܬܐ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܢܙܠܝܝܢ ܐ ܘܢܢܝܠܬܢܐ ܝܥܩܘܒ
ܐܦܝܣܩܘܦܐ ܘܐܓܘܢܣܛܐ܀

‎1 do not think he will depart from the truth; even as no small number of
bishops and two patriarchs' also received ordination (χειροτονία) from him and
from others who were with him as is enjoined in the canons. First he took
two admirable blessed men whose names are Eugene and Conon and entered
the city of Alexandria, and there with other bishops he made them also as
well bishops, and so he went out; and with them he heroïcally performed the
work of the ministry, which has been going on even down to this first year
of the reign of Justin the king?, though he has now reached an honoured
old age, though he does not fall short of the work of youth. For, as we
declared at the beginning of the history that is concerned with him that the
history that is concerned with him cannot be related in accordance with what
he is, so also we state now at the end, having recorded a small portion of the
conflict (ἀγών) of the blessed man's contests and of his pursuits and his work
for the glorv of God, who chose him and strengthened him and set him up
in bis ehureh in the time of the persecutiou, in order that we may all be
assisted bv his prayer together with that of all the saints Amen and Amen!

‎The history of the brave and valiant blessed man James the bishop and combatant
ι(ἀγωνιστής) is ended.

‎l. Sergius and Paul. — 2. 560.

‎+ 118 v? bh.
