[411] . LIFE OF AARON. 643

ܠܘܬ ‎Lu‏ ܕܦܓܪܗ ܡܢ ܩܛܛܚܪܐ ܢܐܬܐ ܗܘܐ.. ܠܡܚܣܢ 244 ܗܘܐ ‎SORS y29u‏
ܡܢ ‎oo lol‏ ܥܡܠܐ ܕܩܘܡܐܬܼ ܕܬܬܘܠܫܬܐ܂ ܒܙܒܝܢ ܓ ܚܪ ܒܩܘܡܐ ܒ̈ܠܝܠܘܬܐ ܩܐܡ
ܗܘܐ.. ܘܒܙܒܢ܂ ܒܬܪܢܝܘܣ ܝܬ ܒ ܗܘܐܼ. ܐܝܟܢܐ )39 ‎J'aslo Les‏ ܠܔܓܡܝܪ
ܡܫܬ ܐܠ ܗܘܐ . ‎o]‏ ܕܢܬܠ ܐܝܚܐ ܠܦܓܪܗ ‎y‏ ܕܢܓܣ ܥܠ ܓܒܗ.. ܥܕܡܝܐ
ܠܟܘܪ̈ܗܢܐ ‎an sas flaco Lio‏ ܬܐ.. ‎«ὁ‏ ܕܝܢ ‎«p‏ ܗܘܐ ܕܓܣ ܥܠ
‎has!‏ ܕܥܠ ‎Jess‏ ܟܕ ܐܦ ܠܐ ܗܟܢܐ ܡܢ ‎JAI‏ ܪܒܬܐ ܕܥܡܬܐ ܪܘܚܢܚܐ ‎9j)‏
‏ܗܘܐ ܣܟ. ܘܒܟܠܗ ܙܒܢܐ ܕܬܠܬܝܢ ‎Lal»‏ ܕܥܡ ܚܚ̈ܕܕܐ ܕܝܪܢܢ: ܕܡܢܗܝܢ ܒܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ
ܡܶܡܕܢܚܝܝܐ: ܘܡܢܗܝܢ ܗܿܢܘ ܕܝܢ ܣܘܓܐܗܝܢ ‎μα ον‏ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ' ܡܠܟܘܬܐ: ܘܬܘܒ
ܒܪ̈ܕܘܦܝܐ ‎D. Ji‏ ܐܬܕ ܙܝܬ ‎Sols‏ ܦܥܠܐ ܗܢܐ ܟܫܝܪܐ ܒܦܘܠܚܢ ܟܪܡܗ ‎Lasso)‏
‏ܕܡܢ ‎fs,‏ ܕܫܘܪܝܐ ܕܚܚ̈ܝܘܗܝ ܥܕܡܐ ‎Mes, Faso‏ ܕܝܝܘ̈ܡܝܘܗܝ. ܐܦ ܠܐ ܟܕ
‎JAN‏ ܣܓܝܐܬܐ ܘܠܥܘܒܛܛܐ ‎μούσα»,‏ ܐܬ ܐ.. ܠܐ }} .5« ܡܢ ܦܧܵܶܠ ܢ ‎Εν‏
‎Jooc |‏ ܒܙܒܝܢ ‎Fan‏ ܢܦܠ ‎loo JR ass Lam fshas Jon‏ ܗܘܬ
ܒܡܚ̈ܣܢܘܗܝ. ܘܗܟܝܢܐ ܒ̱ܢ ܟܦܘܬܐ ‎br»9ll Juge‏ ܗܢܐ ‎2ου» SA‏ |
‎Kofi}‏ ܡܚܣܢܗ.. ‎amello‏ ܘܐܘܦܝ ܥܕܡܐ ‎oasis‏ ܘܬܪܝ ‎ask NE‏

came of necessity to rest his body, lie could searecly turn his body round,
from weariness and also from the labour of standing ai tlie serviec. But some-
times he would stand on a standing-post' at night, aud sometimes he would
sit on a chair (θοόνος), so that lie completely refrained From bed and rug, or? to
give rest to his body so as to lie upon his side, until he was smitten by sore
diseases aid advaneed old age, and then he was forced to lie upon a rug laid
on ἃ plank, while even so he in no way gave up the great purpose of spiritual
labours. And during all the period of thirty. years that we dwelt together,
some in the eastern countries, and some, viz. most of ilem, in the
western in the roval citv, and further in many persecutions, it wis never
seen that this strennous worker showed negligence in the tilline of Christ's
vinevard from the morning of the beginning of his life down to the evening
of tlie end of his days, nor, when he fell into extreme old age and a combi-
nation of diseases, did he shriuk from divine labours. Once he fell under
the severe pain of a gaugrene that was forined in his loins; and in this wav
he bore this distress with great devoutness, until his loin was eaten up, and
was cut away and vanished down to the root of it, and his trouble began to

1. Cf. p. 410. — 2. sie sy.

* 10 ‏ܐ‎ bh.
