[471] LIFE OF PAUL OF ANTIOCII. 673

ܢܐܨܦܘܢ܇ ܘܢܗܘܘܢ ܙܰܗܳܛܶܝܢ ‎ο.‏ ܗܢܐ ‎mas‏ ܐܦ ܓܝܪ ܣܓܫ̈ܐܐ ܡܝܢ ‎Jusioït‏
‏ܘܪ̈ܝܢܢܐ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ! ܟܕ ܫܠܝܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܐܣܟܡܗܘܢ ܘܐܣܟܡܐ ܕܡܣ̈ܟܢܐ ܡܬܟܣܝܢ

*

Lors ‏ܗܘܘ‎ E Lisoto + 09429" [ο ‏ܙܘܘܘ: ܘܟܘ̈ܣܝܬܐ ܕܡܚܦܝܢ ܪ̈ܝܫܝܗܘܢ‎ «ΙΙΙ τα.
‏ܕܟܪܝܗܐ ܘܕܡܣܟܢܐ:. ܘܣܟ̈ܐ ܘܣܝܒ̈ܬܐ.‎ ?Jlamwÿas ‏ܗܘܘ‎ ode ‏ܒܧ̈ܕܠܝܗܘܢ..‎
‎oi N Lasso ‏ܐܚܡ‎ AND ‏ܬܫܡܫܬܗܘܢ.. ܟܕ ܢܦܩ̈ܬܐ ܚܕܝܐܝܬܐ‎ oio ον
‏ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܚܦܝܛ ܒܕ̈ܘܚܢܚܝܬܐ‎ Jj ‏ܡܿܡܦܩܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܦܘܪܢܣܗܘܢ ܒܛܢܢܗܘܢ‎
πσο νο NTI ‏ܦܘܠܘܣ: ܟܕ ܘܚܡ ܘܦܪܪܪܗ̇ ܠܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܗܕܐ ܕܡܶܣܟܢܐ ܒܡܕܝܙܬܬܗ‎
‏ܢܝܫ ܘܢܦܩ ܠ ܡܕܝܢܝܬܐ‎ JE ‏ܡܢ‎ μόνο ‏ܚܦܝܛܛܐ‎ fais }]-ωο

ܪܘܪ̈ܒܬܐ ‎dogs,‏ ܟܕ ‎“Jess 4N2 300 «o‏ ܘܡܝܪܐ ܘܡܩܝܡ ܠܬܐܫܡܫܢܬܐ
ܗܕܐ ‎Rs was‏ ܒܝܕ ‎LS μοὶ‏ ܘܟܪ̈ܣܠܛܝܢܐ:. ܕܒܛܝܠ ܠܗܘܢ ܥܠ
ܦܘܪܩܢܐ ܕܚܝܝܫ̈ܗܘܢ:. ܘܡܬܚܦܛܝܢ ܥܠ ܝܪܬܘܬܐܼ ܕܚܫ̈ܐ ܕܥܠܥܠܡܟ. ܟܕ ܕܚܢ ‎JL.‏
‏ܗܢܐ ‎ais je‏ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܿܚܦܛ: ‎janaxo‏ ܠܗ ‎Ja‏ ܕܬ ܡܝܫ ܬܐ ܗܕܐ
ܕܡܣ̈ܟܢܐ ‎Was‏ ܐܝܕܐ ‎οἱ:‏ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ.ْ ܘܥܒܕ ܗܘܐ ܚܕܐ ‎οἱ κο ο. οἱ Jus‏ ܝܬܝܪܐ:
‎Jea Josue b.‏ ° ܕܐܬܩܝܡ ܘܐܫܬ ܪܪ ܥܒ ܕܗ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎à‏ ܬܘܒ ܚܘܫܟܗ ‎μι‏

1. In erasure (ἢ). — 2. Ms, lLaze3a25. — 3, Ms, ‏ܝ ܘܢܐܡܠܘܢ‎ — ^. The letters ‏ܦܠ‎ are written as a cor,
reclion from something else.

to this labour. For many even of the great and eminent men of the city,
having put off their apparel (σχῆμα) and elothed themselves in poor men's
apparel (cyäux) and hoods that concealed their heads and faces, would thus put
straps on their necks and carry tho chairs of the sick and poor, and old men and
women, and perform all the ministration to them, while in their earnest zeal
they gladly spent money for each man aecording to his state in life to make
provision for them. But Paul the earnost in spiritual things, having insti-
tuted and organized this ministration to the poor in his city of Antioch, and
seen that it was being carried out by many persons witli earnest zeal, with-
drew and departed to tlie other great cities, stirring zeal and enthusiasm in
many, and organizing aud instituting this ministration in all cities through
certain earnest amd Christian men who eoneerned themselves about their
lives! salvation, and earnestly endeavoured to gain the inheritance of eternal
life. When this strenuons worker had been teaching and rousing enthu-
siasm, and instituting the work of this ministration to the poor in any one
city, and had passed one year or two or more, and saw that his work had been
instituted. and organized 1u that city, his zealous plan would next draw him
