πλ ){$ \^ 1

”* 11 1 $; ^ 1.

650 JOHN OÙ EPHESUS. [438]

ܕܙܒܚ̈ܢܐ ‎“Ὁ ne‏ ܗܘܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎"US‏ ܠܗ ܒܐܓܘܢܐ ܗܢܐ ܐܝܟ ܫܝ̈ܢܝܐ
ܚܡܫܥܣܪܐ.. ‎Lisa‏ ܣܓܚܐܐ ܡܝܢ ܥܕܠܬ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ܒܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܩܡ
ܗܘܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܣܓܺܝܐܐ ° ܢܬܪܕܦܝܘܢ ܘܢܬܛܪܕܘܢ ܡܢ ܕܘ̈ܟܝܬܗܘܢ.. ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܠܐ
ܡܬܛܦܝܣܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܕܢܫܠܡܘܢ ܠܫܘܐܦܘܬܐ ܟܠܩܝܕܘܢܝܬܐ. ܐܬܡܛܝܘ݀ ܕܝܢ ܥܕܡܐ
ܠܘܬܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܡܪܐ . ܘܟܕ ܐ ܒܣܓܿܝܐܬܐ ܐܠܨܘܗܝ 7 ܘܠܐ ܐܬܕܢܝ ܠܫܘܬܦܘܬܗܘܢ.. ܒܪܕܘܦܝܐ
‎seas]‏ ܐܦ ܠܗ ܡܝܢ ‎aie‏ ܘܡܢ ܥܕܠܬܐ ܕܕܐܝܟ° ܗܕܐ܂. ‎Lao Eole‏
ܐܠܡܣܩܬܐ ܕܠܩܘܣܛܢܛܝܢܐ ܦܘܠܝܣ ܠܕܒܟ ܗܘܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܡܟܣܢܘܬ|° ܩܝܝܬܐ
ܕܡ̈ܠܟܐ” ‎ο...‏ ܘܡܿܕܙܥ" ܠܡܕܝܢܬ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ. ܥܠ ܐܕܚܢ
ܡܥܠܬܗ7 ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܕܠܘܬ ‎Las‏ ܘܡܠܟܬܐ: ܘܒܥܕ̇ܝܪܝܘܐ”¢ ܦܓܥܗ ܕܒܗܘܢ:
‎Soto jo‏ ܕܠܘܬܗܘܢ: ‎"olas νου‏ ܘܦܚܝܘܛܘܬܗ ܬܘܒ ‎Jie +. cola‏ ܠܐ ‎Nau‏
‏ܠܢ ܕܪܘܫܡܐ ° ܕܟܬܝ̈ܒܬܐ ܢܥܒܕ ܒܬܫܥܝܬܐ' ܕܥܠܘܗܝ. ‎aM‏ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܡܛܘܠ

ι. Rhen. ‏ܡܠܠܝ ܐ[ 22 — .ܣܓܝܐܐ‎ — 3, B ‏ܪ ܕ ܐܬܡܛܝܘܢ‎ D |) ‏ܒܣܠܓܝܐ‎ i03. — 5. B om. — ἡ, B 723
‏ܘܠܡܦܣܢܘܬܐ‎ .wala9 ‏ܠܡܣܩܬ ܕܠܩܘܣܛܢܛܝܢܐ‎ . — 7, D ‏ܡܒܠܬܗ ܕܝܢ‎ . — 8, D ‏ܘܥܠ‎ for e. — 9. ἢ ins. ‏.ܗܕܐ‎

by laborious practices for ἃ long period of time. And, when he had com-
pleted about 15 years in this conflict (ἀγών), a great disturbance arose iu the
city, of Alexandria on account of the faith', iusomuch that many were
expelled and driven from their places, men who would not consent to conforui
to tlie Chaleedonian communion. And they came even to the blessed Mare
himself; and, when they had pressed him greatly and he did not acquiesce
iu their communion, they drove him also out and expelled him from his
cell. And from such a reason as this he was seized by a vehement desire
to go up to Constantinople, so that he applied? himself to dealing a severe
reproof to the king and queen; and he went up aud reached the royal city.
But with regard to the blessed man's entry into the presence of the king
and queen, and the rough character of his meeting with them, and the
insulting words which he addressed to them, and his audacity and his con-
temptuous conduct moreover to them of this we have not thought it well

to make a written record? in the history of his life not only on account

1. This must refer tu [he events of 536, which dates his stay in Egypt cire. 521-36, his life with Paul
cire. 510-21, and his birlh circ. 486: bul 1 cannot reconcile this with 1. having known him from liis
childhood. 15 years must he loo much, for in 521 J. was a boy of 14 in the eonvenl of Maro (sée Introd.)

— ?. We require rather ‘might apply: but the texL cannot be ollierwise rendered. — 3. The Syr.
is hardly grammatical. but the sense is clear.
