ܢܢ

‎LIFE OF MARE TIIE SOLITARY. 631‏ ]439[
ܩܬܚܘܬܗܘܢ.. ܘܨܥܪ̈ܐ ܘܫܝܛܬܛܘܬܐ ܕܗܘܬ ܡܢܗ ܠܘܬ ܐܚܺܝܕܝ ‎elo Ji] Les‏ ! ܡܛܘܠ
ܛܟ ܘܐܠܘ ܐܬܟܬܒ.. ‎age‏ ܛܒ 005 ܒܙܥܘܐ ‎ὡςδι <a"‏ ܠܡܬܗܝܡܢܘ ܠܘܬ
‎asia‏ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܕܠܫ̈ܕܠܢ ܗܘ̈ܝ ܕܢܬܐܡܪ̈ܢ ° ܠܘ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܠܘܬ ܡܿܠܟܐ ܐܚ̈ܝܕܝ
‎Las‏ ܕܥܠܡܐ ܗܢܐ .. ‎Μὲ‏ ܘܐܦ ܠܐ ܠܘܬ ܐܢܫܐ ܫܝ̈ܝܛܐ ܘܒܝܨܝܪ̈ܐ. ܟܕ ܓܝܪ
‎3L coo S.‏ ܘܩܫܚܘܬܐ ܕܐܝܟ ‎Là Jit‏ ܕܐܦ ܡܢ ‎Lio ode S.)‏ ܗܘܐ ‎τό‏ ܐܟܣ
ܩܫܝܐܝܬܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܐܡܪܢܢ ܠܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ 930 ." ܗܼܢܘܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܝܢ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ..
ܡܟܝܟܐܝܬ ܕܠܐ ܩܫܚܘܬܐ ܒܕܚܠܬܐ ‎mouse aie‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܢ ܓܒܪܐ ܪܒܐ ܘܐܝܚܝܕܝܐ

‎κ‏ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ‎opus‏ ܦܪܗܣܝܐ' ܕܡܠܬܗ.. ܕܠܒܫܒܐܝܬ ‎Jo‏ ܕܚܠܬܐ ܡܠܠ

‏ܘܐܟܣ ‎«ao‏ ܟܕ ‎NS‏ ܐܙܝܥܗܼ ‎μας δὶ Jo‏ | ܪܗܒܘܗܝ. ܟܕ ‎fon ol‏ ܒܥܪܪܐ

‏ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܦܝܠܣܘܦܐ ܪܘܚܢܝܐ”. ܟܕ ܠܒܚܘܢ܀ܗ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܐܝܟ ܕ ܠܥܠ
| ܝܟ ܕܡܢ

‎Dess‏ ܫܟܝܪ ܒܚܙܬܗ ܒܝܕ ‎LaSos‏ ܕܪ̈ܘܩܥܐ ‎JR‏ ܘܡܫ̈ܚܠܦܬܐ ܕܦܪ̈ܝܥܢ ܡܢ

‎JN. so he‏ ܕܕܘܒ̈ܫܝܗܝܢ ܕܒܝܕ ܫܘ̈ܝܬܐ ܣܢ̈ܝܬܐ ܕܣܥܪܐ ‎Jisanso‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ

‎1. B om, — 2. B ls ‏ܕܠܘ ܐܬܟܬܒ : ܦܕ ܛܒ‎ A on. ‏:ܕ‎ —3. A om. ‏ܒܙ‎ DB ορ]. — 4, D m
‏ܪ ܝܣܝܐ‎ {9 ο.» — 5, B leo — 6, D ‏ܗܘܐ‎ «556 I3 aao δωρο 00755.
? ΝΜ : :

‎of their violence‘, and the insults and the contemptuous conduet which lie
used toward the rulers of tlie world, but furtlier also because perhaps, even
if they had been written, the difficulty of believing among the hearers would
be very great aud not small, that tliese things could easily be said not only
to kings, the holders of the power of this world, but even also to contemptible
and mean persons. But, when he sternly rebuked the royal pair as we
have said with? such freedom (παῤῥησία) and sternness, which he had 1
possessed from his boyhood, they as by the grace of God accepted it from
him humbly and with fear without violent action, as from a great man and a
perfect solitary, especially because they saw the freedom (παῤῥησία) of his
speech, that he spoke and rebuked and reproved courageously and without
fear, not heing frightened by the erown or alarmed by the purple, and they
said, « This man is in truth a spiritual philosopher »; his dress being as we
described it above, hideous through the patching together of unsightly aud
ill-matched rags dillering from one another, and fastenings whereby they
were joined together by unsightly cords of hair and of wool, insomucli that

‎i. The sense shows that the violence of the insults is meant, but ace. Lo the «rammar it would be
easier to refer it to the king and queen, — 2. Mss. om,

‎* A δὴ v^ b,
