66^ JOHN OF EPHESUS. [^62]

ܘܠܢ.. ܕܐܝܚܟ ‎Les‏ ܬܥܘܠ ܘܬܦܘܩ ܠܝܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܘܠܦܥܛܝܢ.. ‎lo‏ ܠܢ

° ܐܦܘܩ ܣܚܝܣ.. ܘܠܐ ܟܕ ‎aM [asl‏ ܐܢܬ ܬܬܗܦܟ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܘܢܬ ‎ROTE‏

ܐܣܟܡܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܫܡܠܐ ܗܘܐ ܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܕܣܒܐ ܘܕܥܘܡܪܗܼ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܝܘܡܡܬܐ ܕܚܚ̈ܘܗܝ.
ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܬܗܘܐ ܐܝܬܐ ܠܗ ܡܥܠܬܐ ܘܦܪܗܣܝ ܐ . ܘܐܦ ܦܠܝܼܚܘܬܐ ‎«na sono:‏
ܒܩܛܝܪܐ ܫܕܘ ܥܠܝܘܗܝ ܒܝܕ ܦܘܩܕܢܗ ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪܝܢ.. ܕܗܕܐ ܠܕܡܝܪ̈ܝܟ ܡܕܡ ܠܐ
ܡܥܟܪܐ. ܘܐܡܬܝ ܕܨܒܐ ‎a9 NI‏ ܗܘ ܠܝܟ ܕܬܫܒܩܫܝܗ̇ ܠܦܠܕܚܘܬܐ. ܐܠܐ ܠܡ
ܡܛܠ ܐܦܘܩܪܝܣܝܣ ‎9ο De)‏ ܥܠܝܟ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܢ ܩܛܝܪܐ ܦܠܚܝܼܘܬܐ
‎"Waco JR |‏ ܟܕ ‎og‏ ܟܘܠܗ ܗܘܢܗ ܘܦܘܠܚܢܗܼ ܒܦܘ̈ܠܚܝܢܐ ܫܡ̈ܝܢܐ ܐܡܝܢ
ܗܘܐ ‎lo‏ ܟܕ ܕܝܝܢ ܡܝܢ ܒܬ ܪ ‎Lacs‏ ܕܫܡܿܫܗ܂ ܠܛܘܒܙܐ: ܢܦܝܼܩ ‎oo‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܡܢ
‎fans‏ : ܘܦܕܫ ܡܝܬ ܪܐ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܒܩܠܝܬܐ ‎ον‏ ܕܥܡܿܪ ܗܘܐ ‎à»‏ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ : ܟܕ
‎σαν Jane‏ ܕܕܘܒܪ̈ܘ݀ܗܝ ‎Jae s‏ ܪܒܬܐ .. ܟܕ ‎lo‏ ܬܘܣܦܬܐ ܕܪܚܝܼܡܬ ‎Lies")‏

ܘܢܝܚܝܐ ܕܡܣܟܢܐ ° ܐܘܣܦ ܥܠ ܥܡܡܠܘܗܝ ܪ̈ܘܚܢܝܐ܂. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܒܡܣܟܢܘܐܐ .×

ܨܒܝܢܝܬܐ ‎Li‏ ܗܘܐ ‎eo‏ ܒܣܡ ‎Jo‏ ܒܘܿ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܢ ‎SX‏ ܘܝܬܝܪܘܬ| ‎eoe‏

1. Added in marg. in smaller letters. — 2. Corr. from 1Lo1225305.

better both for you aud for us that yon should go in and out of the city and
the palace (παλάτιον) as ἃ layman, and carry communications (ἀποχρίσεις) for
us, and not go about the city clad in the habit (σχῆμα) and cause the habit
(σχῆμα) to be made an object of mockery ». And so he performed the service
of the old man and of his convent all the days of his! life, insomuch that he
gained easier entry and more freedom (παῤῥησία), and they even thrust the office
of a count on him under constraint by his' command, saying, « This will be no
impediment to your practices: and, when you wish, itis casy for you to give
up the office. But for the sake of our communications (ἀποκρίσεις) take il upon
you». And so under constraint he accepted an earthly employment, while
the whole of his own miud and energy was constantly occupied in heavenly
employments and bound up in them. — When after some years during which
he had served the blessed man the blessed man departed from the world,
then the excellent blessed. man remained in the cell iu which he dwelt in the
city, accomplisliing the labour of his practices on a great scale, having also
added to his spiritual labours the extra labour of hospitality and the relief
of tlie poor, living and delighting also in voluntary poverty, and rejoicing
in it, so that, if it happened also that there was a superfluity of anything

1. Sc. Z'ura's.
