‎LIVES OF FIVE PATRIARCIIS. 680‏ ]487[
ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎Gas ook lo “ΡῈ‏ ܦܘܠܝܛܝܐ ܕܝܠܝܢ ܕܪ̈ܗܘܡܝܐ.. ܘܐܙܠ ܠܘܬ
ܡܪܝܐ܂ ‎Μᾶς‏ ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܙܒܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܕܫܢ̈ܝܐ ܕܡܘܬܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܣܐܘܪܐ܂. ܩܡ
‎οὐδ‏ ܒܐܪܬܕܘܟܣܝܐ܂ ܛܘܒܢܐ ‎Ode) ο‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎Joo‏ ܬܠܝܐܿ. ܓܒܪܐ
ܡܗܝܪܐ܂ ܘܣܦܝܪܐ. ܘܒܝܬ ܒܢ̈ܝ ܐܢܫܐ ܡܿܫܡܗܐ ܘܐܝܕܝܥܐ܂ ܘܡܿܡܚܩܪܐ. ܘܕܒܝܬ ܐܠܗܐ
‎be Lass‏ ܘܢܙܝܪܐ܂ ‎eL ioi‏ ܫܠܝܼܝܐ ܘܩܪܝܢܐ ܕܟܬ̈ܒܐ܂ ‎Lasaso‏ ܕܐܒܪܘ̈ܬܐ܆.
ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܢܗܘܐ ܡܗܝܪ ܒܡܠܬܗܼ ܘܣܟܘܠܬܢ܀
ܗܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܟܕ ܠܟܝܪܘܛܘܢܝܐ ܐܫܬܗܝ ܕܦܛܪܝܪܟܘܬܐ: ܟܕ ܐܝܬܘܗܘܫܚ ܒܡܕܝܢܬ
ܡܠܟܘܬܐ: ܘܩܡ ܒܪܝܫ ‎Jes‏ ܟܕ ‎ah‏ ܘܡܶܒܫܚܐܐ ܘܡܿܒܢܐ ܘܡܡܩܚܕܡ ‎“αἱ Nan‏
‎Jis‏ ܥܕܡܐ ‎Lis‏ ܬܠܬ: ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܕܩܒܠ ܝܡܝܢܝܐ ‎Jlaze5 Los;‏
ܕܐܢܛܝܘܟܝܐ.. ‎je‏ ܪܗܛܗ. ܘܐܬ ܕܒܪ ܠܘܬ ܡܪܢ ܡܢ ܚܝ̈ܐ ‎à xh‏ ܒܡܕܝܢܬ
ܡܠܟܘܬܐ. ܒܬ ܪ ‎Lis : κ‏ ܬܠܬ ܕܥܘܢܕܢܗ ܕܗܢܐ܂. ܐܫܬܗܝ ܠܪܕ̈ܝܫܘܬ ܟܗܢܘܬܐ
ܕܝܠܗ ܕܟܘܪܣܝܐ: ‎οὐδὲ‏ ܕܝܢ ܠܒܪ ܒܪܕܘܦܝܐ ܐܢܫ ܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ ܕܫܡܗܼ ܦܘܠܘܣ.

‎persecution and exile (ἐξορία) from place to place, having also gained distinc-
tion and renown all over the commonwealth (πολιτεία) of us Romans, and he
went in heroic fashion to the Lord. A period of some years therefore
after the death of the blessed Severus the blessed Sergius succeeded him in
orthodoxy (ὀρθοδοξίχ) ', who was by his birth (γένος) a man of Thella ?, a learned
and well-read man, and among men renowned and well-known and honoured,
and as regards God devout and given to fasting and a Nazirite, and a keeper
of vigils, and a lover of quieiude, and of reading the Scriptures and the
exposition of the fathers, so that he was skilful in his speech, and a man of
understanding. ?

‎This man therefore, having attained ordination (χειροτονία) to tlie patriar-
chate while in the royal eity, aud presided over the church, teaching and
comfortiug and edifying and establishing everyone in the truth for three
years after he had received the right hand of the high-priestliood of Antioch,
ended his course, and was carried from the life here to our Lord in the same
royal city. Alter three years from this man's decease a certain Alexandrine
whose name was Paul attained the high-priesthood ol the same see, ihat is

‎1. 1. e., in the Monophysite sueeession, as opposed to the Clialeedonian palriarchs. — 2. Cons-

‎Lanlina. — 3. See p. 489,

‎* 110 1? a.
