loz \* ‏ܐܐ‎

(4 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [^^2]

ܠܓܘܗ. ܟܕ ܕܢ ܚܢܝܢ ‎che‏ ܗܘܝܢ ܠܗ ‎pw‏ ܒܟܘ݀ܪܗܢܐ ‎Liso‏ ܘܡܬ ܩܕܕ
ܡܪܝܪܐܝܬܐ ܒܫ̈ܢܘܗܝ ܘܠ ܗ.. ‎3l‏ ܗܘܝܢ ܠܗ ܕܢܘܕܥ ܟܐܒܗ ܕܡܢܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ.
‎ooo‏ ܥܕܡܐ ‎Aa,‏ ܡܚܘܬܗ ܩܫܝܐܝܬ ‎E‏ ܗܘܐ.. ܟܕ ܐܡܝܢ ܒܨܠܘܬܐ܂
‎JLsso‏ ܦܘܡܗ ܬܘܕܝܬܐ ܘܬܫܒܘܚܬܐ ‎ins Jus‏ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ܡܢ ܡܦܪܩܢܐ ` ‎Le.‏
‎pl +5 of ous‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܐܐܛܦܝܚܣ ܕܢܓܝܼܠܐ ܘܢܘܕܥ ܟܐܒܝܗ. ܟܕ ‎Nas‏
‎οἱ‏ ܘܓܡܝܪ ܟܠܗ ܡܚܣܢܗ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎Kawiskus‏ ܐ ܣܘܬܐ ܕܐܒܘܒܬܐ ‎[οί‏
‏ܢܥܒܕܘܢ ܘܢܤܕܝܡܘܢ ܠܗ ܐܝܟ ܕܠܡܦܩܢܐ ܕܡ̈ܡܘܗܝ܂. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܥܕ ܒܐ ܘܥܩܕ̈ܐ ܩܪܒܘ
ܠܗ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎αν oo‏ ܐܬܐܣܝ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎Lans‏ ܬܡܢܥܣܪܐ ܒܬܪ ܒܘܚܪܢܐ ‎μα)‏
‎Le foi‏ ܟܕ ܡܘܕܐ ܠܐܠܗܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܐ ܐܒܘܒܬܐ ‎ο ο‏ ܠܚܫܚܬܐ ܕܡܦܩܢܐ
ܕܡ̈ܥܘܗܝ ܤܫܡܕܐ ܗܘܬ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܟܕ ܕܘܟܬܐ ܗܕܐ ‎fn‏ ܒܝܕ ܥܘܕܪܢܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܐܝܟ ܚܕܐ
‎«axle‏ ܥܡ ‎pol Lh‏ ܐܬܘܝ ܠܡܦܩܢܐ ܬܡܝܗܐ ܕܬܩܢܘܬܐ܂. ‎pars‏
‏ܐܝܪܚ ‎"νο «δὶ‏ ܒܥܣܪܝܢ܂ ‎kilo‏ ܒܪܘܿ. ‎Nas,‏ ܬܡܢܡܐܐ̇ ܘܫܒܥܝܢ ܘܬܪ̈ܬܝܢ.,
ܘܐܬܬܣܚܼܡ ‎fiaso kiss‏ ܗܢܐ ܕܡܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܡܪܐ ܗܼܘܐ. ܘܗܥܝܢ ܐܫܼܡܢܢ.. ܐܝܟ 7

1. Gorr. from last wo - 2, Ms. Ix; corr, Land, — ἅν An erasure follows.

pass inside him. And we, sceing him distressed hy a sore disease and
grievously lacerated in secret, would ask of him to tell us what his trouble
was: and he, until his aflliction became intense, stoutly endured, being
constant in prayer and filling his mouth. with thanksgiving and the praise of
God. But at last when the passing of water from him was stopped he was
forced, and so he consented to reveal and make known his trouble, when the
whole of his loin was found to have heen eaten away and consumed, xo thai
the physicians contrivod to make a tube of lead and place it to pass his
water, while they also applied plasters and drugs to him. And so the ulcer
was healed; and after the testing of this trial he lived vet eighteen vears,
giving thanks to God ; and the leaden tube was also in position for the purpose
of passing his water. And so, after we had together through God's help in
association with some of our other brethren set np this monastic place, he
attained to an admirable and righteous ending, on ἃ day in the month of the
It Theshrin, on the twenty-second of it, in the year eight! hundred and
seventy-two; and he was laid in the sepulchre that was built by tlie blessed
Mare. And these things we have recorded in few words for a remembrance

1. Ms. ‘nine’, The date is 22 Oct.. 560.
