[461] LIFE OF TRIBUNUS 663

ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎gc‏ ܒܬ ܪ ‎ose‏ ܕܓܢܒܪ ‎JL‏ ܪܘܚܢܝܐ ‎Sade‏ ܟܕ ܬܠܡܝܕܗ ܓܘܒܝܪܐ
‎τα»‏ ܒܚܝܪܬܐ ܐܫܝܼܬܬܐܘܝ ܕܢܝܦܪܢܣ ܡܢ ܒܬܪܗ. ܘܐܦ ܠܐܣܛܘܢܐ ܢܣܝܼܩ ‎Jon‏ ܘܢܫܡܿܠܐ
‎Hes cas‏ ܕܕܘܒܪ̈ܵܘܗܝ. ܘܟܕ ܙܒܬܐ ‎Ld,‏ ܥܠ ܥܡܘܕܐ ܒܝܬ ܐܪܥܐ ܠܫܡܝܐ:
ܫܡܡܝܢܝܬܐ ܘܡܥܠܝܬܐ ܛܘܒܢܐ ° ‎Jia μοι‏ ܟܕ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܒܦܓܪܐ ‎Me Las]‏
ܗܘܐ ,: ܒܚܝܣܡܗ ܕܒܥܠܕܒܒܐ ܕܟܐܢܘܬܐ܂. ܪܕܘܦܝܐ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܡܝܢ ‎MURS‏ ܠܣܘ ܗܕܘܣ
ܟܥܩܝܕܘܢܝܬܐ ܐܬܬܥܝܪ ܗܘܐ . ܥܕܡܐ ܠܐܝܟܐ ܕܢܚܬܘܢܝܗܝ ‎μδαδὸ‏ ܡܝܢ ‎sena]‏
‏ܘܢܬ ܛܪ ܥܡ ‎οὗλα."‏ ܥܘܡܪܗ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܝܢ ܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ ܣܒܠ ‎..Joo‏ ܠܐ .$2
‎Asa;‏ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܠܡܟܣܢܘܬܐ ܕܥܠ ‎as]‏ ܗܠܚܝܢ ܢܪܗܛ ܗܘܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܒܩܠܝܠ

ܡܝܢ ‎ΝΘ ὡς το.‏ ܕܥܠ ܐ ܐܦܝ ‎Noa‏ ܢ ܙ̈ܢܝܡܝܢ ܠܢ . ܫܩܠܗ ܕܝܢ ܥܡܗ
ܠܝܢܟܦܐ ܛܪܝܒܘܢܐ ܟܕ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܒܐܣܟܡܐ ܕܥ ܠ ܡܚܘܬܐ.. ܐܝܟ ܡܦܦܝܩܢܐ ‎μα,‏
‎μα.‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎«Mes‏ ܥܡܗ. ܘܠܝܼܡܪ ܥܡ ܬܠܡ̈ܝܕܐ ܕܝܠܗ ܘܥܡܗ. ܟܕ ܡܡܪܐ
ܒܕܘܒܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ‎Se‏ ܪ̈ܘܚܢܝܬܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܝܨܝܦ ܗܘܐ ‎Nan‏ ܕܐܦ' ܠܐܣܟܡܐ
ܢܟܦܐ ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ ܢܫܬܘܐ ܗܘܐ. ܘܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ ܠܐ ܫܒܩܘܗܝ. ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪܝܢ ‎La‏ ܗܝ ܘܠܟ

1. Appy. in erasure.

mighty iu spiritual strength, when his perfect disciple Z*ura at last earned
the privilege of succeeding him in the administration, and also of ascending
the pillar and accomplishing the course of his practices on it, and, when
this blessed Z‘ura had for a period of some years while in an carthly body
been engaged in heavenly and sublime employments on a column between
earth and heaven, by the envy of the enemy of righteousness a persecution
was slirred up against him by those who lionoured the synod of Chalcedon,
and tliat so violent that they brought the blessed man down from liis pillar,
and he was expelled with all his convent; and lie, when these things were
inflicted upon him, without delay hastened to the royal city to utter a reproof
on account of these things, as have! been recorded by us at short length
in the histories relating to these things; and he took the devout Tribuuus
with him in lay attire (σγῆμα) as an interpreter of the Greek tongue. And
so he went up with him, and lived with his disciples and with him, iuntating
their practices and oceupied in spiritual employment; insomuch that he was
consequenily desirous of being admitted to the devout monastie habit
(σχῆμα) also, and the blessed men would not allow him, saying « It is

1. Sic syr.

* 108 τὸ ἃ.
