“rh

* 11? v? à.

(4 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [492]

ܕܒܬܪܗ ‎c5 Jsamdo Lisa‏ ܗܘܘ. ‎SS Nau‏ ܒܬܝܝܢ ‎AJ‏ 1 ܘܟܕ'
ܡܬܡܪܡܪܝܢ ܘܡܿܢܟܬܝܢ | ‎COS‏ + ܗ̇ܦܟܝܢ ܗܘܘܼ ܒܬܚܡܕܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ. ܟܕ ‎crie‏
‏ܘܕܠܝܚܝܢ݀ ܘܡܚܪܩܝܢ ‎oon Sud‏ ܥܠ ‎AD‏ ܒܡܪܗ. ܘܟܕ ܝ ܘܡܝܢܐ ‎Jos‏
‏ܦܢܚܝܼܬܐ ܛܒܕܗ ܘܪܚ ‎Jon‏ + ܘܠܡܚܪ ܒܐܚܪܬܐ. ܟܕ ‎οἱ ‘hs où‏ ܣܐܡܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܢܚܫܐ..
ܐܟܠܐ ‎οὖν»‏ ܕܪܐ ܕܐ ܗܘܐ ܥܡܗ ܠܓܡܪ ‎ulna‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܡܼܛܥܢ ‎οἱ oce»‏ ܒܐܘܪܚܐ
ܛܥܘܡܐ ܡܕܡ 6 ܟܕ ܛܒ ܡܧܣܿܝܘܢܐ ܡܬ ܝܚܐ ‎Hors‏ ܚܝܨܐ ܪܐ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ‎ΩΝ,‏ ܥܠ
ܡܿܝܠܐ ‎μα. 5ου‏ ܡܗܠܟܝܢ ܗܘܘܼ ܝܘܡܬܐ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ. ܟܕ ܨܘܡܐ ܘܙܬܝܪܘܬܐ ‎Νε‏ ܠܐ
ܡܬܛܦܝܣ ‎fins] joo‏ ܕܐܦ ܠܐ ܢܫܟܚܘܢ ܐܢܫܐ ‎ox» ἡ κοῦ JAa‏
ܘܥܡܫܡܢܘܬܗ ‎pk‏ ܡܢ ܩܠܝܠ ܙܒܢܐ. ܟܕ ܥܡ ܣܝܒܘܬܗ ܥܡܪܗܛ ܘܢܙܝܪܘܬܗ
ܠܡܼܛܥܢ ܘܠܡܒܣܝܒܪܘܼ ܠܐ ܡܫܟܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܠܐ ܠܚܫܚܬܐ ‎so)‏
‏ܡܬܛܦܝܣ ܗܘܐ ܕܢܬܩܪܒ ‎«opus οἱ cA‏ ܐܠܐ ܒ ‎v‏ ܗܝ ܡܝܪܕܝܬܗ

ܡܫܡܠܐ ܗܘܐ. ‎CEN . o‏ ܕܡܢ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܐܠܗܝܬܐ ‎..Joo RAS‏ ܘܐܦ ܦܓܪܐ
‎μιμοῦ Fa‏ ܗܘܐ . ܘܗܦܐܐ ‎Lo‏ ܕܐܘܪܚܐ ‎flans;‏ ܡܬܡܡܐܐ ܗܘܐ ‎JLaswolo.,‏

1. Ms. #9. - 2. Ms. bo: corr. from the interpolated life (see 1nlrod., p. xiv). V. D. and Lh. render
*auruni', but do. nol give os as an emendation. — 3. Ms, ass Nas.

another distriet, while those who were running after him to the right and to
the left were found beating the air (2i), and’, exasperated and biting their
fingers, they would turn back with great shamo, filled with bitterness aud
confusion and gnaslhing their molars against the inan inighty in his Lord,
and that while news of him was flyiug about to-day in one quarter and to-
morrow in another; while for his part he resolutely refused to allow even a
travelling-companion to carry any gold? or silver or bronze with him, or auy
food upon the journey, though he would travel extended stages (uzvstov) at a
vigorous pace, since ou many days they would traverse more thau tlie miles of
the stage (µανσίων , while he would not consent to the fast and abstineuce
being broken; insomuch that on many days men could not travel with him
and minister to him more than a. short time, since they could not hasten ou
with his old age and support and endure his abstinence ; while he also would
not consent to avail himself of the use of an animal for riding or for driving,
but he used to accomplish his travelling on foot, since besides being
strengthened by divine grace he further also possessed a sonud body by
nature. And thus he would accomplish the course along the road of

1. Ms. 0m. — 2. So I emend from Ihe inlerpolated life (see Iutrod., p. XIV, n. 7,.
