‎JOHN OF EPHESUS, 478]‏ ܠ

‎σοι |...‏ ܒ ܐܡܝܢܘܬ]. ܟܕ ‎Jul‏ ܒܟܢܘܫܚ ܗܘܢ ܘܒܕܘܒܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ..̇ 500 ‎Jes‏
‏ܒܫܩܝܪܘܬ ܣܫܒܘܬܗܘܢ. ܘܡܬܟܪܟܐ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ ‎PRES‏ ܠܗܘܢ܂. ܘܡܬܒܪܟܐ ܡܢ ܟܠܐ
ܢܚܕ ܚܝܕ ܡܢܗܘܢܼ ܐܡܝܢܐܝܬ. ܟܕ ܢܦܩܬܐ ܕܥܠܝܗܘܢ ܠܒܕܐ ܗܘܬ ܫܦܝܥܐܝܬ܂ ‎Vas‏
‏ܡܕܡ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎οοι‏ ܡܠܟܐ ‎où‏ ܕܣܕܝܪ ܗܘܐ ܠܘܩܒܠܗܘܢ ܡܝܢ ‎ANS‏ ܣܘܢܗܘܕܘܣ
ܕܟܠ ܩܝܕܘܢܐ.. ‎ol‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܟܢܝܗܘܢ!.. ܘܐܦ ܗܼܘ ܒܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܡܢܗܘܢ ‎ml‏ ܗܘܐ
ܘܡܗܝܡܢ. ܘܐܡܝܢܐܝܬܐ ‎λό‏ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܬ ܒܪܡ ܡܢܗܘܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎Lisais ps‏

‏ܗܢܐ ܪܒܐ ܒܦܬܝܟܘܬ ° ‎ου ο‏ ܚܚ̈ܝܗ̇ ‎ο‏ ܡܠܟܬܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ̇

‏ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ‎Las las‏ ܥܠ ܘܗܝ ‎Allo νὰ‏ ܐܦ ܟܠܗ ܙܒܢܐ ܕܚܫ̈ܘܗܝ
ܕܝܘܣܛܛܝܢܝܢܐ ‎caso AO) δν’ [NS‏ ܐܢܘܢ. ܘܬܪܣܝ ܐܢܘܢ ‎où‏ - ܐܦ
ܥܕ ܗܟܐ ܕܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ‎Aus‏ ܬܡܢܡܐܐ ‎asso qax aso‏ 9464 ܕܝܢ ܫܪܟܢܐ ܕܡܢܗ ܕܥܕ

‏ܗܦܐ ܐܫܬܚܪ.. ‎οοι‏ ܕܝܝܢ ܟܕ ‎ook, | "oo‏ ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎Henr‏ ܕܝܠܢ ܡܢ ‎uias‏
‏ܟܘܢܢܗ ܕܟܢܘܢܫܝܐ ܗܢܐ ܐܦ ܩܕܡ ܕܒܬܟܢܫ ܡܫܡܠܝܐܝܬ܆. ‎lo‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܙܒܢܐ ܗܢܐ

‎à» ‏ܗܝܕܝܢ ܐܦ ܥ ܡܗ‎ Le Lj ‏ܪܘܫܡܐ ܕܥܘܗܕܢܗ ܒܪܗ ܪܿܫܥܡܼܢܝܢ:. ܟܕ‎ ot»

‎1. Corr. in laler hand to ‏,ܒܦܢܥܘܫܝܗܘܢ‎ — 2, Ms. ‏ܗܘ‎ — 3, Ms. #2. This sentence is cither very corrupt
or very careles]s eouiposed, and the emendations are doubtful.

‎tlieir community and their practices, and admiring their honoured old age,
and going round among them and making obeisanee io them, and being
regularly blessed by each one of them, while she provided the expenses
required for them liberally in every thing; while the king also, who was
ranged against them on account of the synod of Chalcedon, marvelled at their
congregation, and himself also was attached to many of them and trusted
them, and was constantly reccived and blessed by them. And thus this
great community became illustrious by a variely of practices all the days ol the
blessed queen's life, while even after her death! she laid an injunetion upon
the king about it, and it was preserved, and all the lifetime of Justinian the
king he looked after them and honoured them, and supported the remnant of
them, even to the present time which is the year eiglit hundred and seventy-
seven?, that is the remnant that was left of it to the present time (but it is
ihe same): while our meanness also from tlie beginning of the collection of
this community and before it was completely collected, and even down to
this time at which we have in it set down the record that tells of it (since for
a considerable time we were with it also in the same royal city at that time)

‎. 28 June, 555. — 2, 565,6.
