Dish rta. Mo

λυ νὴ p, 1

63^ JOHN. OF EPIESUS. [^32]

ܘܡܫܡܠܐ ‎Jos‏ ܕܕܘܒܪ̈ܘܗܝ.. ܟܕ ܡܢ ‎το Laos,‏ ܣܘܢܩܢܗ ܡܡܠܐ ‎οι Jon‏
ܕܝܢ ܡܠܟܬܐ ܡܛܘܠ ܕܡܗܝܡܢܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܪܘܿ ܗܘܬ ܘܝܕܥܐ° ܕܐܥܝܩܬܗ ‎JA»‏
‏ܕܩܝܢܛܝܢܪܐ' ‎εν‏ ܥܩܕܒܬܐ ‎«Κ.Δ ooi s‏ ܘܟܕ ܝܠܦܬ ܕܢܦܩ ܠܗ ܡܢ ‎SINUS‏

ܘܕܒܥ̣ܒܪܐ ᾿ ‎Jes‏ ܡܕܝܢ.ْ ‎Lies‏ ܡܢ ܝܕܝ̈ܥܐ ܕܩܒܘܩܥ ܝܝܘ 4 ܠܦܝܣܗ ‎Q.33)5‏

‎o‏ . ܐܘܕܢܢܘܝܗܿ ܕܢܣܒܐ ܡܢܗܿ ܚܫܚܬܐ ܕܣܘܢܩܢܗ. ‎où‏ ܡܕܡ ܕܨܐܒܐ”. ܘܟܕ

‎Ai Co‏ ܥܡܠܘ ܘܠܡܚܝܣܢ ܩܡܘܢ ܥܠܘܗܝ: ܡܛܠ ܕܡܢ ܕܘܟܬܐ ܠܕܘܟܬܐ ܫܢܐ
ܗܘܐ ܂. ܩܪܒܘ ܠܗ ܦܝܣܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܐܝܟ ܡܐ ܕܐܬܦܩܕܘܢ. ܘܟܕ ܐܠܦܝܚܣܗܘܢ ‎Pa‏
‎ὅδ. a eei)‏ ܒܐܝ̈ܕܝܗܘܢ.. ܕܠܐ ܬܣܒܪܝܢ ܕܩܢܚܐ ‎l'A‏ ܡܕܡ ܕܣܢܚܩܚܢ
° ܥܠܘܗܝ ‎LORS‏ ܕܐܠܗܐ:. ܐܠܐ ‎NI‏ ܕܚܥܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܐܢ ܐܝܬ ܒܟܝ. ܘܟܕ ܬܘܒܢ |

‏ܗܦܟܘ ܗܠܝܢ ‎os Ns]?‏ ܘܝܠܦܬ ܕܐܝܟܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝܢ. ܗܦܟܬ ܬܘܒ ܘܥܕܪܬ. ܘܡܟܝܠ
ܟܘܠ ܝܘܡ܂ ‎κακοὶ‏ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ ܠܛܘܒܢܐ. ܘܐܬܥܨ ܕܢܬܐܢܐ ܠܕܘ̈ܟܝܬܐ ܐܚܕ̈ܢܝܬܐ.
ܘܬܘܒ ܝܠܦܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܘܡܫܟܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎.of&‏ ܘܡܟܝܠ܂ ܥܡܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܠܘܬܗ ‎dot‏

‎(sas 10‏ ܨܠܘܐܗܐܐ. ܒܚܙܬܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܣܢܝܘܬ ܠܒܘܢܗܼ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܡܬܕܡܪܝܢ

‎I. Α 92 (see p. 433, L 6). — 2. B ‏ܣܘܢܩܢܗ‎ [σοι Has. — 3, 1 Seo. — 4. B ‏ܐܕܩܝܢܛܪܐ‎ — 5. D ins, ‏ܟܠܗ‎
‎— 6, B ‏ܠܘܬܗ‎ (o written under Ὁ) ‏ܕܢܣܒ ([ ,7 — ,ܕܩܘܒܘܦܠܪܝܗ‎ eios, Solo. —8. D 151] ‏ܕܗܘ‎ — 9. 1

‎B pl.‏ .13 — . ܘܪܐܗܛܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܣܓܝ̈ܝܐܐ ܠܘܬܗ ‎B on. — 12. B‏ .11 — .ܐܢܬ ‎pags. — 10, A‏ ܠܦܝܣܗܘܢ

‎there are also graves; and there he resided and performed the labour of
his practices, satisfving his needs with wild herbs. But the queen, because
she was a believer and knew that she had distressed him in the matter of
the hundredweight of gold (κεντηνάριον), made careful search lor him; and
on learning that he had left the city and was dwelling on the other side
among the mountains sent some of lier most distinguished chamberlains to
entreat him to forgive her, and as a favour to herself to receive from her
something that his needs required, whatever he wished. And, having
taken much trouble and with difficulty discovered him, because he used to
move from place to place, thev delivered an earnest request to him as they
had been ordered, and, absolutely refusing to. grant their request, he sent
her a message through them, « Think not that you possess anvthing which
God's bondmen nced, except religion il it exists in vou ». And, when those
who were sent came back again and she learned where he was, she sent
vet again: and thenceforth they used to pester the blessed man every day;
and he was compolled to remove to other places; and again they would find
it out and discover him. — And thenceforth many persons used to repair to
him to receive his prayer; and they were specially astonished at seeing 8
