[407] LIFE OF ISAAC. 669

‎ven.‏ ܙܗܙ ‎Je‏ ܡܨܝܐ. ܛܘܒܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܢܐ ܐܝܣܚܩ. ܒܓܢܣܗܼ ܡܢ ° ܕܪܐ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܐܲܢܬܬܐܼ ‎Laàse‏ ܘܒܫܝܬܐܼ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠ ܗ. ܘܦܠܝܚܘܬܐ ܕܦܪܛܩܛܝܘܪܐ. ܟܕ
ܐܡܝܢ ܗܘܐ ܒܨܘܡܐ ܘܒܕܠܘܬܐ܂ ܘܒܫܗܪܐ ܐܡܝܢܐ. ܘܒ̈ܙܕܩܬܐ ܕܒܟܠ ܙܒܢ. ܐܝܟܢܐ
‎quo;‏ ܪܬܚܐ ܕܛܢܢܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ܂. ܢܫܒܘܩ ܒܝܬܐ ܘܐܢܬܬܐ ܘܒܢ̈ܝܐ ܐܝܟ ܡܐ ܕܟܬܝܒ:
ܡܛܠ ܣܒܪܐ ܕܡܘܠܟܢܐ ‎ος L2‏ ܘܢܬܫܢܐ ‎SAUo‏ ܠܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎Jaw so‏
ܘܟܕ ܠܕܝܩܘܢܝܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ ‎Jours Lames‏ ܒܠܺܝܠܘܬܐ ܢܡܢܥ: ܘܥܡܗܘܢ ܒܥܡܠܐ
ܘܦܘܠܚܝܢܐ ‎Nas,‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܢܥܡܠ.. ‎uis‏ ܡܬܝܕܥ ܘܡܬ ܝܩܪ ܡܶܢ ܡܢ ‎Je‏
‏ܘܟܕ ܒܐܡܝܢܘܬܐ ܕܕܘܒܪ̈ܐ ܕܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ ‎[kso‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ . ܦܘܠܚܢܐ ܐܚܪܢܐ ܪܘܚܢܝܐ
‎ban sal} Reims‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܠܚܕܐ ܡܢ ܟܣܢܘܕܘܟܣ ܕܡܟܒܥܕܐ ܡܢ
ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎ass‏ ܟܣܝܐܝܬ.. ܘܢܦܢܗ ܐܘܓܪ ‎ts‏ ܐܝܟ ‎cass;‏ ܟܕ̈ܝܗܐ. ‎mo‏
‎πὸ re a.‏ » ܟܠܗܘܢ ܠܒܘ̈ܢܘܗܝ ܘܙܒܝܢ ܘܝܗܼܒܓ ‎Lac «Je Ham‏ ܙܩܬܢܦܐ܂ 1 ‎AMO‏
‏ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܡܫܡܫܢܐܿ ܚܦܝܛܐ ܕܟܪ̈ܝܗܐ܂ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ‎JA‏ ܕܟܪ̈ܝܗܐ

‎have employed themselves in works of excellence cannot be concealed.
This blessed [saac therefore was by his birth (yévoc) from the city of Dara, and
he had also a wife and children and a house, aud the oflice of a protector',
while he was constantly oeenpied in fasting and prayer and constant
vigil, and in perpetual alms, so that out of the fervour of divine zeal he left
house and wife and children as it is written? for the sake of the hope of the
promise of eternal life, and departed, and came to the roval city. — And,
having entered the ministering office? (διακονία) of those who bathe tlie sick
at night, and laboured with them in the labour and service of the house of
God, lie began to be known and hononred by many. And, being constantly
occupied in practices of asceticism and so on, he secretly formed the plan of
engaging in another spiritual employment; and so he secretly went out to oue
of the hospitals (ξενοδόχ χα)" that was a little way from the city and hired
himself out in it as a sick-attendant. And he took off all his clothes and sold
them and gave to the poor; and lie. bought some hempen sackeloth aud
clothed hnnself in it. And thus he was henceforthi ἃ diligent attendant on
the siek, since the affair of the sick opeuly gave him au opportunity and an

‎1. The protectores were a division of the household cavalry :Babut in /tev. Hist., GXIV, p. 225:

‎6X v1, p. 225): but in this case the post was appy. honorary. — 2. Matth., xix, 29. — 3, Or *deaconry',
i. e. a house established by the church for the care of the sick and poor under Ihe superintendence
of the deacons. Cf. p. ^73 and 0 51, 13, 15, and see Ducange, s. v. diaconia, — 4, ξενοδόχη τε

‎&voOnysiov is nol found in Greek writers.
