* 111 s? a.

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [^72]‏ ^67
ܠܐܚܪܬܐ ܡܕܝܙܬܬܐ ܐܢܬܦ ܗܘܐ ‎«ον‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܠܘ ‎Ινωρᾶϑ‏ ܡܕܢܚܝ̈ܬܐ
‎(ads)‏ ܗܕܐ ܣ ܥܪ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܩܫܡ ‎ο ως RENS‏ ܐܠܐ ܐܒ ‎JR‏
‏ܣܓ̈ܝܐܬܐ ‎JI sp Soo‏ ܟܕ ܡܟܝܠ ‎Js ...... RSI‏ ܡܝܼܨܐ ܗܘܐ ܘܠܐ ‎κω9‏
‏ܗܘܐ ‎oo‏ ܒܩܢܘܡܗ ܠܘܟܠ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎«dora‏ ܡܟܝܠ ܠܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ ܡܫܕ ‎Jos‏ : ܘܠܟ̈ܢܝ
ܡܕܝܬܬܐ ‎saw‏ ܗܘܐ ܆. ‎Kg 0 és‏ ܥܠ ܠܒܕܐ ܗܢܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܒܕ ܗܢܐ
:5( ܘܩܕܝܫܐ: ܕܝܬܝܪ ܡܝܢ ܟܘܠ ‎«MAE‏ ܡܬܝ ܠܐܠܗܐ,. ܢܪܒܐ ܘܢܬ ‎οΝ‏
‏ܘܢܢܬܩܫܝܡ ܒܟܠ 505[ ܘܡܕܝܢܬܐ܆. ܒܫܕ ܚܦܝܠܛܘܬܐ ܕܛܢܢܐ ܕܓܒܪܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ
‎ἐμὰ‏ ܘܒܐܢܝ ܘܩܝܝܡܗ̇ ܠܬܫܡܢܬܐ ܗܕܐ ܒܡܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܬܐ.̇ ‎Slo ous dos‏
ܠܡܕܝܢܬ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ 3 ܒܙܒܢܐ ‎po Jay aa] Jie»;‏
‎KO oen Naso‏ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ܡܢ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܬܐ ‎Cei» κο‏ ܥܡܠܐ ‎Fslaso‏ ܢܗܘܘܢ
ܕܬܫܡܫܬܗ:. ܕܬܬܦܬܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܓܠܝܐܝܬ ‎silo‏ ܘܬܬܥܫܢ ܬܫܡܫܬܗ. ܟܕ ‎RS‏
‏ܗܘܐ ‎Es‏ ܘܠܐ ‎οἱ oùas LES [aas‏ ܒܐ ܚܡܡܐ. ‎fans)‏ ܕܠܘ ‎δν‏
‏ܠܡܣ̈ܟܢܐ ܘܣܓܫ̈ܦܐ ܘܟܪ̈ܝܗܐ ܘܡܚܓܪ̈ܐ ܘܣܡܝ̈ܐ ܘܣܒ̈ܐ ܕܒܡܕܝܢܬ ܡܠܦܘܬܐ ——

‎1. Ms. om. — 2. Something seems to have here fallen oul, and, as there is a similar lacuna at p.

‎478, L 13, 1 infer that the serlbe's ms. was torn, — 3. Ms. oo.

‎to another citv; and so accordingly he acted in 1his way and instituted tlie
work of this ministration not in castern cities only", but also in many western
cities too. When accordingly . . . . . .? that he was not able and sulli-
cient himself in person to repair to every city, he used accordingly to send
others, and rouse the citizens, and advise and instigate them to take up this
work, so that this great and holy work, which is more pleasing to God than
all labours, grew and increased, and was instituted. in every place and city,
through the zealous enthusiasm of the man of God. When he had organized
and built up and instituted this ininistration in many cities, he in his zeal
repaired to the royal city also besides, insomuch that in a short time he
succeeded in beginning and gaining distinction and extending it there, and
instigating many of the great and eminent meu to become fellow-labourers
and partners in his ministration, so tliat consequently his ministration was
manifestly extended and inereased and magnified, there being no rest or
intermission all the night and in the day, so that he relieved and fed and
refreshed not oaly the poor and maiined and sick and lame and blind and old

‎1. Ms. om. — 3, Some words have fallen out.
