‎OF ΤΠΕ REFUGEES IN CONSTANTINOPLE. 677‏ ]475[
ܒܙܒܢܐ ܕܪܕܘܦܝܐ ܡܟܙܕܫ ܗܘܐ: ܡܝܢ ‎fasäs‏ ܣܓܺܝܬܐ ܘܠܝܫ̈ܢܐ ܡܶܡܫܚܠܝܦܐ ‎«ο‏
‎v‏ ܚܢܢ ‎Ko:‏ ܡܝܢ ܣܓܝ ܥܠܝܘܗܝ ܙܪܫܘܡ܆.. ܗܢܐ ܕܠܐ ܒܨܝܪܐ ܬܫܥܝܬܗ
ܡܝܢ ‎ook sais‏ ܒܗ ܠܦܝܕ̈ܘܬܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎{δα‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗ݇ܘܐ ‎κω‏ ܕܡܠܝܢ
ܨ( ܟܙ :|( + ܟܠܢܝܥܐ ܕܚ ܡܒܫܡܐܐ܂ ܠܐ ‎99ο .000 «ἘΠ‏ ܪܘܪ̈ܶܒܐ ° ܘܗܕܝܪ̈ܐ. ‎yes bae‏
ܗܘܐ ‎porius‏ ܕܩܝ̈ܕܝܫܐ ‎«αὶ age Jess‏ ܡܢ ܐܣܶܛܘܢܐ ܒܚܩܛ .ܝܪܐ
ܕܪܕܘܦܝܐ ܘܕܢܦܝܩܝܢ ܡܝܢ ܚܝܒ̈ܝܘܢܝܐ:. ܘܕܛܝܪܝܕܝܚܢ ܡܝܢ ܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ܡܟ ܡܠܚ ܗܘܐ.
ܘܒܕ̈ܝܫܝܚ ܥܘܡܕ̈ܐ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ ܘܝ̈ܕܝܥܐ ܕܡܝܢ ܟܘܠ ‎Lage; xi?‏ ܘܕܡܥܪܒܐ܆. ܘܣܘܪܝܐ
‎[aco ἱμμοιαϑο saei lo‏ ܐܝܣܘܪܝܐ ܘܠܘܩܘܢܝܐ܆. ܘܐܣܝܐ ܘܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ
ܘܒܘܙܢܛܚܐ:. ܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܬܝܪ ܡܝܢ ‎Lil‏ ܒܬܛܢܕܢܐ ܕܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ‎e‏ ܗܘܘ
ܒܚ ܗܘܐ ܟܢܫܐ ܕܝܥܗܘܢ. ܟܕ ܡܟܝܠ ܠܘܬܗ ܕܦܠܛܚܝܢ ܗܺܝ ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ ܕܗܘܪܡܙܕܐ..
‎y‏ ܕܠܡܕܒܪܐ ܪܒܐ ܘܬܡܝܗܐ ܕܝܝ̈ܝܝܕܝܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܝܡܥܠ. ܘܠܡܝܬܡܗ
ܒܣܓܚܐܘܬܗܘܢ܂ ܘܠ ܡܒܬܕܡܪܘ ܒܚܝܙܬܗܘܢ ܗܕܝܪܬܐ܆. ܘܒܣܤܫܒܘܬܐ ܝܩܚܪܬܐ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ:.
ܘܠܘ ‎a‏ ܒܙܩܚܦܘܬܐ ‎OMS‏ ܘܒܩ̈ܘܡܝܗܘܢ ܘܒܙܘܡܕ̈ܐ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ ‎sjen2os‏ ܕܡܢ

‎1. Ms, ‏.ܩܦܘܕܝܩܝܐ‎

‎gathered together in the royal city by the believing queen at the time of
the perseeution, out of many pooples aud various local tongues, we wish tó
leave a record at short length; and the history of it is sufficient to cause
discerning men to marvel at it, since it was indeed composed of many blessed
inen who did not fall short of the number of fivc hundred, and with' great
and venerable old men; and the cougregation of persecuted saints was so
widely extended that? it shone with mauy who had under the constraint of
the persecution come down from columns and been ejected from places of
seclusion, and been expelled from districts, and their congregation was
rendered illustrious by great and distinguished heads of convents from all
quarters of the east and of the west, and Syria and Armenia, Cappadocia
and Cilicia, [sauria and Lycaonia, and Asia and Alexandria and Byzantium,
countries which beyond others burned with zeal for the faith, while one
might eonsequentlv go into the palace (παλάτιον) itself called that of Hormis-
das, as into a great and marvellous desert of solitaries, and marvel at their
numbers, and wonder at their venerable appearance, and the same men's
honoured old age, and be affected by the crucifixion of their bodies aud their
practices of standing and the same men's spiritual songs which were heard

‎1. Sic syr. — 2. Or 'because'.
