[485] LIVES OF FIVE PATRIARCIS. 687

ܟܠܗ ‎Jon Jlanamssls‏ ܐܦ ܕܘܛܛܪܝܪܟܘܬܗ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܘܠܡ ܘܐܦ ‎ἐν‏ ܡܦܩܬܗܼ
ܥܕܡܐ ‎[seam‏ ܕܚܫ̈ܘܗܝ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎Das‏ ܠܗ )8.5 ‎vis pum»‏ ܟܕ ‎MP‏
‏ܥܕܡܐ ‎Max) Lis kw) "μοὺς‏ ܠܗ. ° ܥܕܡܐ ܠܙܒܢܐ ܙܡܘܬܗ̇ܿ ܕܡܠܝܟܬܐ..
ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎AM‏ ܘܐܬܝܕܥ܂ ‎solle‏ ܡܢ ܡܿܠܟܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܐܬܝܢ ܥܡܗ. ܘܒܐ ‎[UI‏
‏ܐܚܫܕ ܗܘܐ ‎o‏ ܥܕܡܐ ‎[ies‏ ܕܚܫ̈ܘܗܝ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ. ܟܕ ܥܠ ‎Hs‏ ܕܥܕܬܐ ܡܦܝܚܣ
‎[13a .Joo‏ ܕܝܢ ܣܐܘ :| ܘܡ ܗܥܝܝܢ ܡܛܘܠ ‎JL ὃµ..‏ ܡܢ ‎ESS‏
‎Kio‏ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ‎wo)‏ ܘܒܥܕܬܐ ‎Je eo‏ ܕܡܢ ܟܠܢܫ ‎JA‏ ܟܕ ‎So: -.r5/‏
ܠܡ ܨܒܝܢܐ ܕܟܠ ܐܢܫ ‎ob [οἱ‏ }8 ܟܕ ܡܕܡ ܕܢܗܘܐ ܠܓܡܪ ܡܢ ܗܠܝܢ
‎xm‏ ܠܝܬ ܦܘܪܣܐ. ܘܗܘܢܐ ‎aM‏ ܘܥܨܒܕ ‎ais ο)‏ ܟܕ ܥܡܠ ܘܡܿܠܦ.
ܘܟܕ ‎ass, Jin‏ ܡܥܬܗ ‎Je‏ ܠܐ ܗܽܘܐ܂. ܗܦܕܡ ܐܬܘܬܐ ܬܝܬܡܬܚܝܐ ܕܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ..
ܟܕ ܒܡܕܒܪܐ ܒܫܠܝܐ ܘܒܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ ܘܒܥܢܝܢܐ ܕܟ̈ܬܒܐ ܕܐܒܗܘ̈ܬܐ ܐܡܝܢ ‎.Joot‏ ܘܥܡܠܐܼ
ܕܒܐ ܘܢܙܝܪܘܬܐ ‎ρας. Joa Joss‏ ܘܟܕ ‎CSS‏ ܠܗ ܙܒܢܐ ‎Ls.‏ ܒܪܪܝܦܘܬܗܼ

his patriarchate; and thus he carried out the rule even after his expulsion
also down to the end of his life, when he had alsocompleted a space often years
in hiding, until many thought that he was dead, until the time of the queen's
death ', and so he was discovered aud made known, and he was received by the
king, while he also made peace with him, and held him in great honour,
till the end of the blessed man's life, and he used to make entreatv
with regard to the peace of the church. But the blessed Severus had before
these things been summoned by the kiug to the royal city on account of
the peace of the church; and under great pressure from everyone lie came,
saying, ¢ Since it is evervone's will lo! 1 will go up, but it is impossible
that anything whatever will be done by those who are in power » ; and so
he went up, and passed two years? labouring and teaching. And, when
he saw that his statement that nothing would be done was being accom-
plished, he went back to the southern regions of Alexandria, constantly
occupying his time in the desert in retreat and ascetieism and studying the
writings of the fathers, and perfectly carrying out great labour and an
abstemious life. | And, when he had completed a period of some years in

1. Theodora lived 12 years after A.s deprivation. In the Eecl. Hist. : Land, p. 389) J. says that he
was 7 years in liidiug. — 2. Really 535-Mar., 536 (*Zach. ΕΙ. 1X,15). lt seeins clear that J. had never
seen S., and therefore left CP. before lis arrival (Dyakonov, p. 49): but I cannot follow Dyakonov
im rejecting the statement of *Zach. that S. arrived in ind. 13, and therefore before ! Sept.,
535.

PATR. OR. — T. XVIII. — F. 4,

E.
ot
