‎LtFE OF TRIBUNUS. 667‏ ,465[
ܕܟܬܝܒܫܝܢ. ܘܟܕ ‎MIMaa‏ ܩܠܚܝܕܐ ܘܣܠܕܩܬ ܘܦܝܬ ‎Lans. Nu‏ ܬܪ̈ܝܝܗܘܢ. ܘܟܕ
ܡܬ ܟܪܡ ‎ολο‏ ܟܕ ‎oo‏ ܦܐ ܕܚܛܛܝܬܐ ‎lon Lauso‏ ܙܘ: ‎Lan]‏ ܒܬܘ ‎Lan‏
‎JR‏ ܘܦܩܪܐܝܬܐ ܓܚ ܟܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܩܘܒܠܗ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܠܒܟܬܗܢ. ‎yb Nase‏
ܕܒܬܘ̈ܫܩܬܐ ܕܚܬܛܚܬܐ ܬܐܚܕܝܚܘܗܝ ܘܬܓܕܝܘܗܝ ܠܡܦܘܠܬܐ ‎ὅρον;‏ ܘܟܕ ‎PU‏ ܒܘ

‎*

‎Νου ‏ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܝܢ ܟܝܠ ܘܬܗ‎ cor ons ‏ܘܡܣ ܚܟ ܘܡܿܦܩ ܐܝܵܕܝܙܘ̇‎
‏ܡܘܡܐ‎ 62.130 ο... ‏ܦܚܐ ܢܕܘܕܝܘܗܝ‎ rA ‏ܕܚܦܝܬܛ ܗܘܐ‎ où Jo
isa ‏ܕܦܩܪܐܝܬ ܬܐܝ ܕܝܘܗܝ‎ óc SSI ‏ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ‎ : ooa sso ‏ܒܬܘܦܕ̈ܘܗܝ ܘܢܟܬ‎
Han gas el ‏ܩܕܡܘܗܝ. ܟܕ‎ GR ‏ܬܫܝܼܕܐ‎ Mauss, Jimi ‏ܟܕ ܐܦ‎
Jeu” νὰ» (Lise) ‏ܕܛܬܦܘܬܐ ܘܕܓܘܪܐ ܒܗ ܡܬ ݀ܥܪܙܠܐ ܗܘܬ. ܟܕ‎ |». ῤ-οο
x ‏ܕܘ ܝܘܥ .ܐ.. ܠܐ‎ ΠΝ ΑΔ] οἱ ‏ܠܐ ܕܙܟܬܘܒ ܘܢܬܛܟܒܐܐ ܡܫܘܠܥܬܐ‎ οἱ» LAS
RO ‏ܣܚܝܦܗܿ‎ Lo Jus Cp ‏ܕܝܢ‎ oo 3l Jus [3:207 οι cie
Jas uns SANG pôle Άνω κο à axo JE ‏ܡܬܪܘܿ. ܟܕ‎ allo

‎JANI]‏ ܘܒܫܐܕܐ ‎où‏ ܕܐܠܒܫܟܝ ‎dns‏ ܗܕܐ ܓܘܡܕܢܘܬܐ ‎Lans) . flanusio‏ ܕܐܘܪܚܐ

‎1. Ms, os (sie). The confusion in this sentence is perh. the authors. — 2. Ms. ‏ܢܝܬܐ‎ Lois.
— 3. Curr. from «2. Preceding word in erasure.

‎you ihe rooms that are advertised ». And, when she had taken the key
(κλεῖδα) and gone up and opened them, they both went in. And, as he was
going round to look, while she on her side was displaying a snare of sin
before him, a sinful passion was aroused in her, and she went on madly
laughing in his face, while she also seized him, and began as if by the
kisses of sin to grasp him and entice him to fall with her. And, as he was
rebuking her and flinging and casting her hands off him, she on her side all
the more as if by the machination of the devil, who was desirous of catching
the brave man by a snare, and setting a blemish on his beauties and staining
him, he' yet more entered into her, making her madly grasp the blessed
man, while she also threw herself in front of him to tempt him to lasci-
viousness, intertwiniug herself with him with all the lasciviousness and
violence of impurity and adultery, using? foul words which we do not wish
even te write down and pollute the ears or mind of the hearer and. record.
But the man armed. with the divine power flung and threw her ol and
withdrew himself from her, reproving and rebuking her sternly and saying,
« The Lord rebuke yon, woman, and the fiend who elothed you in so much
shamelessness and wickedness that you should dare to defile the path of

‎1. Se, the devil, Sie syr. ὃν Ms. om. The text is here very eormpt.

‎* 109 1° b,
