ΣΝ

» × b.

οὐ JOHN οἱ EPHESUS. [ABS
‏ܚܕ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܒܙܒܢܗ. ° ܥܡ ܣܟ̈ܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ ܕܩܕܡܝܗܘܢ‎ Ne
‏ܘܕܝܪ̈ܬܐ ܥܣܪ ܕܐܪܒܥ ܗܘܦܪ̈ܟܝܘܣ܆.‎ ao ‏ܒܟ̈ܢܝܢܐ ܕܥܕ̈ܬܐ ܬܫܥܝܢ‎ οἷο ‏ܡܬܚܦܛ ܗܘܐ‎
‏ܒܚܝܕܘܬܐ ܘܚܦܝܛܘܬܐ‎ Sas ‏ܒܝܕ ܚܝܠܐ ܫܡܝܢܐ. ܐܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܘܠܡܠܝܢ‎ οι
‏ܕܠܘܬ ܪܘܫܡܐ ܕܥܘ̈ܗܕܢܐ ܕܛܘܒܬܢܘܬܐ ܐܝܟ‎ IRD ‏ܣܓܚܐܬܐ. ܗܕܐ ܕܐܦ .539 ܠܢ‎
‏ܗܥܝܢ ܟܢܝܪ̈ܐ ܢܝܬܐ:. ܡܛܠ‎ LiSs ‏ܠܟܠܗܘܢ‎ "ik 29) ‏ܕܠܕܘܟܪܢܐ ܛܒܐ‎
‏ܡܢ ܟܐܢܘܬܐ:. ܕܚܝܼܙܝܢ ܘܝܕܥܢ ܥܡ̈ܠܐ ܘܛܘܪ̈ܦܐ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ. ܘܛܠܝܼܡܢ‎ av ‏ܕܠܐ‎ uà
‏ܚܬܢ ܕܘܟܪ̈ܢܝܗܘܢ. ܘܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ܂ ܟܕ ܡܬܬܡܗܝܢ ܚܢܢ ܘܡܬܕܡܪܝܢܢ ܒܦܘܪܢܣܐ‎
‏ܚܕ‎ Jes) ‏ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܒܙܒܢܐ‎ παν ‏ܘܠܐ ܡܬ‎ ΗΒ ‏ܕܪ̈ܚܡܘܗܝ ܕܐܠܗܐ .. ܘܕܝ̈ܢܘܗܝ‎
‏ܗܠܝܢ ܡܪ̈ܘܕܐ ܘܠܟܦܘܢܢܐ ܕܦܓܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܕܠܘܬ‎ Ets ‏ܒܬ ܪ ܚܕ ܠܟܘܠܗܘܢ.. ܠܫܘܠܡܐ‎
ce ‏ܕܠܥܥܡ ܠܟܠܗܘܢ ܕܒܝܼܪ ܡܢ ܛܘܪܦܗ ܕܦܓܪܐ܆̇. ܟܢ‎ eil aso sos] hi
‏ܘܒܢܣܝ̈ܘܢܐ ܦܓܪ̈ܢܝܐ ܡܿܥܪܙܠܝܢܢ‎ Qu ‏ܡܿܦܟܪܝܢ‎ Coke Jis ‏ܥܕܟܝܠ‎

‎Lo‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܐ }1905 }". ܘܕܙܘܒܝܼܠܐ ܘܛܘܪܦܐܼ ܕܪܘܚܐ܀

‎rx ‏ܬܫܕܝܬܐ ܕܐܒܪܗܡ ܘܩܘܪܝܩܐ ܘܒܪܢܢܕ‎ dc
‏ܘܣܪܓܝܣ ܡܫܡܫܢܐ܀‎

‎1. Ms. S9. — 2, An erasure follows.

‎one of them in his time together with the holy old men who were before
then: worked earnestly, and all of them also toiled and laboured with us with
joy and great earnesiness in building ninety-two churches and ten monas-
teries in four provinces (ὑπαργίας)'. which wore erected by the help of the
heavenly power; a thing which justice also requires us to bring into the
record of memorials of blessed character for the sake of a future good remem-
brance for all these strenuous workers, in order that we may not be reproached
by righteousness for haviug seen and known their labours and troubles
and done injustice to their memories, especially since we marvel and wonder
αἱ the dispensation of God's mercy, and his just and inscratable judgments, how
iu a short time he led them all one after another to the eud of this tumultuous
life and to the gathering together of their bodies, which he caused to lie
bv one another, and all of them to his eternal rest froin the vexation of the
body, while we on our part are still bound in the ropes of our sins and
involved in bodily temptations in this life of turmoil, and of vauity and vexa-
tion of spirit?.
The history of Abraham and Cyriac and Barhadbshabba and. Sergius
the deacons is ended.

‎1. See p. 416, n. 3. — 2. Ecel., 1, 14; 11, 11, 17, 26; Iv, ἂν 16.
