tdi (79 1

‎JOHN OF. EPTESUS. [48^]‏ ܠ

‏ܠܬܒܣܡ ܒܒܝܫܘܬ ܪ̈ܘܫܥܐ ܟܠܩܝ̈ܕܘܢܝܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܠܡܿܠܟܐ ܒܣܓܝ̈ܐܬܐ ܥܠ ‎Lua‏
‎Lis";‏ ܡܠܠ ܘܐܦܝܣ,. ܘܥܠ ‎sou]. [Rio‏ ܘܟܕ ܠܐ ‎Nos uit)‏ ܡܥܦܪܗ
ܘܣܡ ܥܠ ܡܠܕܒܚܝܐ ܩܕܡܘܗܝ ‎NS:‏ ܘܢܦܝܼܩ. ܟܕ " ‎JE‏ ܟܬܒ ܠܩܐ ܬ̈̈ܝܗܘܢ
‎S hal duke‏ ܠܘܬܗ ‎ου 3 La. μα μὲς‏ ܗܘܘ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܥܡ ‎Je‏
‏ܐܬܚܝܕܘ ܗܘܘ. ܘܚܕܘܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ ‎o3»‏ ܓܒܐ ܕܡܗܿܝܡܢܐ ܗܘܬ. ܟܕ ܓܝܪ ܡܠܟܬܐ
‎ls‏ ܪܘܓܙܗ ° ܕܡܿܠܟܐ ܕܥܠ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܢܬܝܡܘܣ ܥܠ ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܣܕܥܪ.. ܘܓܙܡܗ
ܣܓܝܐܐ ,. ܫܩܕܼܠܬܗܼ ܘܛܫܝܬܗ ‎ο‏ ܒܦܠܛܚܢ ܕܝܠܗܿ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܐ ‎eoe‏
‏ܒܛܥ̈ܝܢܫܐ ܕܡܙܐ ܙܘܘܝܪܗܝ܂. ܐܠܐ ܐܢ ܒܬ ܝܘܕ ‎2o‏ ܘܬܙ̈ܝܢ ܩܒܘܩܠܕ̈ܐ ܒܥ̈ܝ ;ܐ ܙܗܿ. ܟܕ
ܐܦ ‎[2S9‏ ܘܠܥܪܟܐ ܕܟܠ ܐܢܫ ܬܣܝܼܬܒܟ. ܕܐܦܩܬܗܼ ܘܫܕܬܗ ܠܒܪ ܡܢ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ
‎ais‏ . ܘܗܟܢܐ ܗܼܘܐ ‎Lio‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܢ ܥܠܕܬܐ ܗܕܐ ‎bi Lis‏ ܐܦ ‎oot Nas‏
‎fran,‏ ܘܕܘܒܕ̈ܘܗܝ ܪ̈ܘܪܒܢܙܐ܂ ‎Jon Jlsanso‏ ܡܛܠ 9« ܕܝܪܝܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ
ܩܕܚܡ܂ ܘܐܦ ܡܢ ܒܬܪܟܢ. ‎be‏ ܠܓܡܪ ܠܐ 2624 ܗܘܐ܂. ܘܐܦ ܠܐ ‎JN Ίνα.‏
ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܥܣܪܝܢ ‎ceo‏ ܫܢ̈ܝܢ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܒܥܙܐܝܪܘܬܐ ܗܕܐ ܪܒܬܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܙܒܢܐ

‎pleasure! among the evil impieties of Chalcedon. And so he spoke much
with the king and made entreaty to him with regard to tlie peace of the
churehes, and with regard to summoning liis brothers, and, when no atten-
lion was paid to him, he took his pall and laid it on the altar before the
king himself and departed, while he also wrote letters to the two patriarclis,
as they also composed synodical letters to him?; and thus they madc union
with one another, and all the party of tlic believers was alfeeted with great
joy. Bat, when the queen saw the king's wrath against the blessed Anthi-
mus on account of what he had done, and his great threatening, she took
him and hid him in a chamber in her palace (παλάτιον), in order that 1
might not know what had befallen him, except only herself and two cliam-
berlains her accomplices, while even the king aud everyone else might
think that she had removed him and banished liim entirely outside the city.
And so for this reason the blessed man was in great peace, while he also
performed his honourable labours and lis great practices; because hc had
in fact been a monk before and he was so afterwards also, who never tasted
bread, and also never drauk wine, and had passed twenty-five years in this
great abstinence. it having been in fact the whole time of the episcopate and of

‎1 Ilebr., x1,,25. — 2. ‘Zach. Πλ, 1x, 21-26.
