[447] LIFE OF ABRAHAM TIIE PRESBYTER. 649

ܙܒܢ ܕܢܫܬ ܘܐ ܠܛܟܣܐ ܘܐܣܟܡܐ ܪܚܝܡܐ ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ܂. ܘܗܟܢ ܐ ܒܝܕ ܣܝܗ̈ܕܘܬܐ
ܘܡܕ̈ܬܝܢܘܬܐ ‎IL Go‏ ܠܐܣܟܡܐ ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ ‎Se Ναὶ‏ ܘܟܕ ܒܕܡ̈ܥܐ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܬܐ ܘܚܦܝܛܛܘܬܐ
ܘܡܟܝܟܘܬܐ ‎Jos JL eo‏ ܕܕܘܒܪܵܘܗܝ ܒܟܠ ܝܘܡ ܡܶܫܡܝܐܠܐ ܗܘܐ. ܘܟܕ ܡܿܠܬܥ
ܠܙܒܢܐ ‎cena" cna‏ ܒܬ ܪ ܬܘܠܡܕܗܢ. ‎yes‏ ܐܝܕܐ ܕܩܫܝܫܘܬܐ܂ ‎SE‏
‎Jootsso).‏ ܕܘܒܕ̈ܘܗܝ ‎oo διαί‏ ܗܘܐ ‎Hp‏ ܘܒܩܛܝܪܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ. 1 ܒܬܪ ‎ς‏ ܙܒܢܐ
‎CESR‏ ܒܪܗ ܦܓܪܢܝܐ ܕܫܡܗ ܗܘܐ ܙܘܛܐ: ܘܒܪ ܐܚܘܗܝ ܕܫܡܗ ܕܢܝܐܝܠ ܡܢ
‎bia‏ ܠܘܬܗ ‎ol‏ ܟܕ ‎νο ο νο ολ (ass.‏ ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ. ܘܟܕ
ܚܙܐܘܗܝ ‎του‏ ܥܡܝܠ ‎a Me Jai Run Jisos‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܪܥܝܢܗܘܢ ‎Slo‏
‎Qoa‏ ܘܫܪܝܘ ܡܦܝܣܝܢ ܕܢܫܬܘܘܢ ‎lo‏ ܗܼܢܘܢ ܠܐܣܟܡܐ ܝܩܫܪܐ ܕܕܝܚܪܝܝܘܬܐ.
ܘܟܕ ܒܣܓ̈ܝܐܬܐ ‎où‏ ܡܟܝܠ 15 ܗܘܐ ‎ο. κο νο‏
ܚܠܦܝܗܘܢ ‎Jos cai‏ ܕܢܬܩܒܠܘܢ. ܘܟܕ ܐܦ ܡܛܘܠ ‎uns‏ ܗܕܐ ܐܣܬܓܪܐ.
ܡܬ݀ܝܠܦܝܢ ‎οσοι‏ ܘܐܦ ‎aso‏ | ܐܣܟܡܐ ܢܟܦܐ ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ. ܟܕ ‎«eL‏ ܬܩܥ ܐܝܬܐ
ܘܡܫܬܡܥܢܐܝܬ. ‎as‏ ܚܦܝܛܛܘܬܐ ‎Ko‏ ܐܠܗܐ. ܘܒܬܪ ܙܒܢܐ ‎Lace‏ ܐܦ

1. Ms. ‏ܗܢܘܢ‎

the order and the beloved habit (σχῆμα) of mouasticism, so also upon many
testimonies and admonitions he was admitted to the monastie halit (σχῆμα).
And, while he was accomplishing the labour of his practices every day with
many tears and much earnestness and humility. and when he liad reached the
period of five years after his training. he was on account of his marvellous
modes of life by constraint and much compulsion admitted to ordination to
the presbyterate. — But after a short time his bodily son also whose name was
Z w | °, and his brother's son whose name was Daniel from Syria came to

him. having learned about his modes of life, and that he had been edmitted .

to the monastic habit (σγῆμα). And, when they saw him thus labouring in
the practices of religion, God opened their own heart also as woll, and they
began to request that they also as well might be admitted to the honoured
mouastic habit(cyZu.x). Aud while he himself from that time continued giving
them much admouition and correction and teaching, he was presenting a
petition on their behalf that they might be received. And, this having also
been done in order to gratify him, they also as well were taught! the devout
monastie habit (σχῆμα), living a whole-hearted and obedient life, with all
earnestness and religion. After a period of some years they also were

1, Sic syr,

x

i01 r? a.
