‎OF THE REFUGEES IN CONSTANTINOPLE, 683‏ ]481[
‎[ss‏ ܗܢܐ ܠܡܶܡܠܟܐ ܘܠܪ̈ܘܪܒܙܐ܂. ܘܠ ܫܪܟܝܐ ܕܟܠܪܘܿ: ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܡܬ ܗܪ ‎Jon‏
‏ܘܠܬܟܒܘܚܬܐܼ ܘܠܬܘܕܝܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܡܥܝܪ ܗܘܐ. ܘܠܗ ܠܟܢܘܢܝܐ ܕܛܘܒܝ̈ܢܐ.. ܚܩܚܪܐ
ܡܚܘܐ ‎σοι‏ ܠܟܠ ‎al‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܒܚܪܬܐ ܢܫܕܪ ܡܿܠܟܐ.. ‎Elo‏ ܠܗ ܠܛܪܩܠܝܢܐ
‎Nas‏ ܢܥܒܕܝܘܗܝ. ܬܕܡܘܪܬܐ :“« ܬܪܝܢܝܬܐ ܕܣܥܪ ܐܠܗܐ ܒܕܘܟܬܗ ‎Lisaiss‏ ܗܢܐ
ܩܕܝܫܐ.. ‎λοοι‏ ܗܟܢܐ܀
ܡܢ ܒܬ ܪ ܡܘܐܗ̇ ܕܡܕܗܝܡܢܬܐ ܬ ܐܘܕܘܪܐ ܡܿܥܠܟܬܐ: ܟܕ ܐܦ ܡܢ ܣܓܚܐܘܬܐ ܗܝ
ܩܕܡܝܬܐ ܐܬܒܟ ܪ ‎Last‏ ܗܢܐ . ܐܬܬܥܝܪܘܐ ܗܠܝܝܢ ܕܠܝܩܘܒܬܐ ܒ ܚܕܣ ܡܐ ܠܝܘܬܗ.
ܘܐܥܒܕܘ ܠܡܠܟܐ ܕܢܦܩܗ ܡܢ ܕܘܟܬܐ ‎δι‏ ܩܕܡܝܬܐ.. ܘܢܘܒܟܠܗ ܠܕܘܟܬܐ ܐܚܪ ܐ|
ܕܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ ܕܐܘܪܒܫܩܘ. ܘܟܕ ܚܚ̈ܕܚܕܢܐ ܡܢܗܘܢ ‎Io [iz‏ ܒܗܥܝܢ
ܩܝ̈ܠܝܬܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܘ: ܗܠܝܢ ܕܠܩܘܒܬܐ ‎Hu dw]‏ ܥܡ ° ܓܒܪ̈ܝܗܝܢ: ܘܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ
ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܠܐ ܢܟ̈ܦܢ܂. ܘܡܬܐܘܗܝ ܠܐܬܪܐ ‎où‏ ܕܡܥܡܪܗܘܢ ܕܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ܇܇. ‎lj; Jn]‏
ܘܬܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܡܫܬ ܡܠܝܢ ܗܘܘ , ܘܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ ‎os‏ ܕܢܬܛܡܐܘܢ ܠܡܥܡܪܗܘܢ
ܕܩܬܕܝܫܐ. ܐܠܗܐ ܒܥܘܪܐ ܕܡܝܢ ‎«Han δα‏ ܟܕ ܢܦܠܬ ܘܐܘܩܕܬܗܼ ܠܟܘܠܗ ܐܬܿܐ

‎I. Ms. dl.

‎queen and the magnates also, and the rest of the people throughout the city
with astonishment, and called forih praise and thanksgiving to God, and
rendered the community of the blessed meu itself honourable in the eyes of
everyone, so that at last the king sent, and made the hall (τρίκλινος) itself that
fella portico. And a second miracle which God wrouglit in the place where
this holy cominunity was happened as follows.

‎After the death of the believing Theodora the queen, when this com-
munity had also lost some of its earlier numbers, the adversaries were
stirred up with envy against it, and induced the king to cject them from the
former plaee, and remove them to another place belonging to the crown
called the house of Urbicus'. And, while a few of the holy old men were
in these cells, the adversaries introduced some women with their liusbands,
and others who were not chaste, and filled the place where the blessed men
lived, where the sacrament aud the service of God used to be performed;
aud, whereas these men thought to delile the saints’ dwelling, God purified

‎τ by a sudden fire, in that fire fell and burnt the whole of that place, only

‎1. Rather Urbicius.

‎* 114 1? b.
