Στον b,

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [^70]‏ ܩ
ܕܒܣܝܥܬܐ ܗܕܐ ܪܘܚܢܝܬܐ ‎Lisa) .asas il}‏ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܢܐ ܪܒܐ ܘܚܦܝܛܬܛܐ ܦܘܠܘܣ..

‏ܒܓܢܣܗ ‎LS‏ ܐܝܬܐܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܐܢܛܫܘܟܝܐ. ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܕܝܢ ܚܦܝܛܐ ܘܪܐܬ݀ܚ
‎fais‏ ܕܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܡܢ ܛܠܝܘܬܗ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎Ge:‏ ܣܓܝܐܘܬܐ ‎Lao og,‏
ܢܐܗܘܐ܂ ܘܠܙܝܙܐܼ. ܘܡܟܣܢܬܐ ܕܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܒܡܐܝܢܘܬܐ ܡܬܩܪܒܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎LS‏ ܕܕܚܝܼܠܬ
ܐܠܗܐ ܒܐܝܢܐ ‎Lau cen‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܕܝܢ ‎Eu‏ ܕܢܗܘܐ ܛܥܢ ‎lu^] Jus‏
‎Lado fins‏ ܘܟܕ̈ܝܗܘܐ܂. ‎Lim Nsa%o‏ ܗܘܐ ° ܘܡܿܫܝܝ. ܘܠܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܣܢܝܩܝܢ
ܡܚܝܛ ܘܡܡܚܠܦ ܡܬܢܝ̈ܗܘܢ.. ܘܡܘܟܘܠ ܘܡܫܕܨܩܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܟܠ ܚܕ ܚܕ ܐܝܟ ܡܕܡ
‎uses‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ. 550 ܗܘܐ ‎[δ‏ ܐܝܟ ܡܐ ‎cL‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܟܠ ܚܕ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ.
ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎λογο‏ ܢܘܗܪܗ ܙܕܦܪܐ܂ ܛܥܢ ܗܘܐ ܥܡ ‎oie, Jl‏ ܡܢ ܘܬܦܝܢ ܗܘܘ
ܒܛ ܛܢ ܗ.. ܘܐܙܠ ܣܐܡ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܒܕܘܟܬܗ. ܟܕ ܠܐ ܗܘܐ ܗܕܐ ܠܘܬ ܓܒܪ̈ܐ ܒܠܚܘܕ..
ܐܠܐ ܘܠܘܬ ‎Jes io fs‏ ܙܒܢܐ ܣܓܝܬܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܡܢ ܗܕܐ ܠ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ܓܪܓ
ܒܛܢܢܗ ܕܢܗܘܘܢ ܡܫܬܘܬܦ݀ܝܢ ܒܥܡܠܗ. ܟܕ ‎Αν‏ ܠܟܠܢܫ ܕܐܝܟ ܚܝܠܗ ܡܢ
ܒܝܬܗ ܘܡܢ ܥܡܥܗ. ܟܘܠ ܡܕܡ ‎ua,‏ ܠܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܗܕܐ܂ ܢܗܘܐ ܛܥܢ
ܒܐܝܕܗ ܒܟܠ ܝܘܡ ܘܡܿܡܫܬܐ ܠܚܫܚܬܐ ‎Lars,‏ ܡܣ̈ܟܢܐ ܘܟܪ̈ܝܗܐ. ‎Jin‏ ܕܡܟܝܠ

‎from morning till evening. without growing weary, should be omitted from
the order of those who have been inserted in this spiritual company. This
great and earnest. Paul therefore was by his birth (γένος) from Antioch ; and
he was earnest and fervent in religious zeal from his boyhood, so that from
the greatness of his zeal he became steru and harsh, and a rchuker of those
who approached religious work sluguishly in any manner; and the object of
his zeal was to carry poor and old and sick persons by night, and be would
take tliem aud bathe and anoint them, and mend and change the clothes
of those who were in need, ‘and take them and give them to drink each one
according to what was suited for him, and lic would give small coins as was
suited for each one of them. And thus before daybreak in company with
others who shared his enthusiasm with him he would carry him ', and would
go and lay him in his place (and he used to do this not to men only but also
to women) for a long time; so that in consequence of this he by his zeal
instigated many persons to share his labour, alter teaching everyone from
his houseand from the produce of his labour to earry in his hand every day and
bring for the use ofthe poor and sick needy persons according to his power, so
that accordingly many of them became enthusiastie and used sceretly to hasten

‎1. sic syr.
