[us r9 a.

(TED JOHN OF. EPIHESUS. [464]

ܫܬ ܗܐ ‎bee jo‏ ܘܬܝܫܡܫܬ ]| ‎Jan je‏ ܐܡ̈ܝܢܬܐ ܥܡ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܒ̈ܢܝ ܥ ܘܡܝܪܐ
‎xxl‏ 000. ܘܡܐ ‎Jas.‏ |« ܗܘܘܢ. ܒܗ ܟܙ ܒܪܗ ‎Ba‏ ܒܠܠܝܐ
ܘܒܐܝܡܡܐ܂ ‎où‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܛܪܝܒܘܢܐ ܐܡܝܢ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܐܝܕܐ ܕܠܝܕܘܡܪܐ ‎Los‏ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ..
‎δι‏ ܕܒܡܣܟܢܘܬܐ ‎op‏ ܗܘܐ 50; ‎Lex] Jos cue Jan;‏ ܕܐܢ ‎e‏
‏ܘܡܧܪܬܝܚܘܬ| ܒܙܒܢ ܬܗܘܐ ܠܗ. ܒܗܪ ܐ܂ ܣܓܝ ܡܬ ܩܛܦ ܗܘܐ. ܘܝܨܝܦ ‎Joa‏
‏ܕܢܕܪܝܘܗܝ.. ܘܢܦܩܗ ‎οὐ»‏ ܡܕܡ ‎Νὰ,‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܒܕܪܝܟܘܬܐ܂ ܥܡ ܬܘܙܝܬܐ
‎L2 .Joot io‏ ܐܢܐ ܘܟܝܠ ܕܥܠ ‎onam)‏ ܘܥܠ ‎edo às‏ ܘܐܓܘܢܗ ‎SK‏
‏ܕܐܐܫܘܡ܂ ܘܠܥܘܗܕܢܐ ܐܝܬܐ. ܚܘܫܒܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܠܗܢܐ ܒܙܒܢ ‎Suy oS Jon‏ ܒܝܬܐ
ܕܡܥܡܪܗ. ‎AAJO‏ )9( ܡܬ ܟܪܡ ‎κ. |.» [so Jes‏ ܠܡܒܥܡܪܗ. ܘܟܕ
‎Lolas cas]‏ ܕܟܬܝܒ ܘܩܒܝܥ ܒܬ ܪܥܐ ‎Je Ὁ.‏ ܫܐܠ ܥܠ ܐܤܣܛܝܪܐ 4.229
ܘܢܚܘܝܘܗܝ ܠܗ ‎ΝΑ‏ ܘܟܕ ܗܼܘ ܡܢ ܐܣܛ2ܫܪܐ ܠ ‎ssh)‏ ܐܠܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܝܢ
ܣܩܘܒܠܐ ‎Lio‏ ܐܣܬܩܝܼܒܬܠܬܬ ܐܢܬܬܗ ܕܐܝܬܝܪܗܿ ܗܘܬ ܥܠܝܡܬܐ: ܘܕܥܠܡܝܐ ܗܘܬ
€ ܒܚܙܘܗܘܿ.. ܐܡܪܬ ܠܗ ܕܬܐ ‎Las Lilo e»‏ ܐܢܐ ܠܟ ܠܝܒ̈ܬܐ ‎da‏

1. Ms. om.

recitation. of service aud constant prayers iu company with all the members
of the couvent; and, when they were remaïning continuously in the cell,
the blessed Tribunus was constantly occupied in the same way night and
day, and what is especially deserving of adiniration is that he rejoiced in
poverty and took pleasure in searceness; so that, if it happened that at any
time he actually had a superfluity, he was muclr displeased at this, and set
himself to seatter and to spend his superfluity ; so that he took pleasure in
scarceness, giving thanks. I wisli therefore to set down and place on record
something about a temptation. of his aud about the mans courage and the
conflict (zyóv) which he sustained. This man then had once thought of
changing his place of residence; and he went out and was going round the
mansions, looking for a tenement convenient for him to live in; and, haviug

found αὖ!

written and fixed up on the door of a ceriun mansion, he asked
for the porter (ὁστιάριος) to go up and show him the tenement. And, sinec
the porter (6:42:92. himself was not there, but as if by the opposition of
Satan his wife was present, who was a vouug woman and was very worldly

in her appearance?, she said to him « Come with ine and 1 will inyself show

1. Thi- was perh. used of any house where rooms were to be let: but in Bar ‘Ali (quoted in
P. smith, 5, ν, ‏ܐܣܛܝܪܐ ܨ ܐܶܣܛܺܝܪܐ‎ ‘ostiarius, is rendered ‏9ܘܬܦܝܐ‎ 'innkeeper). — 2. See p. 224, n. 3.
