° |06 r* a.

656 JOHN. OF EPHESUS. [154]

ܒܚܪܬܐ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ‎ile‏ ܒܬܛܥܝܘܬܗ ܘܒܪܗܛܐ ܕܙܒܢܘ̈ܗܝ ‎ass so‏ ܟܠܗ
ܩܢܝܢܗܢ. ܘܢܦܝܼܩ ‎[x2‏ ܠܗ ‎Je;‏ ܠܒܪ ܡܝܢ ܩܪܝܬܗ ܕܫܡܗ̇ ‎Vox Jon‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܙܕܐܦ
‎on‏ ܡܐܪܝ ܗܘܠܝܐ ܡܬܩܪܐ ܗܘܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܠܒܕܟ ܢܦܫܗ ܒܥܡ̈ܠܐ ܬܩܝ̈ܚܦܐ: ܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ
ܘܡܣܪܩܘܬܐ: ܘܫܗܪܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ: ܘܨܘܡܐ ܘܙ ܠܘܬܐ܂. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܐܕܢܬܬܡܗܘܢ ‎Je]‏
‏ܒܕܘܒܪ̈ܘܗܝ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܐܓܘ̈ܢܐ ܣܓܺܝܐܐ ܕܪܕܝܦܘܬܐ ܕܡܢ ‎Lait‏ ܣܒܠ ‎Jes‏
‏ܩܫܝܐܝܬ. ܘܡܛܠ ܕܒܬܫܡܿܝܬܐ ܩܕ̈ܡܝܬܐ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܥܠ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܗܢܐ ‎No‏
‏ܡܢ ‎δα αὐ LE‏ + ܡܪܘܿܡܝܢܢ ܗܢܐ ° ܡܢ ܬܫܥܝܬܐ ܕܥܠܘܗܝ. ܬܠܡܝܕܗ ܗܟܝܠ
ܕܗܢܐ ܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܗܢܐ ‎μοι. ωὖρο‏ ܕܡܫܡܠܝܐܝܬ ܩܒܠܗ̇ ܠܡܫܬܡܥܢܘܬܐ
ܕܪܒܗ,. ‎lo‏ ܒܬܘܣܦܬܐ ‎NS às‏ ܗܘܐ. ܒܕܘܡܐ ‎"Lussel‏ ܘܢܙܝܪܘܬܐ ‎EN‏
‏ܘܫܗܪܐ ܣܓܚܐܐ. ܥܡ ܫܪܟܐ ܕܛܟ̈ܝܼܣܐ ܬܩܢ̈ܐ ‎[ei‏ ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܕ ܥܕܡܐ
ܠܡܬ ܚܐ ‎AS‏ ܕܙܒܢܐ ܕܦܢ̈ܝܐ܂. ܡܢ ܩܢܫܘܬ ܥܡ̈ܿܠܐ ܢܬ݀ܝܒܫ ܗܘܐ ܦܓܪܗܼ ܘܢܬ ‎se‏
‏ܟܕ ܒܥܘܡܪܐ ܕܥܡܢ ‎où |o‏ ܙܒܢܐ ܣܓܚܐܐ ܘܒܡܕܢܚܐ ܘܒܡܥܪܒܐ܂ ‎Jew à»‏
ܘܡܢ ‎opas ΝΜ,‏ ܕܪܒܗ.. ܗܘ ܡܟܝܠ̣ ܥܡ ܬܠܡܝ̈ܕܐ ‎Li)‏ ܨܚ ‎Lin.) Jon‏

τ. Corr. from ‏ܕܢܬܬܡܬܗܘܢ‎ jn]. — 2, In erasure, — 3, Corr. from eto.

seeing his error and the course of the world's times, left all his property,
and went out and sought for himself a monastery outside lis village, the
name of which was Hula (6222); so that he himself also was called Mari of
Hula; and thus he mortitied himself bv mighty labours, asceticism and self-
abnegation, and much watching, aud fasting and prayers, so that men
marvelled at his practices, even as he stubbornly endured many conilicts
(ἀγών) of persecution arising from the heretics. And, whereas in the previous
histories we have recorded a small proportion of facts about tlis same
hlessed man', we now forbear to relate his history. This blessed Mari
therefore is this man's disciple, who took upon himself his master's obedience
to the full, and in practising it even went beyond him, in constant fasting
and perfect abstinence, and much watching, with the rest of the excellent
and devout rules of monasticisin, so that, when he had lived to a long period
of vears, his body was dried up and enfeebled from the severity ol the
labours ; and he also lived a considerable time in the convent with us both in
the cast and in the west. And after his master's deccase he himself with
other disciples was thenceforth gainiug distinction, so that he also endured

1. Gh. 9. There however he is called Mare.
