[^77 | OF THE REFUGEES IN CONSTANTINOPLE. 679

‎Nas‏ ܥܕܢ .. ܐܦ ‎μαιᾶ-ο‏ ܘܪ̈ܘܚܦܐ ܕܒܟܬܕܘܟܐ ܗܽܘܝܚܢ ܗܘܘ. ܟܕ ܡܶܕܒܚܝܐ܂ ܒܟܘܠ
ܕܘܟܐ ‎case‏ ܗܘܘ. ‎fin)‏ ܕܡܟܝܠ ܠܘ ܥܡܐ ܕܡܥ ܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ ‎jid o! JAM‏
‎c5‏ ܗܘܘ ‎«Ἐπ (e a)‏ ܘܐ݀ܡܗܝܢ 910« ܘܡܬܕܡܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎]xià5‏
‎v»‏ ܪܽܘܚܢܫܐ: ܘܪܗ̇ܛܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܘܬ ܟܠ ܚܕ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ‎ο)‏ ܗܠܝܢ
ܠܬ ܬܒܬܟܘ ܘܠ ܡܬ ܥܕܪܘ ܒܬ ܥܝ ܘܬܗܘܢ.. ‎Jl‏ ܐܦ ܡܝܢ ܗܠܚܝܢ ܕܠܘ ܡܝܢ ܒܐܢܝܚ
ܫܘܬܦܘܬܗܘܢ ܐܝܬܝܙܗܘܢ 009,+ ‎eL‏ ܗܘܘ ‎onda‏ ܕܟܙܘܫܝܐ ‎ST Jio, où‏
ܗܘܘ ܘܬܡܿܡܪܗܝܝܢ ܘܬ݀ܘܪܝܚܢ ܘܡܬܒܠܗܝܢ ܐܦ ܡܬ ‎xa‏ ܘܡܘܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎Jef‏ ܟܕ
‎Jiou y aa‏ ܡܝܠܚܐ ‎Fes‏ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܠܘܬ 472215[ ܗܠܝܢ ‎fo‏
‎Jsiso My‏ ܘܢܬ ܬܘܥ ‎ed" Was‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎JL- o S‏ ܡܢ ܡܫ̈ܘܬܦܐ ܕܣܘܢܗܙܕܣ

‎*

‎cr + ioca‏ ܕܥܕܥܬ ‎fiio‏ ܘܕܪܕܝܦܘܬܗܘܢ ܕܛܘ̈ܒܬܐ ‎τοὖροι‏ ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܚܙܚܢ ܗܘܘ
‎soia.‏ ܗܢܐ ܐܡܝܗܐ: ܘܝܒܠܦܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܚ̈ܶܠܠܬܐ ;014.2055 - ܡܬܘܼܠܠܐ ܗܘܐ ܪܥܝܢܗܘܢ
ܚܫܐܼ ‎E . Laos Jolo‏ ܗܘܘ ‎ο. JLasloss‏ ܘܝܐܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎Jlaslas‏
‏ܕܥܡܗܘܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܬܬܘܣܦܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܥܠ ܡܪܘ̈ܝܡܢܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎Rs‏
‏ܡܗܝܡܢܬܐ: ܚܕܐ ܠܬܪ̈ܝܢ ‎οἱ‏ ܠܬܠܝܬܐ ܝܘ̈ܡܬܐ.. ܥܘܬܗܘܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܬܬܒܪܡ ܡܢܗܘܢ

‎1. Ms. om.

‎the Spirit in every place were being earried on, while allars were fixed up
everywhere, so that in consequence not only' did the believing people run
to the amazing sight, and see and marvel and be astonished and wonder at
these spiritual congregations, and run to each one of these saints to be blessed
and to be assisted by their prayers, but even some of those who did not
belong to their communion would ruu to that amazing community about
which they had heard, and see and marvel and be astonished and dumbfounded
and edified, and wonld give thanks to God, aud in eonsequenee a great
number of the people of the eity like a full river turned aside to these holy
communities, and flowed on and overflowed at all times; insomueh that many
οἱ tlie participators with the synod of Chaleedon, which was a cause of scandal
and of the persecution of the blessed men, when they saw this marvellous
community, and learned the causes of the perseeution of it, had their mind
filled with atlliction and contrition, and renouneed the Chaleedonian commu-
nion, and asked lor communion with them, and thus many were added to the
believers; while the believing queen also would regularly onee in every two
or three days come down to them to be blessed by them, being amazed at

‎I. Ms. om.

‎* 113 τ a.
