܆ | “¥ 1:11 `“

ΤΩ) ἃ,

042 JOHN OP BPIHESUS. 1007

‎Le‏ ܠܗ ܕܒܥܘܡܪܐ ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ ܒܥܨܠܝܐ ܘܒܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ ‎esu‏ ܐܢܘܢ ܠܝܘܡ̈ܡܬܐ
ܕܚܚ̈ܘܗܝ.. ܡܢ ܡܫܘܚܬܐ ° ܙܥܘܪܬܐ ܕܥܠܝܡܘܬܗ. ܘܥܡ ‎Là‏ ܙ ܐܦ ܒܟܝܢܗ ܢܨܝܒܐ
ܗܘܬ ܒܗ ܦܫܝܛܛܘܬܐ ܘܡܟܝܟܘܬܐ.. ܟܕ ܢܦܫܗ ܐܢܝܥܡ ܠܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ . ̇ ܓܝܼܒܐ ܠܗ
ܕܘܒܕ̈ܐ ‎Just‏ ܕܡܝܬܪܘܬܐ. ‎δ ἰο‏ ܢܦܫܗ ܢܝܚܘܬܐ܂ ܘܡܫܬܡܥܢܘܬܐ. ܘܩܝ̣ܢܐ ܚܘܒܐ
‎οσο‏ ܫܗܿܪ̈ܐ ܘܕ ܘܡܐ ܘܨ̈ܠܘܬܐ ܐܡ̈ܝܢܬܐ ܕܠܐ ܩܘܛܥܐ.
ܘܐܝܟܢܐ ‎jalus S]:‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܫܡܗ ܘܢܝܢܗ ܕܒܪ ܫܡܗ ܐܗܪܘܢ: ܟܕ ܠܛܟܣܐ ܐܫܬܘܝ
ܕܟܗܢܘܬܐ܂. ܗܟܢܐ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܒܟܘܠܝܗ̇ ܙܗܝܘܬܐ ܘܢܟܦܘܬܐ ܒܕܚܠܬܐ ܘܒܕܡ̈ܥܐ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܬܐ
52.5.36 ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܡܢ ܠܘܩܕܡ ‎is)‏ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܡܫܬ ܐܠ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ܬܝܡܫܬܐ. ܟܕ
ܡܬ ܚܪܐ ܗܘܐ ܘܐܡܿܪ. ܕܠܐ ‎Je‏ ܐܢܐ ܐܬܩܪܒ ‎Less‏ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎«ao‏
‏ܘܡܢ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ ܩܛܝܪܐܝܬ ܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܕܟܗܢܘܬܐ ܡܬܬܒܥ݀ ܗܘܐ ,. ܒܚܫܐ ܘܒܕܚܠܝܬܐ
ܡܛܠ ܕܠܐ ܙܥܒܪ ܬܝܚܘܡܐ ܕܡܫܬܡܥܢܘܬܐ.. ܗܕܐ ° ܡܿܡܫܡܠܐ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܦܓܪܗ
‎as‏ ܗܘܐܼ ܘܡܿܫܥܒܕ ܒܡܿܡܠܐ ܦܓܪ̈ܢܝܐ ‎Sas,‏ ܐܪܥܐ ܂. ܒܟܪܡܐ ܘܓܢܬܐ܂ ܘܩܘܒܠܐ
ܕܐ“ܟܣܢܝܐ. ܘܫܪܟܐ ‎Ωμ ον Jes,‏ ܕܒܪܡܫܐ ܥܡܝܩܐ ܟܕ

‎,

‎his country and had also made himself alien to his kin (γένος) and his acquain-
tances, and he chose for himself to pass the days of his life in ‏ܐܐ‎ monastie
convent in retreat and religion, from the early age of his youth. And besides
the fact that simplieity and humility were also inplanted in him hy his nature,
since he had devoted himself to religion, he chose for himself inarvellous
practices of excellence, and taught. himself meekness and obedience, and
acquired trne love, having bound himself under the yoke of labours, vigils
and lasts and constant prayers without wearving: and, even as he resembled
his namesake Aaron in name and in character, so, when he had attained. to
the order of the priesthood, lic would recite the service yet more with all
integrity and devoutness with fear and many tears, after he had at first lor a
long time refused to perform the service, contending and saying, « ] am not
worthy to approach God's holy. altar »; aud, when we and others had been
insistently demanding of him to perform the service of the priesthood, in
order that he might not transgress against the rule of obedience, he would
go through this with sorrow and fear, while he also used to subdue his body
and bring it into subjection' by the bodily labours of agriculture, in the
vinevard and the garden, and ihe reception of stran;rers, and all the other
tasks inside the monastery. so much so that late iu the evening when he

‎l. I Cor. 13; 27.
