1: \ 6

Gas JOlIN OF. EPHESUS. (^^6]

‎κο‏ ܐܬܘܥܕ ܗܘܐ. ܘܟܕ ܡܢܢ ܐܝܟ ܓܒܪܐ ‎Jon Wal] κυσὶ‏ + ܒܚܘܡܐ ܕܬܪ̈ܝܝܢ
‎Jis‏ ܢܦܫܗ ܟܕ ܒܬܟܐ ܘܡܬܟܫܦ ‎αν ο κ ο‏ ܘܠܬܓܡܐ ‎Joel‏ ܙܙܝܪܝܘܬܐ. ܘܟܕ
‎Qi‏ ܒܫܘܩܪܐ ܡܬ ܒܩܝܢ ‎ολ...‏ ܣܟܪܪܝܢ ܗܘܚܢ ܕܕܥܠܬܐ܂ ܘܠܐ ‎his,‏
‎ok]‏ ܒܐܥܬܗ. ‎Ji ges‏ ܡܥܩܟܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ ‎KIA "Où‏ ܠܢ ‎ss fes‏
‎οι, σου‏ ܕܥܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ. ܘܕܐܢ ܣܘܥܪܢܐ ܡܕܡ ܐܝܬ ‎D‏ ܢܒܝܕܩ ܠܢ ܥܠ
‎ον)‏ ܘܠܐ ܡܡܒܕܪܝܢܢ ܡܡ ‎pe‏ ܚܝܢܢ ܕܢܣܥܘܪ ܠܥܘܕܪܢܗ. ܘܗܼܘ ܟܕ ܥܠ
ܐܦܘ̈ܗܝ ܥܝܼܕܐ ܗܘܐ ܘܒܝܟܐ.. ܝܡܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܢ ܕܠܝܬܐ ܠܝ ‎ba Jess Le‏
° ܐܠܐ ܐܢ ܕܐܬܘܒ ܥܠ ‎(le “Lo ee‏ ܡܫܬ ‎Jo‏ ܐܢܐ ܠܐܣܟܡܐ ‎ον‏ ܕܒܗ ܐܢܫܡܫ
‎κακο‏ ܠܐܠܗܐ ‎PST La hee e‏ ܠܝ. ܘܟܕ ܥܠ ܐ ‎νο‏ ܗܠܝܢ ‎Hi Ro‏
ܐܬܡܠܠ ܥܡܗ. ܫܒܩܢܝܗܝ܂ ܕܗܼܘ ‎μοὶ‏ ܢܦܫܗ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܚܢܢ܂ ܡܬ ܒܩܝܝܢ ܚܢܝܢ
‎olla ien seo.‏ ܘܟܕ ܗܟܢܐ ܐܡܠܝܚ ‎eis «li‏ ܟܕ ܐܡܝܢ ܒܕܘܡܐ ܘܒܕܠܝܘܬܐ
ܘܫܗܪܐ ܐܡܝܢܐ ܕܠܝ̈ܠܘܬܐ܂. ܘܡܟܝܟܘܬܐ ܘܡܫܬܡܥܢܘܬܐ: ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎Nas aas‏

‎1. Ms. fees.

‎having at a certain lime come to the roval city, betook himself to us; and,
having been received by us as a stranger, on the second. day he east himsell
down wecping and entreatiug to be received by us, and admitted to the
monastic order (τάγμα). And we on our side, observing the burden of liis
old age, thought that his request was a pretext and not genuine, and' we
continned closely examining him, that he might let us know the true reason
of his coming to the royal city, and if he had any fact to toll us about his
intention, and we would not fail in anything that we could do to help him.
And he, having east himself upon his face and weeping, continued swearing
to us « I lave no concern in this world, except to repent for my sins, and if
| may be admitted to the monastic habit (σχῆμα), that in it I may serve and
please God during this remnant of life which he las appointed for me ».
And, after much conversation had been held with him coneerning these
things, we allowed him to make trial of his own self, while we also on our
part observed his perseveranec. And, when he had thus completed two
years, being constant in fasting and prayer and constant vigil by night, and
humility and obedience, while he was also always entreating to be admittod to

‎1. Ms. om.
