[^57] LIVES OF FOUR DEACONS. 659

ܩܘܪܝܩܐ ‎Pr ox μοι‏ ܟܠ ܐܢܫ ܥܡܢ ‎Jis‏ ܥܡܝܼܠ: ܒܬ ܪ ܗܥܝܢ ‎LS co‏
ܩܕܡܝ̈ܐ܂. ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܒܓܢܣܗܼ ܡܢ ܡܝܦܪܩܛ ܘܡܿܕܝܢܬܐ. ܐܒܪܗܡ ܕܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ
ܕ ܐܢ ܗܘܐ ܒܡܠܬܐ ܘܒ݀ܥܒܕܐ: ܘܒܦܓܪܐ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ.. ‎Lors‏ ܡܢ ܐܬܪܐ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܕܦܕ̈ܣܝܐ. ܘܝܬܝܪ ܡܢ ‎vent} Ll‏ ܪܘܚܢ ܒܚܦܝܛܘܬܗܼ ܟܕ ‎Joy‏
‏1 ܡܕܒܕܬܐ ܗܘܐ . ܘܒܡܣܪܩܘܬܐ ‎15ο‏ ܘܡܟܝܟܘܬܐ ܘܡܫܬ ܡܥܢܘ ܘܒܟܠܗܝܢ
ܪܘܚܢܙܫܬܐ. ‎vol‏ ܕܝܢ ܒܪ ‎pe‏ ܒܫܒܐ,. ܗܢܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܒܓܢܣܗܼ ܡܢ ܒܝܬܐ
ܐܓܠ̈ܝܐ. ܡܢ ܩܪܝܬܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ܂ ܐܪܥܐ ܪܒܬܐ. ܗܢܐ ܕܐܦ ‎sg‏ ܡܨܒܬ ܗܘܐ ܒܚܦܝܛܘܬܐ
ܘܡܿܪܥܼܬܝܼ ܠܡܫܡܥܢܘܬܐ.. ܘܛܝܢ ܗܘܐ ܒܬܫܡܫܬ 1 ‎«ool SN Lo‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ
ܣܪܓܝܣ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܒܓܢܣܗܼ ܐܪܡܢܝܐ. ‎be‏ ܕܐܦ ‎oe‏ ܐܓܘ̈ܢܐ ܪܽܘܪܒܐ ܗܘܘ
ܠܗ ‎Jess‏ ܗܢܐ ܕܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܕܒܝܬ ‎αν Ναὶ Ja‏ ܕܝܢ ܐܪ̈ܒܥܬܝܗܘܢ ܥܡ ܫܪܟܐ
‎bL‏ ܠܦܘܠܡܐ ܛܘܒܬܢܐ ‎οι)‏ ܒܦܘܠܚܢܐ ܪܘܚܢܐ ‎[9:ejo‏ ܕܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ܆. ‎Jede‏
‏ܪܰܡܶܐ ܘܥܣܩ̈ܐ ‎Los‏ ܛܢܢܐܝܬ ܘܚܚܠܬܢܐܝܬ ܟܠ ܚܕ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܒܙܒܢܗ ܪܗܶܛ
ܗܘܐ ܆. ܘܡܬܔܒܪ ܥܠ ‎LAS‏ ܕܚܢܦܘܬܐ܆. ܘܣܝܘܚܦܐ ܕܦܝܬܟܪܘܬܐ܆. ܘܥܩ ܘܪܝܐ
‎“HS ο ο‏ ܒܛܢܢܐ ܚܪܝܦܐ ‎AG‏ ܐܠܗܐ.

from Syria', Cyriae, who laboured with us for some years before everyone
after these first old men?, was by his birtli (yévx) from the eity of Maiferkat?,
and the blessed Abraham, who was powerful in word and in deed, and
above all in body, was by birth (γένος) from the country of the Persians, and
gratified our spirit more than others by liis earnestness, being adorned wtih
abstinence aud with self-abnegation and with zeal and humility and obe-
dience, and with all spiritual qualities, and as to Barhadbshabba too he was
by his birth (γένος) from Ingilene, from a village ealled Ar‘a Rabtha*, who
also was adorned with earnestness and ready to show obedience, and very
zealous in reeiting service, and tle blessed Sergius moreover was by his
birth (γένος) an Armenian, who also underwent great coufliets (ἀγών) in the
work of the ministry of the house of God ; and the four of them with all the
rest gained a blessed ending, since amid tlie same spiritual employment and
the tiring nature of the countries aud the high rugged mountains of Asia
eaeli one of them ran zealously and mightily in his time, and was streng-
thened to abolish paganism, and overthrow idolatry, and uproot altars and
destroy shrines (ναός) and cut down trees in ardent religious zeal; and * each

1. I cannot reconcile this with the statemenIs following. — 2. Leontins and Kashish (?); see ch. 39.
— 3. Martyropolis. — 4. See p. 56. It was perhaps the author's native place /p. 61). — 5. Ms. oun.

* 106 v? b
