` 11: ‏ܙ‎ b.

‎JOHN OP EPIIESUS. [^80]‏ ܡܥ
ܡܢ ܛܪ̈ܩܠܝܢܐ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ: ‎où‏ ܕܐܦ ‎Joe Nas‏ ܠܓܘ ‎ono‏ ܐܝܬ ‎[ou‏ + ܒܚܕ ܡܢ
ܝܘܡܺܝܢ ܟܕ ‎[ax‏ ° ܬܩܝܦܐ ܟܢܫ ܗܘܐ ܘܐܬܡܠܝ ܣܝܦܐ ܒܣܦܐ.. ܐܝܟ ‎ο)‏ ܝܘܩܪܐ
ܣܓܝܐܐ ‎Jonas:‏ ܡܢ ܫܠܝܚ ‎Mel] εν Ελα ον bo‏ ܒܝܬܐ ‎δυο où‏ .. ܟ
‎ολο‏ ܒܙܘ "ܐܠܦܐ ܕܒܢ̈ܝܢܫܐ. ܘܟܕ ܝܠܠܬܐ ܡܢ ܝܠܝ ‎Jloslo JNxojo‏ ܕܘܼܬ. ‎JLos‏
‎ΠΕ Lis ISSN,‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܦܠܛܝܢ ܪܒܬܐ ܐܫܬܡܼܥ. ܘܡܠܬܐ ‎xo!‏
‏ܠܝ ‎Nos‏ ܕܡܝܬܘ ܐܠܦܐ ܣ̈ܓܝܐܐ ܡܢ ܗܥܝܢ ܕܠܐ ‎xoa‏ ܠܣܘܢܗܘܙܘܣ.
ܘܗܝ ‎Jai Ro x)‏ ܕܡܪܝܚܡܢܘܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎Na‏ ܘܐܬܓܠܕܝܬܐ ܥܠ ܟܢ̈ܫܐ ܗܠܝܢ
‎ALAN ES‏ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ ‎Jae‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܙܢܦܬܐ ܚܕܐ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܠ ܬܐܒܕ. ܘܡܚ ܘܬܐ
ܒܦܓܪܐ ܕܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܠܐ ܬܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܛܒ ܠܥܠ ‎κο‏ ܚܚ̈ܕܕܐ ‎Boe .JL-x aka‏
ܟܕ ‎[ise ondas cd"‏ ܩܝܼܡܘ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܡܢ ܡܦܘܠܬܐ ܗܺܝ܂. ܟܕ ‎fM»‏
‏ܡܢ ‎v7] Jlotolo [A σοι‏ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܐܫܬܩܦܘ݀. ܘܢܝܦܕܩܝܘ܂ ܟܕ ‎ci‏

‎a ‏ܘܡܒܪܟܝܢ 1 ܠܐܠܗܐ ܕܦܪܩ ܐܢܘܢ ܡܢ ܡܘܬ|.. ܘܡܬܕܡܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܟܠ‎ κ...» naso

‎el ‏ܗܕܐ ܪܒܬܐ ܕܦܘܪܩܙܐ ܕܡܢ ܡܘܬܐ ܕܗܘܼܬ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ. ܟܕ‎ Jae Ns EN Se) M

‎1. Marg. eil. Ms. om. stop following.

‎oblation consecrated by them in one of the groat halls {τρίχλινος), inside which
there was also a martyrs’ ehapol, one day, when a great crowd was assembled
and it was filled from end to end, on account of the great weight of the people
suddenly at the time of the celebration that chamber broke in and fell,
thousands of people going down with il. And, when shrieking and terror
and paniesuddenly arose, so that the sound ofthe shricking was heard a long
distance, as far as tlie great palace (παλΖτιον), and a sudden report went about
« Mauy thousands of those wlio do not assent to the synod have been killed »,
then indeed the descent of God's mercifulness descended', and was made
manifest upon these multitudes by the prayers of the saints themselves, so
that not one soul among them perished, and there was not a hurt on the body
of any of them, although many fell on the top of one another, among them
women earrving their children; and thus they all rose from that fall, and it
was only from the terror and pauie that some of them received a shock. And
they came out thankiug and praising and blessing God who saved them from
death. and all who saw them wondered at this great miracle of deliverance
from death which had happened to them ; while this story filled tlie king and

‎I. Sie syr. x
