* 110 vta.

ΣΕ νο

ܨ

‎JOHN OF EPTIESUS. [^76]‏ 678
‎«-3ς Νο‏ ܡܫܬ ܡܥܝܢ 0001". ܘܒܣܕܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܬܡܡܝܗܐ ܘܒܩ̈ܠܝܗܘܢ ‎fans‏
‏ܕܒܟܠܗܘܢ ܒܝ̈ܬܐ ‎ο λος.‏ ܘܛܪ̈ܩܠܝܢܝܗ̇ ܕܦܠܛܚܢ ܗܿܝ!
ܡܫܬ ܡܫܝܢ ܗܘܘ . ܘܣܕܝܪܝܢ ܘܡܠܝܢ ‎“boy Nas‏ ܘܣܟܝܣܝܢ ܘܚܝܒܝܟܝܢ
ܘܡܶܓܝܢ ܩܝ̈ܠܝܬܗܘܢ܆. ܘܟܠ ܒܝܬܐ ܘܡܥܡܪܐ ‎Jil‏ ܗܽܘ. ܟܕ ‎Kas‏ ܚܕ ܡܢ
ܛܕ̈ܩܠܝܢܐ ܪ̈ܘܪܒܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܡܝܼܚܙܐ ‎Los fie Sos‏ ܕܒܝܕܝܦܘܬܗܿ ܕܡܠܟܬܐܼ
‎το obe Loi‏ ܐ ܠܐܢܫܐ ܣܒ̈ܐ ܘܪܘܪ̈ܒܝܐ ܘܝܝܩܚܪ̈ܐ ܕܒܗܘܢ:. ܘܕܐܣܛܘܢܪ̈ܐ
‎Ho bile Jo‏ ܡܝܢ ܡܠܝܘܬܐ ‎JL os‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܕܒܟܘܠܗܝܢ
ܦܢܝ̈ܬܐ ‎£e 26 v‏ ܡܢ ܟܢܘܢܝܐ ܪܒܐ ܕܒܚܕ ܒܝܬܐ ܐܝܟ ܛܟܣܐ ܕܚܕ
ܥܘܡܪܐ ܘܚܕܐ ܬܬܟܠܫܬܐ܆. ܘܪܝܫܕܝܪܐ ܘܪܒܝܬܐ܆̇. ܘܫܒ̈ܬܝܐ̇ ܘܦܬܘܪܐ ܐܝܟ ܚܕܐ ܐܝܬ
ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ܆. ܘܒܘܠܗ ܛܟܣܐ ܡܫܡܠܝܐ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ ܐܡܝܢܐܝܬ ܡܬܕܒܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܘܟܕ
ܗܠܝܢ ‎Lois Lin)‏ ܕܛܪ̈ܩܠܝܢܐ ܐܝܟܢܐ ?20« ܠܥܠ ‎«σον» : ol‏ ܩܝ̈ܥܝܬܐ܂
ܘܡܿܫܟܢܐ ܕܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ ܡܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܐܝܬ ܕܡܢ ‎Lao‏ ܘܐܝܬ ܕܡܢ ܝܕܺܝܥܬܐ. ܘܐܝܬ

‏ܕܡܢ ‎JA ope‏ ܘܫܪܟܐ. ܟܕ ܥܡ̈ܠܐܼ ° ܩܫ̈ܝܐ ܘܨܘ̈ܡܐ ܡܬܝ̈ܚܝܐ ‎Hs Joe‏ ܘܕ ܠܘܬܐ ݂

‎1. Ms. ‏ܕܦܠܛܝܢ ܗܝ‎ ομαιδοσίο. — 2, Ms, lo, corr. from ‏ܘܬܒܬܝܐ‎ corr, v. D. and L.

‎from all sides, and at their marvellous canticles and their melancholy voices
which were performed and nttered in all the chambers and courts (πλατεῖλ) and
cells and halls (τρίκλινος) of that palace (παλάτιον), and they were ranged in order
and full in every place, aud they were crowded and packed and their cells were
full, as well as every elhiamber and room in that place; while one might see
in each of the great halls (τρίκλινος) that they were filled by rows of planks,
for by the care of the queen cells had been made and provided for the old and
great and honoured men among them, and some of the stylites and recluses
and solitaries, besides all the quantity of cells that were in all the quarters of
that palace (παλάτιον), and besides the great community which in one chamber
had as it were the organization of one convent and one service, and an
archimandrite and a steward, and servitors! and a table together, and were
continually governed according to the whole perfect organization of a convent;
while all the other halls (τρίκλινος) besides, as we have stated above, were full
of the blessed men's cells and booths, some of wood and some of curtains,
and some of matting and so on, while severe labours and protracted fasts and
constant vigils and perpetual prayers, as well as celebrations and descents of

‎1. See p. 62, n. 2.
