[483] LIVES OF FIVE PATRIARCUS. 685

‎“Jai J pe‏ ܛܘܒܬܐ ‎solo‏ ܒ ]̄ܓ ܘܢܐ ‎J/|o2.55 |Α.ο]ο Lj NS‏ ܨܚ
ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܡܢ ‎Lisa‏ ܡܕܝܢܬܬܐ ‎τα‏ . ܘܙܦܨܩ ܠܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ. ܘܠܡܕܒܕ̈ܐ
ܕܡܨ ܪܝܢ ‎"κα‏ ܟܕ ܢܝܦܐ ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ ‎oùs‏ ܕܐܦ ܡܢ ܩܕܚܡ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ
ܡܣܡܥܐܐܝܬܐ ܘܡܣܟܢܐܝܬ.. ‎Messe‏ ܡܫܡܠܐ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܐܓܘܢܐ ܕܬܟܬܘܦܐ
ܠܘܩܒܠ ‎da‏ ܐܠܝ ܩܪ ܢܣ ܢܐ 1 ܢܕܝܚܐܝܬ ‎WM‏ ܥܡ ‎be‏ ܬܘܒ ܘܐܦ ܛܘܒܢܐ
ܬܐܕܘܣܫܝܚܘܣ ܡܢ ܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ ܐ ܬܪܕܦ 2819« ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܒܪܕܘܦܚܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ
ܗܘܘܢ. ܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܢܬܝܡܘܣ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܐܦ ܣܩܦܐ ‎“Loge‏ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ..
ܠܒܕܝܢܬܐ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ° ܐܬܩܕܪܝ܂. ‎Ko‏ ܡܝܬܪܘܬܐ ܕܕܘܒܕ̈ܘܗܝ.. ܠܬܪܘܢܘܣ ‎où‏
‎Ds‏ ܕܡܙܝܢܬܐ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ‎δ αἱ‏ ܘܟܕ ܙܒܢܐ ܙܫܢ̈ܝܐ ܝܕܝ̈ܥܬܐ ܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ ܕܬܪܘܢܘܣ
‎où‏ ܪܒܐ ‎ἜΝ‏ ܘܫܡܼܥ ‎Suo‏ ܥܠ ܪܕܘܦܝܗܘܢ ܕܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ ܣܘܪܐ ܘܬܐܕܘܣܝܣ.. ܘܠܩܒ
ܘܝܠܕܦ ܥܠܕܬܐ ܕܪܕܘܦܝܗܘܢ:. ܕܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܒܫܝܫܘܬ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ܕܣܘܢܗܕܣ ܕܟܠܧܝܕܘܢܐ..

‎ja3 ‏ܕܙܒܝܢ‎ Jo oies) ‏ܠܗ ܒܕܡܘܬ ܡܘܫܐ ܪܒܐ ܕܒܐܘܠܨܢܐ ܙ ܗܘܐ ܥܡ‎ La

‏ܐ ܕܛܝܦܙܘܢܛܐ ,8 ,3 ‎ντο‏

‎of posterity in wriling, among whom the blessed Severus like a valiant and
heroie man first distinguished himself in mighty and intense conllicts (ἀγών)
of persecution, having been chased from the city of Antioch, and departed
to the city of Alexandria, and withdrawn to the deserts of Egvpt, while he
carried out to the full the monastie model in which he had before also
lived a life of austerity and poverty, and he engaged in a splendid conllict
(ἀγών) of contention against Julian of lalicarnassus'. Besides him moreover
the blessed Tlieodosius also besides was cliased and departed from Alexandria.
While these were in banishment?, the blessed Anthimus, who was bishop
of the city of Trebizond, was summoned? to the roval city, and on account
of the excellence of his mode of life he was raised to the throne (θρόνος) of
the royal city itself; and, when he had retained the administration of that
ureat throne (θρόνος) for a considerable number of years‘, and had heard and
learned about the persecution of tlie blessed men Severus? and Theodosius,
and investigated and learned the reason of their banishimeut, which is the
evil faith of the synod ol Chaleedon, he chose for himself like the great Moses
to undergo alfliction with his brothers, aud not for a short time take his

‎I. “Zach Hh, 1x, 9-13. — 2. Theodosins was expelled. afler Authimus, bul al tlie time of A.'s
accession lie had been driven out by the Julianists. — 3. Or *called (se. lo the bishoprie.). — 4.Really
10 monllis (June, 535-Mar., 536), — 5. 8. was banished 17 years before the appointment of Anthiimus,
but during A.'* episcopale he was in C P'., and was fureed Lo leave at the lime of his expulsion.

‎* 114 v? b.
