108 re b.

646 JOHN. OF EPHESUS. [^^^]

ܡܠܟܘܬ ܐ ‎οοι να ρου‏ ܥܡ ܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ ܡܢܗ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ.. ܐܬܪ ‎Ke‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܡܥܡܪܐ ܙܕܥܡܢ
ܘܥܡ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܗܪܘܢ ܘܫܪܟܐ.. ‎Ale» iio‏ ܟܕ ‎LZ‏ ܬܩܢܐܝܬܐ ‎Jana] .Roflisaso‏
ܕܟܕ ‎SE‏ ܥܠ ‎Se όλ. «νο oo]‏ ܗܘܐ ܕܒܥܡ̈ܠܐ ‎(Les‏ ܕܐܟܦܣܢܝܘܬܐ ‎LCL‏ ܗܘܐ ..
‎joe‏ ܠܗ ‎di‏ ܕܐܦ ‎oo‏ ܒܗ ‎Hors‏ ܢܥܡܠ ܥܡ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܚܪܢܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܐ ܗܘܐ
‎sax»‏ ܒܪ ܥܘܡܕ̈ܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܝܠܢ ܘܒܪ ܬܪܒܝܬܢ ܡܝܢ ܙܥܘܪܘܬܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ
‎[ii‏ ܗܢܐ ܕܐܟܘܣܢܚܘܬܐ ܢܦܝܼܩܘ ܗܘܘܢ. ܟܠܚܕ ‎Ras ASOHLIO‏ ܟܕ 9« ܣܥܕܐ
ܥܠܡܐܝܬܐ ‎«oon!‏ ܐܒܚܘ ܠܗܘܢ܆. ܡܬܛܘܠ ‎δι‏ ܕܠܐ ܢܬܝܕܥܘܢ ܘܢܐܬܝܩܪܘܢ ܡܝܢ ‎μυ])‏
‏ܐܝܟ ‎Li‏ ܘܟܢ ‎αι Lis‏ ܗܟܢܐ ܒܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ܡܡܕܢܚܝܐ ܘܡܥܪ̈ܒܫܐ ܘܬܝ̈ܡܢܝܐ ܟܠ
ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܠܚܘܕܘܗܝ ܡܬ ܗܦܟܝܢ ܗܘܘ: ܘܟܕ ܣܓܓܝ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ ܚܐܦܐ ܕܢܣ̈ܝܘܢܐ..
‎hM‏ ܕܫܘ̈ܢܝܐ ° ܠܘܬܢ ܐܬܘܥܕܘܢ. ܗܢܘ ܕܝܢ ܠܝܘܩ ܕܡ ‎où‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܠܐܘܢܠܛܝ. ܘܟܕ
ܙܒܢܐ ܠܟܠܝܢ ܐܦ ܒܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܒܦܘܪܩܢܐ ܕܡܢ ܚܢܦܘܬܐ ܥܡܠ ‎Jon‏ ܒܚܪܬܐ܂
ܠܣ ܚܡ ܐ ܝܕܐ ܕܩܫܝܫܐ ‎Los]‏ ܗܘܐ . ‎fine)‏ ܕܐܦ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܩܫܝܫ ܕܗܼܘ ܠܗ ‎ga‏
‏ܫܡܗ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎co ka] [so‏ ܘܐܦ ‎jM oo‏ ܐܝܪܐ ‎fins‏ ܪܒܐ ܡܡܝܩܪܐ

|] Ms. sine,

roval city with some blessed men from the same convent, he conceived a
desire to live withus and with the blessed Aaron and the rest, aud he vemaiued
with us, living 4 whole-hearted and laborious life, so that once on learniug
about a certain excellent man who was passing his life in great labours
of pilgrimage he was moved with zeal himself also to labour in the same
course with the other blessed man who was called Kashish' aud was a
member of onr own convent and had been brought up with us from our
childhood. And so both of them went forth in this zeal for pilgrimage, each of
them separatelv, while both also let their hair grow long in secular fashion.
in order that they might not be recognised aud honoured by men as monks.
When they had been thus travelling in the regions of the cast and the west
and the south each of them separately for manv years, and when the brunt
of trials had fallen heavily upon them, after some years they. came to us,
that is first the blessed Leontius. When he had for some time been labouring
with us in the service of God in saving persons from paganism also, he at
last attained to ordination as a. presbyter, even as the blessed Kashish also
who named himself John, who was a presbyter, himself also too attained to
ordination to the great and honourable voke of the episcopacy*; that is,

1. His life is given in ch. 81. — 2. Sce ch. 50 |, Επ v9 b.

The dale was probably 558. see
Introd., p. v
