* 116 ve b.

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS [490]‏ 602
ܒܐܝܡܡܐ ܠܒܪ ܡܝܢ ‎na‏ ܕܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܙܒܢܐ ‎Joo‏ ܕܫܝ̈ܢܝܐ ܚܡܫܥܣܖ̈ܐ ܒܥܡ̈ܠܐ
ܗܥܝܢ ‎ds‏ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎Jas. so‏ ܒܩܠܝܬܗ: ܗܝ ܕܝܢ ܒܒܛܝܠܘܬܗܿ ܘܝܨܝܝܦܝܘܬܗ̇
ܕܡܗܝܡܢܬܐ ܡܠܟܬܐ.. ܡܢ ܩܛܝܪܐ ܣܓܚܐܐ ܠܐܦܣܩܦܘܬܐ ‎9x9)‏ ܥܡ ܐܚܪܢܐ
ܛܘܒܢܐ ܡܢ ܐܬܪܐ ܕܥܪܒܝܐ܆. ܕܫܡܗ ܬܐܘܕܘܪܐ. ‎ὁπ: Ko‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ‎ESS‏
‏ܕܡܗܝ̈ܡܢܐ. ܘܚܝܼܣܪ ܬܘܒ ‎Jana]‏ ܕܟܗܢܘܬܐ܂ ‎loas‏ ܦܘܠܝܛܝܐ ܕܓܒܐ ܕܡܶܡܗܝܡܢܐ.
ܘܟܕ ‎Las;‏ ܘܗܙܘܬܐ ܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܩܝ̈ܒܥܘܢ: ܗܢܘ ܕܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܝܥܩܘܒ ܕܐܘܪܗܝ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ
(ܘܬܐܘܕܘܪܐ ܕܚܝܪܬܐ ܕܛܝ̈ܝܐ)'.. ܗܝܕܝܢܐܙ ܕܝܢ ܒܚܫܠܐ ‎Jis ο‏ ܕܬܫܡܫܬܗ.
ܟܕ ܡܟܝܠ ‎sas ss Lis‏ ܟܗܢܘܬܐ ܕܡܢܗ ܥܠ ܦܢܝ̈ܬܐ ܒܟܘܠܗܘܢ ܐܬ̈ܘܬܐ ‎see‏
‎jeu yl‏ ܪܒܐ ܒܫ̈ܘܡܝ ܢܝܣܝܢ. ܟܕ ܠܒܟܗ̇ ܠܐܘܪܚܐ ܪܡܬܐ ܕܔܓܢܒܪܘܬܐ ܒܪܗܛܐ
ܚܝܨܐ ܘܪܘܚܢܝܐ. ܕܠܐ ‎aes‏ ܐܘ ܢܝܚܐ ܕܠܠܝܐ ܘܕܐܝܡܡܐ. ܟܕ ܐܝܟ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܫܠܝܚܐ
‎ons‏ ܠܫܪܝܢܐ ܕܙܕܝܩܘܬܐ.܂. ‎ποιοι μοοίο‏ ܫܘܡܠܝܐ ܕܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ. ‎y‏ ܣܟܪܐ
ܕܦܘܪܩܢܐ܂. ܟܕ ܬܟܬܘܫܐ ‎aus‏ ܫܪܪܐ ܒܫܡܝܢܐ ܘܒܣܡܬܐ:܇. ܒܥܝܘܒܚܐ ܘܒܕܥܪܐ

‎1. Ms. oa». — 2, Ms. om.; ins. from ch. 50.

‎day outside his cell. But, when he had been engaged for a period of about
fifteen vears in these labours in the same royal city in his cell, then by the
provision and at the instigation of the believing queen he was under great
pressure summoned to the episcopacy, together with another blessed man
from the country of Arabia whose name was Theodore; because the party of
the believers had diminished and a deficiency had moreover arisen in the
order ol the priesthood over all tic common wealth: (πολιτεία) of the party of
the believers. And, when both had received the high-priesthood, that is the
blessed James that of the city of Edessa and Tlicodore that of Hirtha of the
Saracens', then he armed himself with divine strength, and went out to the
work of his ministry, while he thenecforth began to pour out the priesthood
derived from him copiously over the regions in all the eastern disiriets, like
a great river in the days of Nisan?, having entered upon the high road of
heroism at a vigorous spiritual pace witliout ceasing or resting night and
day, while in accordance with the saying of the apostle he clothed himself in
the breastplate ol righteousness, and girded lis loins with the perfection of
faith, and took hold of the shield of salvation?, while he was at all times
carrying on a contest on behalf ofthe truth ‘on the right hand and on the left,

‎1. Also called Hirlha d Nn'man (p. 145. The mention of Theodore and his see has been oniitted
in Ihe ms. and is supplied from ch, 56. — 2, April, — 3. Eph., vi, 1417.
