‎OF TUE REFUGEES IN CONSTANTINOPLE. 081‏ ]479[
ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎ioo «Ml Has‏ | ܠܘܩܕܡ ܡܿܠܢ ‎NU $4.) HAS‏ ܡܢ ‎LS‏
‏ܪܕܝܦܘܬܐ. ܒܚܝܪܬܐ ܕܢ ܕܫܪܟܐ ‎Lon‏ ܟܠܗ ܙܒܢܐ ‎Ea»‏ ܠܬܠܬܝܢ ‎ais‏ ܡܢ
ܥܕܥܬܐ ܕܡܬܦܢܝܢܘܬܐ ܕܡܝܢ ܛܥܝܘܬܐ ܕܦܬܟܪܘܬܐ܆. ܗܕܐ ‎lh‏ :39 ܪܙ ܘܬܐ ܐܦ
ܡܥܕܪܢܘܬܐ ܕܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎Jess‏ ܕܐܣܝܐ ° ܒܝܕ ‎Hans js‏ ܕܒܨܝܪܘܬܢ:. ܐܝܟܢܐ
ܕ“ܐܠܦܐ ܬܡܢܐܝܢ ܢܬ ܦܢܘܢ ܘܢܫܬܘܙܒܘܢ ܡܢ ܚܢܦܘܬܐ܆. ‎Jue‏ ܬܦܠܚܝܢ ܘܬܡ ܢܐ
ܘܕܝܪ̈ܬܐ ‎ο‏ ܕܡܝܢ ܟܢܘ̈ܫܬܐ ܕܝܗ̈ܘܕܝܐ ܫܒܥ ‎MT‏ ܒܗܠܝܢ
ܐܪܒܥ ܗܘܦܪ̈ܟܝܣ܆. ܐܣܝܐ.. ܩܪܝܐܐ ܦܪܘܓܝܐ ܘܠܘܕܝܐ. ܘܗܠܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܠܬܫܒܘܚܬܐ
‎Joi,‏ ܐܦ ܡܛܛܘܠ ܕܐܢ ‎Ne» Se‏ ܢܘܓܪܐ ܕܡܥܡܪܢ ‎Άγρα»)‏ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ
ܐܢܝܫ ‎ges Ss οἱ ΩΝ,‏ ܐܚܡ ܕܠܬܚܘܝܬܐ܀
ܠܐ ܕܝܢ ‎loo‏ ܢܘܟܪܝܐ ܕܠܘܬ ܪܘܫܡܐ ܕܥܘܗܕܢܐ ܢܝܬܐ ܐܦ ‎Las‏ ܪ̈ܚܡܼܘܗܝ
‎Joc,‏ ܕܗܘܼܬ ܥܠ ‎μα‏ ܗܢܐ ܡܝܢ ‎Lias‏ ܘܥܕܡܐ ‎JAM‏ ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ‎μα.‏
‎Wero:‏ ܐܡܪܢܢ: ܟܢܘܫܝܐ ܪܒܐ ‎abus‏ ܠܡܢܝܢܐ ܕ̈ܐܠܦܐ ܡܬ ܟܢܫ ܗܘܐ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ
‎isa;‏ ܡܛܠ ܒܘܪܙ̈ܟܬܗܘܢ ܘܕܠܘܬܗܘܢ: ܘܕܢܫܬܘܘܢ ܠܩܘܪܒܢܐ ܕܡܢܗܘܢ ܒܚܝܕ

‎Ms, ins. + — 2. Ms, om. — 3. Ms, «eo me Ife‏ ܐ

‎was!

‎with it first on account of the persecution, and at the end which is the
rest of all this long time, which passes thirty yoars?, on account of the
conversion froin the error of paganism, which as by the dispensation and
assistance of God's grace was performed in the districts of Asia by the
iustrumentality of our meanness, so that cighty thousand were converted
and rescued from paganism, aud ninety-eight churches and twelve monaste-
ries, and seven other churches transformed from Jewish synagogues were
founded in these four provinces (ὑπαρχίας) 7, Asia, Caria, Phrygia, and Lydia.
These things we have recorded for the glory of God, and, in ease anyone
should find fault or be offended on account of the length of our stay in the
royal city, by way of explanation *.

‎It would not be irrelevant to set down also a record of tlie loving care of
God that was shown to this community [rom the beginning even to the end.
Since, as we said before, a great congregation amounting to thousands in
number used to assemble in the presence of the blessed men for the sake of
their blessings and their prayers, and to have the privilege of receiving the

‎1. Ms. on. The sentence is cilher much confused or very corrupt. — 2. This musl be reckoned
from his πεί visit in 535: sec Introd., p. 1v. Ile cannot mean [μπε he was living in the palace of
Hormisdas all this time, for we know that he lived in (he monastery at Syeae, but only that he was

‎one of the Monophisite conuuunity in CP. Sce Introd, p. vi, — 3. Seo p. 416, n. 3. — ^. The sentence
is ungranmnalical.

‎* 11:4 v? ἃ.
