[459] LIFE OF TRIBUNUS. 661

ܬܘܒ ܬܫܟܝܬܐ ܕܐܪܒܥܝܢ ‎(amiga‏ ܕܛܪܝܒܘܢܐ ܕܒܐܣܟܡܐ
ܥܠܡܝܐ ‎eene‏ ܒܥ̇ܒܕܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܡܝܬܪܘܬܐ ‎ph‏

ܘܔܓܡܝܪ̈ܐ܀

ܛܘܒܢܐ ‎σοι‏ ܡܝܬܪܐ ܗܢܐ ܛܪܝܒܘܢܐ: ܕܒܬܛܟܣܐ ‎Jesse».‏ ܕܘܒܕ̈ܐ ܪܘܚܢܝܐ

Jo ‏ܡܢ‎ .Luss } ‏ܗܘܐ .. ܒܓܢܣܗ ܡܶܢ ܐܝܚܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ܐܬܿܐ‎ JLsassé
‏ܕܡܢ ܩܘܡܬܐ ܙܥܘܪܬܐ܂. ܕܚܥܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܡܬܝܠܦ‎ μοι ‏ܪܘܡܢܬܐܼ.‎ Ras ‏ܕܡܒܬܩܪܝܐ܂‎

‎.Joot‏ . ܘܒܕܘܡܐ ܘܨܠܘܬܐ ܘܐܡ̈ܝܢܘܬܐ ܕܒܡܿܕܬܐ ܘܒܕܝܪ̈ܬܐ܂. ܠܘܬ ܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ ܘܡܝܬܪ̈ܐ
ܐܡܝܢ ‎oo‏ ܘܡܥ ‎fiasopso ao‏ ܘܟܬ ̈ܒܐ.. ܐܚܟܝܢ ܐ ܕܐܦ ܣܝ̣ܦܪܐ ܝ ܘܢܝ ܐ
ܐܬܬܚܦܛܘ ܐܒ̈ܗܘܗܝ ܕܢܠܝܦܘܢܝܗܝ. ‎ooo‏ ܥܡ ‎Joe.‏ ܐܦ ‎κα.‏ ܝܠܦ ܗܘܐ.

‎ν ἃ‏ 107 + ܘܡܝܬ ܗܓܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܟܬܝܒ ܒܢܡܘܣܗ ܕܡܪܝܐ ܒܬܝܡܡܐ ° ܘܒܠܠܝܐ. ܟܕ ܡܟܝܠ
ܒܬܫܘܠܫܬܐ ‎Nose, [Ass fuiaso‏ ܘܣܘܪܝܐܝܬ ܐܡܝܢ ܗܘܐ. ܘܟܕ ܐܒ̈ܪܗܘܗܝ
ܝܨܝܦܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܕܒܫܘܬܦܘܬܐ ܠܥܠܘ ܢܝܬܐ ܕܐܢܬܬܐ ܢܟܕܢܘܢܝܗܝ܂. ܘܡܣܝܿܒܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ

‎οἱ;‏ ܝܪܬܐ ܢܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ: ‎αφου‏ ;]9 ܝܚܨܝܕܝܐ ܗܘܐ ‎Lao - AS‏ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ

‎1. Ms. ‏ܡܐܠܟܝܢ‎ .

‎NEXT THE FORTY-FOURTH HISTORY, OF TRIBUNUS WHO IN ΠΑΒΙΤ (σχῆμα) WAS
A LAYMAN AND A COUNT, BUT IN THE PERFORMANCE OF PRACTICES OF EXCEL-

‎LENCE COMPLETE AND PERFECT.

‎This excellent blessed man Tribunus therefore, who in a lay station
carried out spiritual practices, was by his birth (γένος) from the district of
Sophanene, from a village called Beth 11 w m n t''; a man who from an early
age had been taught religion, and was constantly occupied in fasting and
prayer and constant attendance in churches and monasteries with the great
and excellent blessed men, and used to hear and learn the psalms and the
Seriptures, even as liis parents also set themselves to teach him to read and
write Greek, and he besides Greck learned Syriae also?, and meditated, as
it is written, ‘on the law of the Lord day and night'?. While then he was
constantlv occupied in reciting service and reading the Scriptures in Greek
and Svriac, and while his parents desired to yoke him in worldly intercourse
with a wife, and expected that he would also be their heir, because he was
indeed their only child, and* advised him to take a wife, as she had been

‎1. Perh. read * Rumane' (pomegranates). - 2. Appy. his own language was Armenian. — 3. Ps.
I, 2. — 4. Ms. om.
