1o? v* b.

6602 JOHN OI EPIHESUS. [^60]

ܠܡܣܒ ܐܢܬܬܐ. ‎has]‏ ܕܐܬܡ̣ܟܪܬ ‎où Nile‏ ܕܠܩܘܒܐܐ ܗܘܼܐ. ܘܡܿܦܢܐ ܗܘܐ
ܠܐܒ̈ܗܘܗܝ ܟܕ ‎oes]‏ ܕܠܝ ܠܡ܂ ܠܡܢܐ ܐ ܙܠ ܠܝ ܐܦܠ ܒܕܘܘܕܗ ܕܥܠܡܐ ‎“bo‏
‏ܘܡܠܘܐܐ ܐܬܠ ‎νους‏ ܘܠܡܘܬܐ. ܕܟܕ ܛܒ ܐܬܛܦܝܣ ܠܟܘܢ.. ܘܐܦ ܒܥܠܡܐ
‎Lis NE asl κω Jod 2o‏ ܐܘܠܕ ܚܛܘܦܝܐ ܠܡܘܬܐ ܢܗܘܘܢ ,.
ܘܐܘܒ ܒܐܒܠܗܘܢ ܐܬܒ . ܘܫܪܟܐ ܕܣܓ̈ܝܐܬܐ ‎iN So we‏ ܗܘܐ ܙܒ̈ܢܬܐ ܣܓܝܐ ܬܐ
ܕܠܐܒ̈ܗܘܗܝ ‎[assé‏ ܗܘܐ . ܐܝܟܢܐ ܙܕܠܥܩܬܐ ܣܓܝܐܬܐ ܸܫܪܟܘܢ:. ܕܗܟܢܐ ܚܙܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ
ܠܥܠܝܡܐ ܢܟܦܐ ܕܡܿܒܣܪ ܥܠ ܥܠܡܐ ܘܥܠ ܟܠ ܕܒܗ. ܡܛܠ ܕܐܦ ‎Jilascs‏
‏ܒܬܬܐ ܘܩܘܪ̈ܝܐ ‎ἦν ΝΥ]‏ ܘܠܒ̈ܕܐ܂ ܘܐܡ̈ܕܗܬܐ ܤܣܡܝܟܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ‎no‏ ܗܘܘ ‎oó‏
‏ܕܣܝܒܪܝܢ ‎CL JL‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ܂ ‎x00» dis‏ ܘܡܒܣܪ ܥܠܝܗܝܢ. ܘܒܗܝܢ ‎FAR‏
‎jauss‏ ܠܐ ܡܬܛܦܝܣ ܗܘܐ . ܐܠܐ ‎Lys‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܘܦܘܠ ܚܝܢܐ ܪܘܚܢܝܐ ܐܡܝܢ ܗܘܐ.
ܘܠܘܬ ܐܢܥܐ ‎bed leo‏ ܘܕܚܟܒܝܝܝܢ ܘܥܡܝܠܝܢ ܒܡܝܬܪܘܬܐ ܙܳܗܽܛ ܗܘܐ ..
‎ος‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܝܟ ܒܪܐ ܚܒܚܒܐ ܡܟܝܠ܂ ܒܟܠܝܗܘܢ ܥܝܘܡܪ̈ܐ
ܐܚܝܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ. ܘܝܬܝ ܐܝܬ ܒܥܘܡܪܐܼ ܢܟܦܐ ‎ss‏ : ܛܘܒ̈ܢܐ ܢܟ̈ܦܐ ܘܪܽܘܪ̈ܒܐ ‎uns‏
‏ܘܙܥܘܪܐ܇. ܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܫܘܪܝܐ ‎JN.‏ ܗܠܝܢ ‎Lai y‏ ܕܢܘܗܪܐ ‎x)‏

hetrothed and provided, he on his side opposed, and he would answer his
parents, sayiug, « ΑΦ for me why should 1 go and fall into the turmoil of
this world, and give material to sin and death?  IfT indeed obey you, then
1 shall also be bound by the world and many sins, and, if it happens that 1
beget children, they will be spoil for death, and I shall again sit mourning
for them » ; and the mauy other things which, as lie often repeated. iu our
presence, he would answer to his parents, so that they were reduccd to great
distress, because they saw that the devout voung mau so despised the
world and all that is in it; since indeed they relied upon riches, houses and
estates and lands, and male and female slaves, and saw that he who they
thought was lieir of these things spurned and despised tliem, and would uot
consent to look at them at all, but was constantly occupied with religion
and spiritual employment, and used to have recourse to saints who were
stylites and recluses and laboured in the excellent life, and attached himself
to them, and was taught, so that thenceforth they held him as ‏)ܐ‎ heloved son
in all the convents, and especially in the devout convent of F y t r the devout
and great blessed men llabib and Z'ura, who shine at the beginning of
these histories! like rays of light; so that after the decease of Ilabib the

1. Ch. 1. 2,
