[493] LIFE OF JAMES. 695

ܒܟܠܚܘܡ ܥܠ ܓܒܐ ܕܡܗܝ̈ܡܢܐ ‎DAMM‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܟܠ ]54 ܕܝܘ̈ܢܝܐ ܘܕܣܘܪ̈ܝܝܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ
ܕܛܒܗ ܕܒܟܠ ܐܬܪ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܕܠܩܘܒܬܐ ܩܫܝܐܝܬ ܡܡܪ ܗܘܐ. ‎a ο‏ ܘܡܪ ܗܛ ܒܬܪܗ
‎flosils‏ ܘܒܦ̈ܢܝܬܐ. ܘܟܕ ܗܪܟܐ ܫܡܥܗ ‎LAS‏ ܗܘܐ ,. ܬܘܒ ܠܗܠ ܡܢ ܡܬ ܚܐ ܒܚܕ
ܝܘܡܐ܂ ܛܒܕܗ ܝܓܫ ܗܘܐ . ܟܕ ܡܟܝܠ ܫܚܖܪ̈ܝܢ ‎Lies‏ ܕܪ̈ܕܘܦܐ ܘܖ̈ܟܫܐ ܒܬܪܗ ܡܝܢ
ܟܠ ‎v‏ ܙܰܗܳܛܶܝܢ ܗܘܘܢ. ܟܕ ‎«οσοι KE his‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ‎os‏ ܒܬܛܘܒܢܐ
ܝܥܩܘܒ ‎ENS y‏ ܗܠܝܢ 0 ܠܗ ‎oo Soa Jo JR;‏
ܥܠܘܗܝ ܢܫܐܠܘܢ. ܟܕ ܐܡܪܝܢ ܂. ܐܚܡ ܕܒܪܐܙܐ ܠܡ ܫܡܝܥ ܠܟ ‎où st‏ ܡܛܥܝܢܐ
ܝܥܩܘܒ ܬܡܢ ‎oot. op»‏ ܕܚܢ ܕܘܟܬܐ ‎Ἀγ‏ ܒܙܥܘܪ ‎ocu‏ ܗܘܬ ܠܒܣܬܪܗ ܡܫܡܗ
‎h.‏ 1 117 ” ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪ. ° ‎«lh‏ ܠܡ ‎Rés‏ ܡܝܢ ‎STE μοὶ‏ ܗܘܘ. ܕܒܕܘܟܬܐ
‎Ludo‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ,. ‎ooo «ole‏ ܗܘܐ. ‎Lx eal «“ἘΞῚ NC‏
ܕܡܕܪܟܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎Où‏ ܟܕ ܗܥܝܢ ܡܢܗ ܐܝܟ ‎(ανα) Inm‏ | ܘܒܪ ܨܒܝܢܐ ‎v‏
‏ܗܘܘ ‎ο‏ ܠܗ ‎vx‏ 000 ܘܒܬܪܗ ‎«“ἐδὺ‏ ܗܘܘ ܐܝܟ ‎CCE y ou NS. So‏
ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎Ke"‏ ܗܘܝ "008148 ܒܪܕ̈ܝܬܐ ܥܡ ‎μᾶς.‏ ܕܠܐ ܢܫܬܘܕܥܘܢܝܗܝ

1. Ms. om.

righteousness, and would make an addition to the party of the believers every
day in every place, among Greeks and among Syrians; so tliat his fame
which was in every place sorely exasperated the adversaries, and disturbed
them and made them run after him over the roads and districts and quarters.
And, when the report of him reached this place, the news of him would
further rouse excitement over an unlimited space in one day, while conse-
quently pursuers and horses would run after him in droves from all sides,
meeting one another; insomuch that as chance would have it those who were
pursuing him often met the blessed James himself, and asked him about
himself, saying, « Have vou heard any secret news of that deceiver James
anywhere there? », and he on his side would name to them a place no small
distance behind him, saying : « Yes, 1 have heard from some men who were
saving that he was in such-and-such a place, and was going about there:
and, il you set out, perhaps you will catch him. » Having heard! these
things from him as a piece of secret information and supposing him' to be a
partisan, they would leave him himself, and run after him in accordance with
the story that he had told them?. And so their outward eyes were closed

1. Ms. om. — 2. The same story is lold of Simeon of Beth Arsham ^p. 1151.

PATR. On. — T. XVII. — F. 4. 45 bis.
