or b.

‎όσα JOHN OF ρου», [468‏
ܐܬܪܐ ܘܡܦܩܢܐ ܓܠܝܐܝܬ.. ܠܕܘܒܪܗ ‎.N aon Lions‏ ܠܫܗܪܗ ܘܠܫܪܘܬܗ ‎JNs3aslo‏
‏ܕܠܝ̈ܥܘܬܐ. ܟܕ ‎vele LS‏ ܘܚܦܝܛ ܘܩ݀ܿܐܡ ܩܕܡ ܟܪ̈ܝܗܐ.. ܘܕܦ ܕܬܫܡܫܬܗܘܢ
‎κ‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎«oo»‏ ܕܡܢܗ ‎ado‏ = ܗܘܘ ܢܒܪܟܘܢܝܗܝ܂. ܘܢܨܠܘܢ
ܥܠܘܗܝ܂ ‎Lois IN Nas‏ ܕܝܢ ܕܡܶܫܡܫܝ ‎Jobs‏ ܥܡ ܘܣܢܘܕܟܪܐ ܘܟܠ ܕܥܡܗ.
ܬܡܝܗܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܘܡܬ ܕܡܪܝܢ܆. ܒܚܦܝܛܘܬܗ ܘܢܗܪܗ ܘܨܘܡܗ ‎μιβαῤλ'‏ ܥܝܪܐ ܘܚܦܝܛܐ
‎nasal‏ ܟܕ ܓܝܪ ܐܢܬܬܗ ‎Ra‏ ܗܘܐ ܕܠܡܕܝܙܬܐ ܡܠܟܘܬ|ܐ ‎εἰ‏ ,ܠ ‎Jon‏
‏ܩܠܚܠܐܝܬ ܘܐܦ ‎og‏ ܒܬܪܗ ܢܦܝܼܩܬ. ܟܕ ܙܒܢܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܡܬܟܪܟܐܼ ܘܒܥܝܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܗ.
ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܝܠܦܝܼܬ ܗܘܬ ܡܢ ‎sun]‏ ܕܒܐܟܣܢܕܟܝܢ ܦܠܢܝܬ ܡܫܡܫ ܟܪ̈ܝܗܐ.
ܘܟܕ ܐܙ ܠܬ ‎Mao‏ ܥܠܘܗܝ ‎X20‏ ܡܿܠܛܢܐ ܗܘܐ ܢܦܢܗ ‎use‏ ܙܒܢܐ ‎κο‏
‏ܟܕ ‎Joot ανά» ca‏ ܘܡܬܟܪܟܐ ° ‎«Οἱ. ο‏ ܘܠܓܡܪ ‎His Nox Ji‏ ܕܝܢ
‎ον‏ ܠܗܿ. ܙܠܝ ܠܟܝ ܡܢ ܗܪܟܐ܂ ‎JI‏ ܬܟܡܿܢܝܢ ܘܬܬܟܪܟܝܢ. ‎οι mo") JA‏ ܠܐ
‎Li‏ ܐܢܬܝ. ܐܠܐ ܙܠܝ ܗܢܐ ܘܐ ܝܪܝ ܒܫܠܝܐ. ܘܒܫܘܠܡܐ ܕܬܪ̈ܝܢ ܝܪ̈ܚܝܢ.. ܐܬܝܐ
ܐܢܬܝ! ܘܚܙܝܐ ܐܢܬܝ ‎M‏ ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܩܒܝܼܠܬ̇ ܡܠܬܗ ‎Solo‏ ܥܠ ‎os‏
‏ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎Le‏ ܠܗ ܙܠܐ ܡܕܓܠ ܫܪܪܗ܂. ‎Nos‏ ܘܐܙ ܠܬ ܘܝܬ ܒܬ ܒܫܠܝܼܝܐ ܥܕܡܐ

‎1. ‏ܝ‎ added later. 2. Ms, «Sa.

‎outlet for his secret manner of life, for his watching and vigilance «nd the
recitation of service by night, he being vigilanl and regular and diligent and
standing before the sick, and busyiug himself about ministering to them
and relieving. them, so that all to whom he ministered blessed. him, and
continually prayed for him: but the other siek-attendants with the superin-
tendent (ξενοδογάριος) and all who were with him marvelled and wondered 9
the diligence and watehing and fastiug of the vigilant and diligent blessed
man Isaac. But his wife, having learned that he had gone to the royal city,
herself also too quickly went ont after him, and she went about for a long
time seeking him, insomuch that she learned from others that he was atten-
ding on the sick in such-and-such a hospital (ξενοδοχεῖον, And, when she
went aud asked about him and he heard about it, he hid himself from her for
a long time, while she lay in wait and went np and down to see him, and
was quite unable to do so. But at last he sent her a message : « Go away

‎from here, do not lie in wait and go up and down. You cannot see my face

‎now; but go awauv now and wait, keeping quiet; and at the end οἱ
two months vou shall come and see me ». Having therefore received his
word and put confidence in his truth(uluess, kuowing indeed that he would

‏ܐ
