* 118 ) 1

G6 JOHN OF EPHESUS. ,AUA]

ܠܛܘܒܢܐ. ܟܕ ܠܘ ܗܠܝܢ ‎S5‏ ܘܕ ‎oi M»‏ ܡܬܡܪܡܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܘܡܬܕܠܝܝܝܢ. ْ ‎JA‏
‏ܐܦ ‎oo‏ ܡܿܠܟܐ. ܟܕ ܠܘ ܒܙܥܘܪ ܕܗܒܐ ‎«Jl oon‏ ܕܡܫܬܘܙܝܢ ܗܘܘ :><
ܠܗ ‎aps‏ ܠܐܘܝ̈ܝܣܩܘܦܐ ܘܕܝܪ̈ܝܐ ܣܓܺܝܐܐ ‎ος‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܕ ܣܓܺܝܐܐ
‎Of‏ ܐܫܝܕܘܬܗ ܘܨܗܼܝܘܬܗ ܘܡܘܗܒܬܗ ܕܥܠ ܠܟܘܟܝܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ: ‎Las "We‏
ܕܒܥܐ ‎où‏ ܕܡܫܬܘܕܐ ܗܘܐ ‎ya‏ ܠܗ ܕܗܒܐ ܫܩܝܠ ܡܢܗ ܣܓܝܐܐ.. ‎Nano‏
‏ܡܛܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܒܗ.. ‎«robo‏ ܗܘܘ — ܕܗܒܐ. ܡܢ ܡܐܬܝܢ : ܘܡܢ
ܬܠܬܡܐ| ܕܙ̈ܝܟܘܢܐ ܘܢܦ̈ܩܝܢ. ܘܐܝܬ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܕܟܕ ܒܝܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܒܐܟܝܦܘܬܐ ܣܓܚܐܬܐ
‎A as‏ - ܒܡܕܒܪ̈ܐ ܘܒܛܘܪܐ ܘܒܡܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܘܒܩܘܪ̈ܝܐ ܡܦ ܬܩܦܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܘܡܬܛܪܦܝܢ.̇
ܟܕ ‎LS‏ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܢܕܪܟܘܢ ܠܐ ‎Kals ooo! cr‏ ܡܣܡܥܠܘܬܗ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎[cs‏
‎Jo‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܘܐܦ ܠܒܬܪ ܡܘܬܗ ‎Me Lone Mea. Las,‏ ܗܟܢܐ
ܡܣܬܒܪ̈ܢ 2080 ܟܕ ‎où‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܡܚܝܠ ܒܡܪܗ. ܘܬܟܝܠ ܐܝܟ ‎Lil‏ ܘܡܫܡܠܐ
‎ΙΝ λα]‏ ܟܕ ܟܗܢܘܬܐ ܐܝܟ ‎JAoson‏ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ.. ܒܥܠܡܐ ܟܠܗ ‎Mas;‏ ܙܶܗܘܡܝܐ܂ ‎iso‏
‏ܗܘܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܸܢ ܐܢܫ ܢܦܝܼܣܥ ܥܡܐܡܪ ‎ox];‏ ܡܢܗ ܡܐܐ "4538 ܠܐ ‎so‏

as well as their inner ones, that they might not recognise the blessed inan,
while it was not these only who were exasperated and disturbed by the news
of him, but also the king himself, who wave no small amount of wold to those
who promised to capture the blessed man, bishops and many monks and
several laymen: so that manv, when they saw his intentness and his eager
desire and the gilt that he gave for the capture of the blessed man, and that
evervone who promised to capture him received from him a large quantity
of gold, as much as he asked, used consequently to deceive him, and promise
and receive gold, from two hundred and three hundred daries, and go out.
And there are some of them who while they were making search with ureal
diligence in every place, in deserts and on mountains and in cities and 1
villages, were dazed and wearied, while they were unable to find the bondman
of God on account. of his abstemiousness!, though these things continued to
be carried on iu this way for many years, indeed even till after king Justintan's
death, while the blessed man was strengthened in his Lord, and was confident
like a lion. and accomplished his miuistry, causing the priesthood to flow
like great rivers over the whole world of the Roman dominions: so that, if a
man take upon himself to say that a hundred thousand were ordained by him,

1. This appy. means that he was able Lo travel so rapidly because he travelled so light and did not
stop lo Luke food.
