‎LIFE OF MARE ΤΙΣ SOLITARY. 629‏ ]427[
ܡܕܡ ܕܒܘܐ ‎Loi‏ ܘܠܣܘܙ̈ܚܢܐ ܕܒܢܦܫܝ ܕܡܝܢ ܦܓܪܐ ܥܕܟܝܠ ‎Lio‏ ܠܘܬܗ.
‎ἢ]‏ ܡܬܦܪܣ ܐܢܐ ܠܡܫܥܒܕܘܬܗ ܘܠܡܟܒܫܘܬܐܗ 1 ,. ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎sas μοι of»‏ ܡܢ
ܡܟܝܢܘܬܗܿ ‎ARS‏ ܥܡ (ܣܓ̈ܝܐܬܐ ܕ ‎y‏ ? ܗܠܝܢ ‎Lau‏ ܘܒܢ̈ܡܥ )° ‎ai‏
‏ܡܬܢܐ ܗܘܐ . ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܕ ‎ς‏ ܗܘܚܢ ‎Haas NEIN‏ ܨܒܝܢܗ ‎Lauso‏

‎*

‎tA oir D.‏ ܕܪܥܝܢܗ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܡܿܠܝ ܥܡ ܛܘܒܢܐ ‎Luis où‏ ܚܡܫܢ. ` ܟܕ ܡܟܝܠ ܡܢ
ܐܒܝ̈ܗܘܗܝ ܘܡܢ ܓܢܣܗ ܒܐܡܚܝܢܘܬ|° ‎«acu Naso.‏ ܗܘܐ.. ܡܢ ‎JNS‏ ܗܕܐ ܣܡ
ܒܪܥܝܢܗ.. ‎Jors") KL!‏ ܘܓܢܣܐ ܘܡܢ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܝܕܘܥܝ̈ܐ ‎ami‏ ܠܓܡܪ. ‎Ha)‏
‎CE‏ ܟ ܫܐܠ ܕܠܘܬܐ ‎+.otsi Lisa) «2o? Liso‏ ܪܕܐ ܘܢܝܼܦܩ ܡܢ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ
ܕܣܘܪܝܐ܂. ܘܡܿܢܥ }105{ ܕܐܓܘܦܬܛܘܣ ܘܕܬܐܒܝܣ. ܘܡܟܝܠ7 ܒܡܕܒܪܐ ܕܩܝ̈ܕܝܥܐ

‏ܕ" ܪܐ :ܐ ܡܠܬܐ ܟܪܡ ‎..Joot‏ ܘܠܘܬ ‎peso ble so; Las)‏ ܗܘܐ + ܘܕ̈ܠܘܬܗܘܢ܂ ܬܐܠ
ܗܘܐ ? ܘܒܕܘܒܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ, ܚܦܝܛܐܝܬ ܡܬܒܩܐ ‎fox‏ ܘܕܢܡܳܪܐ ‎Qoo cog‏ ܒܟܠܗ
ܢܦܫܗ ܚܦܝܛ ܗܘܐ. ‎Lis)‏ ܕܐܼܦ ܒܬ ܪ ܗܠܝܢ.. ‎Jas. 55 [ais NS.‏ ܒܚܕ ܡܢ
ܡܕܒܪ̈ܐ ‎œaas‏ ܐܝܬܝ ܗܘܐܼ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎Jr5e: laN ses Naso‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܡܬܚܐ

‎1. B Slo for ο. — 9. D om. — 3. B om. ©: — 4. B ‏,ܘ — ܐܬ ܕܡܪܢܢ ܒܚܦܝܛܘܬܐ ܪܟܬܐ ܖ‎ D ‏ܬܐܒ[ܡܝܢܘ‎

‏ܕܐܓܝܒܛܘܣ ‎B‏ .7 - .ܕ ܝܪ ‎dnas‏ ܡܢ ‎fol‏ ܘܡܢ ܓܢܣܗ ܡܢ ‎de (sic)‏ ܝܕ̈ܘܥܘܗܝ .ܟܕ ‎D «e»‏ .6 —
. ܘܟܬܥܡܠܝܗܘܢ .5 ‎ο”‏ ܢܦܫܗ ܚܦܝܛ ܗܘܐ ‎D Visas‏ .8 — ܘܕܬܐܒܐܝܣ ‎ο.‏

‎anything adequate to my sins and the vices in my soul which arise from
the body ; but I aim contriving means to bring it into subjection and subdue
it, (hat even now it may cease injuring my soul », with many similar things
which he would repeat lo us with allliction and with tears; so that, when
we were liearing them, we were surprised at the carnestness of his will and
the alllietion of his mind. But, when he had completed five years with
that blessed man, since he was still being constantly pestered by his parents
and by his kin (γένος), for this reason lie determined to remove completely
from parents and kin (γένος) and from all acquaintances, insomuch that,
having asked for prayer and release from the blessed man his master, he
set out on his journey and departed. from all the countries of Syria, and
came to the countries of Egypt and Thebais: and thenceforth he used to go
to and fro iu the desert of the saints, and he would betake himself to certain
great men and solitaries, and ask for their prayers. and eagerly observe
their practices, and set himself to imitate their labours with all his soul,
insomuch that alter these things he gave himself to the life of a recluse in
one of tle deserts: and thus he thenceforth went on distinguishing himself
