‎LIFE OF JAMES. 691‏ ]489
ܣܪܓܝܣ ‎où‏ ܕܡܢ ܠܥܠ ܐܸܬܥܗܕܢ ܚܢܝܢ: ܕܐܦ ‎où‏ ܡܢܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܝܥܫܘܒ
ܐܫܬܗܝ ܠܐܝܩܪܐ ܕܪܝܫܘܬ ܟܗܢܘܬܐ.. ܕܡܝܢ ܠܘܩܕܡ ܥܡܗ 2&. ‎joo‏ ܠܡܕܝܢܬ
ܡܠܝܟܝܘܬܐ ܡܝܢ ‎[RSS‏ ܕܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ. ܘܟܕ ܡܝܢ ܡܗܝܡܢܬܐ ܡܠܝܟܬܐ ܒܐܝܩܪܐ ܪܒܐ
‎sol}‏ ܗܘܘ: ܘܝܗܼܒܬ ܠܗܘܢ ܐܦ »...| ܘܟܪܟܐ ܠܚܫܚܬܗܘܢ.. ܡܟܝܠ ‎où‏
‎coax Lisa)‏ ܒܩܠܫܬܐ ܙܥܘܪܬܐ ‎Άλαν‏ ܥܡܿܪ ‎Las Jon‏ ܪܒܐ ‎μϑᾶλο‏
‎ass‏ ܘܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ ܕܠܥܠ ܡܝܢ ܘܠܫܘܚܬܐ. ܘܒܡܣܟܢܘܬܐ ܬܘܒ ܬܡܝܪܘܬ| ‎Jeson‏
‎asso‏ ܟܕ ‎Laco Liss + JL.‏ ܕܫܒ̈ܛܐ ܠܬܪ̈ܝܢ ‎Jon ame‏ ܘܡܢ ‎HAS‏
‏ܣܘܢܩܢܐ ܠܠܒܘܟܗܼ ܘܠܬܟܣܝܗ ‎.Joct CM ' Jas)‏ ܘܟܕ ܛܒ ܒܕܘܡܐ ‎Jiotso‏
‏ܘܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܐܡܝܥܢܬܐ.. ܘܐܦ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܣܪܓܝܣ ܬܥܡ ܗܘܐ ‎où‏ ܘܡܫܬܘܬܦ. ܡܢ
ܡܫܘܚܬܐܼ ܕܚܢ ܕܦܠܕܝܗ ܘܩܫܝܘܬ ܕܘܒܪ̈ܘܗܝ܂ ܛܒ ‎sjeot uu)‏ ܡܛܠ ܥܢܫܝܢܐ
ܕܡܝܢ ‎RL) "μιᾷ‏ ܗܘܘ ‎“ol‏ ܘܡܬܬܒܥ ܗܘܐ ܕܢܡܠܠ ܥܡܝܗܘܢ. ܛܘܒܢܐ
ܕܝܢ ܝܥܩܘܒ ܡܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܠܓܡܪ ܡܫܬܢ ܐܠ ‎Jon‏ + ܥܡ ‎ca‏ ܕܐܦ ܕܢܬܚܝܼܙܐ ܗܘܐ

‎summoned him together with the blessed Sergius whom we mentioned
above', who also attained the honour of the high-priesthood through the
blessed James, with him first to go up to the royal city on account of the
faith?. And, when they had been received with great honour by the belie-
ving queen, and she had given them also a house and the rest of what they
needed, thenceforth the blessed James dwelt alone in a little cell, in great
retirement and arduous labours, and asccticism beyond measure, and in
extraordinary poverty moreover in mode of life and in clothing, since he
would eut one thick and ugly cloak of withes (?) into two, and out of its
halves make what was required for his clothingand his scanty covering", and,
though the blessed Sergius also as well did as he did aud associated himself
witli him in fasting and. vigil and constant recitation of service, yet he fell
very far short of the standard of his retirement and his severe practices, on
account of the communications brouglit by many who used to come to them
and with whom he was required to speak; but tho blessed James entirely
refused to take part in these things, and refused also to appear during the

‎1. P. 487. — 2. Aecording lo the spurions life (see. Appendix) for a conference with tlie Chalce-
donians; hut, if he became a bp. in 542 (ch. 50) and lived 15 yrs in CP., he must have come in 527,
which is before the time of the conferences. — 3. Seo p. 319, n. 2. The meaning may also be that

‎he used half for elothing and half for a nlght-covering. From this attire ho gol the nickname ‘Burd-
*aya' or * Durd'ana' (the man of the patchwork garment); cf. p. 423.

‎* 116 v? a.
