‎LIVES OF MARI, SERGIUS, AND DANIEL. 657‏ ]455[
ܕܐܼܦ ‎où‏ ܪܕܝܦܘܬܐ ‎ao "ας‏ ܗܘܐ. ‎où‏ ܕܐܦ ‎à‏ ܠܡܕܝܢܬ ‎Ni Jlaise‏
ܗܘܐ. ܘܒܬܪܟܢ ܪܗܛܗ ܗܪܟܐ ‎Has Kiss‏ ܥܠܡܟ܀ :ܛܝܘܒ ܢܝܐ ܕܝܢ ܗܢܐ
‎ma eco‏ ܪܝܥܕܝܪܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ ‎ολο‏ ܕܒܝܬ ܡܪܝ ‎exu‏
‏ܒܫܘܠܛܢܐ ‎JR so pel‏ ܘܬܘܒ ܛܦ ‎Jer . Kobus σα‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ° ‎Joa‏
‏ܕܕܝܪܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ ܕܡܫ̈ܝܟܐ 5.59[ ܕܕܘ̈ܦܬܫܐ. ܕܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܐܝܟ ܚܕܐ ܡܛܘܠ ܣܘܢܩܢܐ
ܕܥܘܡܕ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܠܗܪܟܐ܂ ܥܬܡܕܝܢܬ ‎νο σα ον‏ ܗܘܘ. ܟܕ ‎Kms‏ ܗܘܘ ܘܐܦ
‎aset‏ | ܒܕܘܒܪ̈ܐ ‎jai)‏ ܕܡܝܬܪܘܬܐ܂ ܘܥܡ̈ܬܐ ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ. ܘܟܕ ܥܠ ܥܝܘܕܪܢܐ ܐܢܝܐ
ܕܥܘܡܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ‎Lim‏ ܗܘܘ ܢ. ‎pri‏ ܠܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܡܝܢ ‎où ou‏ ܡܕܡ ܕܛܟ ܠܐ
‎o Seo]‏ ܗܘܘ ‎οὐδ Cos οι‏ ܕܝܢ ‎ο‏ ܕܥܘܢܕܢܐ ܚܕ ܒܬܪ ‎Joss pe‏
ܝܘ̈ܡܝܝܢ. ‎aan lo‏ ܒܪܘ 3 ܒܕܘܟܬܐ ‎Jiaso Ras;‏ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ ‎Ls» Je‏
‎Lis κο Lx] Lisa,‏ ܘܥܠܡܝ̈ܐ ܐܢܫܐ ܡܫܬܪ̈ܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ܕܠܐ ܪܫܝܕܡܝܝܢ..
‎ET‏ ܕܘܟܬܐ ‎aw seul‏ ܦܓܕ̈ܝܗܘܢ. ܕܐܠܗܐ ܒܝܚܕ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ ܥܡ ܕܟܠܗܘܢ ‎Iro‏
‏ܠܟܠܝܢ ܥܡܗܘܢ ‎Jass‏ ܠܫܘܒܩܢܐ ܕܚܛܛܗ̈ܐ. ܘܠܥܘܡܪܐ ܗܢܐ ‎JA Wale)‏

‎1. Ms. ‏ܗܢܘܢ‎ — 2, Ms. willi stop following. — 3. Ms. 999.

‎much persecution; who also in the persecution came 1o the same royal
citv, and afterwards ended his course here in the royal city.

‎This blessed Sergius was archimandrite of the convent called that of the
house of Mar Gyln, in the territory of the city of Xmida; and moreover the
hlessed Dauiel also was archimandrite of the monastery called that of the
iu the district of Sophanene ; both of whom together came up hither
to the roval city for the sake of the needs ol their convents, they also too
being famous for devout practices of excellence and monastic labours. And,
while they were trusting to human assistance for their convents, something
which they had perhaps not expected so quickly suddenly overtook them
both, that is the consummation of death, one after the other, in twenty days:
and they were laid in the place of sepulture of this convent, together with

‎mivk''

‎all the other many blessed inen, monks and laymen, many excellent men
who are not recorded, whose bodies were interred in the same place; through
whose pravers with those of all the saints may God grant us all forgiveness

‎]. V. D. and L. render * Tabernaculoruni', and would therefore apps, read Hissses.
‏ܡܚ‎ .

‎* [06 r° b.
