200 JOHN OF EPHESUS. Μο

‎daas οὖν‏ ܠܝ 0550 ܒܓܢܬܐ ܡܬ ܟܪܡ ܗܘܝܬ܆. ‎Roû [jo‏ ܐܝ̈ܠܢܐ. ‎Ve]‏ ܠܗ
ܪܝܫ ܕܚܪܐ. ܐܦ ܐܢܐ ܝܕܥ ‎bb‏ ܕܬܚܙܐ ܐܝ̈ܠܢܐ ܕܓܢܬܐ ‎ss‏ ܐܢܬ ܐܒܐ. —
‎res‏ ܐܝܟ ܡܿܢ ‎se‏ ܡܢ ‎es‏ ܕܢܬܬܢܝܝܝ ܩܝܕܡ ܥܕܢܐ ‎dax‏ ܒܝܪܚܕܡܬ
ܚܘܒܐ ܐܝܟ ܠܝܝܕܐ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܢܦܠ ܥܠ ܐܸܦܘ̈ܗܝ ܘܡܦܝܣ ܗܘܐ܂ ܘܐܡܿܪ. ‎Ka‏

‏ܕܣܓܝ ܘܝܩ ܗܽܘܝܬ ܐܬܡܠܝ: ° ܘܠܒܪ ܡܢ ‎Lana.)‏ ܠܥܣܬ ‎Ka lo . lLaso,s‏ .+
ܒܐܣܛܘܡܟܝ. ܐܠܐ ܡܛܠ ܐܠܗܐ ‎wass‏ ܠܝ ܕܐܓܪ ܥܡ ܕܒܝܬ ܡܪܝ . ܕܬܬܦܫܪ
ܡܐܟܘܠܬܝ ܩܕܡܝܬܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܐܬܬܢܝܝܝ ‎C penes‏ ܐܠܼܨܗ ܘܠܐ ܐܬܛܦܝܣ..
ܫܒܩܗ ܙܢܣܥܘܪ ܐܝܟ ‎y‏ ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ ‎r°‏ ܬܫܡܫܬܐ ‎Ras‏ . ܠܓܘܢܫܐ
ܗܳܝ ܕܡܢ ‎OW] euro‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܟܕ ܦܪ̈ܝܣܢ ܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ܠܫܡܝܐ ܒܛܘܦܣܐ ‎Hp‏
‎Εἰς‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܒܟܬܐ ܘܐܡܿܪ. ‎ars‏ ܡܪܝ ‎nami,‏ ܕܚܠܦܝ ‎Lie‏ ܢܦܝܚܣܟ. ‎JL‏
‎JE y‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܟܦܝܥܝܢ ܥܠ ܓܢܣܝܢ. ܛܠܘܡܐ ܐܢܐ ‎ex‏ ܘܡܪܓܪܙܢܐ.

‏ܒܒܥܘ ܬܐ 35233 ‎axss‏ 150 ܡܪܝ ‎J|‏ ܬܫܒܘܩܚܢܚ. ܦܪܘܩܝܢܝ ܡܪܝ ‎lllo‏

‏ܥܕ ܠܐ ܙܠ ‎bl‏ ܘܬܘܒ ‎Jl‏ ܐܝܬܝ , ܦܪܘܩ ‎v‏ ܡܢ ‎oor Jan‏ ܡܪܝܐ ܐܠܗܝ. ܒܝ

‎1. ^ erased. — 2. Ms. om. slop.

‎« l'orgive me, sir... [was going round the garden and seeing the trees ».
The arehimandrite says to him: « | also know thal you desire Lo see the
trees of the garden, father » Then with the usual kindness he bade him,
inasmuch as he was worn out with labour, go to rest before the vesper hour.
But he fell on his face and continued. entrealing and saving : « Because 1
was greatly worn out yesterday, ] both ate inordinately last night and
caused a pain in mv stomach (στόμχγος)ι but [or God's sake allow me to
wait with ihe houseworkers, in. order that my previous food may
digest itself, and so wo to rest with them ». And, when he had pressed
him strongly and he would not give wav, he allowed him to do as he
wished. And the blessed man, when the service was over, went to the
corner γωνία) where he had been belore; and so with his hands stretched
out to heaven in tlie form (τύπος) of a cross he continued erying with tears
and saving : « Who is there, my Lord, who is sufficient to entreat thee
for me the sinner, except thy great mercy that is poured out upon our
race (qévx)? I am ungratefal, my Lord, and a provoker. Come, 1 pray, to
mv aid. Abandon me not, | pray tliee, my Lord. Save me, my Lord,
and let me be at peace, before | go and am no more. Save my life from

‎the corruption of my sins, Lord my God. ‘Be pleased, Lord, to deliver me''

‎1. Ps, XL, 14.
