1887] OF A MONK WIIO STOLE. 580

ܬ

‎fa)‏ ܕܒܪܘܬܬܐ ‎Jesse‏ ܘܬܫܢܝܩܐ ܠܥܥܡ ܥܠܡܝܢ ‎xA JI‏ ܘܠܐ ܛܠܝܩܝܢ. ܟܢ
ܕܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܠܝܡ ܡܢ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ‎μὲ Malis ko Qo] oM‏ ܘܟ̈ܬܒܐ

‏ܘܣܗ̈ܕܐ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܟܕ ܛܒܕܫܝܥܝܢ.. ܘܐܬ݀ܝܬ ܟܕ ‎b] Loos‏ . ܘܗܐ ܝܬܝܒ ܐܢܐ ‎Ho‏
‏ܠܕ ܡܟܫܬܟܚܝܢ ‎GM‏ ܘܬܝ ܧܣܘܬܐ. ‎«Soto‏ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܥܠ ‎où ones‏ ܐܚܐ ‎où‏ ܡܢ
ܦܘܡܗ. ܒܡܘܟܟܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܘܒܕ̈ܡܥܐ ‎Joss‏ ܩܕܡܝܚ ܬܢܐ ܗܘܐ. ܡܛܠ ܕܟܕ ܒܕ̈ܘܟܝܬܐ
ܡܬ ܟܪܡ ‎oo‏ ܕܡܢ ܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ ‎yr‏ ܐܫܟܚܕܬܗ ܒܕܝܪܐ ܚܕܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ ‎Jin Est‏
ܒܥܨܒܪܐ ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ܡܝܪܝ ܡܐܢܐ. ܕܡܬܩܪܐ܂ ܡܕܒܪܐ ܕܡܝܢܕܝܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎le] op‏
ܠܩܘܟܒܠܗ. ܘܘܬܐܠܬ ܥܠܡܗܼ ܟܕ ܐܐ ° ‎wa‏ ܘܝܬ ܒܐܝܠܝܢ ‎«9ο ooo Ae‏
ܗܘܐ .. ‎xo‏ ܘܕܘܼܐ. ܘܟܕ ܥܠ ܐܒܠܗ ‎ολο.‏ ܐܝܬܐܒ ‎(KO‏ ܢܦܢܗ ܘܒܕܩ
ܥܠ ܣܘܪܚܢܗ. ܠܦܐ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܥܠ ‎vt‏ ܕܪܥܠܡܬ. ܘܟܕ ܫܡܥܬ ‎Lil‏
‎oa Lao) sas‏ ܕܓܒܪܐ. ܘܠܝܒܝܒܬܗ ܟܕ ܐܡܪܬ ܠܗ. ܕܪܒ ܤܣܝܘܥܪܢܟ܂ ܘܕܬܗܪܐ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ܆. ܕܗܟܢܐ ܚܠܦ ܐܣܝܘܬܐ ܕܢܦܥܝܟ ܐܡܝܼܣܪܬ ܥܠ ‎Jos‏ ܘܩܬܒܝܠܬ ܥܠܟ

‎eternal torment, where shame and reproach and torment are not finished
and brought to an end for ever ind ever?” When these words had been
spoken to me by many men, I rose and left all the uteusils and the books
and the martyrs under seal, and 1 eame in shame; and lo! 1 am settled
here till intereessors are found for me ». All these things about himself
that brother was relating by word of mouth in my presence with great
humility and copious tears; since, while 1 was going round the districts to
be blessed by the saints, 1 found him in a monastery called that of father
Andrew', on the farther side? where the holy Mar Menas? is, whieh is
ealled the desert of Mendia'; and, when I saw him, I was astomshed in
his presence, and 1 greeted him, having no knowledge of what had happened;
and lieon his side was bowed down, and was melancholy and wretched. And
on my inquiring of him about his sorrow he sat down and accused himself
and told the story of his crime at a leugth many times greater than what
| have put in writing. And, when 1 heard it, { admired the man's penitenee ;
and 1 eomforted hin. by saying to him : « You have done a great deed and
one that deserves admiration, in that lor the sake of your soul's healing
vou have despised shame?. and have taken upon yourself that, be it igno-

‎1. Andrew the soldier is ceommemoraled with Menas on 12 July 7v.D. and L.: see Acta Nanet., XXX,
p. 259). — 2. Sc. of tlie Nile. The meaning of * 1:2».5 in our author is as here given, not *exadversum
as v. D. and l. Zee p. 298, n. 2, and Dyakonov, p. 81. — 3. See p. 209, n. 2. — ^. See p. 190. —
ὃ. llebr., xti, 2.

‎* 87 (19 b.
