“si b.

^ NS y?

a.

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [376]‏ 378
‎οἱ‏ ܠܐ ‎Nass‏ ܬܙܒܢ܂ ‎οἱ‏ ܬܙܒܝܢ. ‎Lao‏ ܕܠܐ ܡܘܡ̈ܿܬܐ ܐܢ ܠܒܕ ܠܟ܂ ܣܒ . ܘܐܢ ܕܝܢ ܠܐ
ܨܠܐ ܥܠܝܢ܀ ܘܗܟܙܐ ܐܢܥܐ ܗܠܝܢ ‎Ne Js so‏ ܐܠܗܐ ̇ ܥܒܕܗܘܢ ‎ο...‏ ܗܘܘ .

‏ܟܕ ܚܕ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܬܪܙ̈ܬܝܢ ܘܬܠܬ ܫ̈ܢܝܢ.. ܒܚܡܫܐ ܚܡܫܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܢܬܐ ܕܝܢܪ̈ܐ ‎MOS‏
‏ܗܘܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎KO! She‏ ܕܦܠܬܚܝܢ ܥܡܗܘܢ.. ܕܟܠ ܕܠܒܕܝܢ ܐܠܗܐ ‎pé‏ 2 ܗܘܐ
ܒܐܝ̈ܕܝܗܘܢ.ْ ܒܕܘ ܠܗܘܢ ܥܣܪܐ ܥܣܪܐ. ܘܬܘܒ ܒܬܪ ‎Lac»‏ ܕܨܒܝܼܘ ܕܢܝܼܦܝܩܝܘܢ..
ܬܝܒܕܘ ܠܗܘܢ ܥܣܕ̈ܝܢ ܕܝܙܪ̈ܐ ܒܫܢܬܐ. ‎Mis‏ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ‎op‏ ܒܘܪܟܬܐ ܕܡܢ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ
ܒܐܝ̈ܕܝܗܘܢ ܡܬ ܦܪܢܣܐ ܗܘܐ ܆. ‎Ια jg SMS NM‏ ܠܕܒܕܘ ܠܗܘܢ.
ܕܒܠܚܘܕܼ܂ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ ‎ASIN‏ ܟܕ ܟܘܠ ‎eM. mU‏ ܒܐܝ̈ܕܝܗܘܢ. ܐܝܬ
ܗܘܐ || ܠܗܘܢ ܕܝܢ ‎[Lakes]‏ ܪܘܖ̈ܒܬܐ܂ ܕܛܒ. ܘܒܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܡܬܗْܦܟܝܢ
ܗܘܘ. ܗܼܢܘܢ ܕܝܢ ‎Let‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܡܝܬܪܐ: ܟܕ ‎bes ς ον Lacs‏ ܐܓܪܐ ܡܿܠܝܘ:
ܘܙܢܝܼܬ ܐܢܘܢ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܡܝܢ ܥܡܠܗܘܢ ܕܟܐܢܘܬܐ܂. ܐܬܚܫܒܘ ܒܝܢܬܗܘܢ ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪܝܢ..
ܕܦܩܝܝ ܗܘ ܠܢ ‎Ki)‏ ܐܬܙܠ ‎Sd‏ ܒܫܘܠܛܝܢ ܢܦܝܢ ܡܝܢ ‎fact‏ ܡܢ ܗܢܐ
‎Jed‏ ܦܪܢܣܝܬܐ ܠܢ. . ‎Ds oon‏ ܠܢ ‎sna So‏ ܕܡܝܢ ‎où‏ ܡܝܕܡ ܕܝܗ̇ܒ
ܠܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܢܬܠ ‎ον‏ ܕܠܐ ܩܢܛܐ ܕܡܝܢ ‎Jod‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܠܐܬܪܗܘܢ ‎οὐδὲ‏ ܕܚܢ܂ ‎mo‏

‎to buy » (or « sell ») « whether you want or not? Now, if it suits you, take
it without oaths: and if not, pray for us ».

‎And thus these excellent men followed their employment in the fear of God,
each of them serving for two and throe years at the salary. of five or six
denarii. And, when those under whom they were employed saw that God
caused everything that they did to prosper in their hands, they appointed
them ten denarii; and again, after some years during which they had been
willing to travel, thev appointed them twenty denarii a year; and at last,
when they saw the blessing that grace brought about through them, they
appointed them thirty denarii a year, that they might remain with them only,
having committed to their hands all that was in their liouses; and they had
very large storehouses (ἀποθήκη), and they used to do business in many regions.
But these excellent brothers, when they had completed twenty years at this
salarv, and Grace fed them out of their honest labour, deliberated with one
another, saying, « It is better l'or us for the future to go and carry on business
ourselves on our own account out of that which Grace has provided for us;
that it may in be our power and choice to give to God out of that which he
gives us without fear of others. » And so after twenty years they returned to
