* 008 b.

* 91 r* a.

‎ου JOHN OF EPTESUS. [^02]‏
‎Liu]‏ ܗܟܢܐ ܗܢܐ ܟܠܗܐ ܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܕܟܠܗ ܝܘܡܐ ܒܟܠܗܿ ܗܿܝ ܣܝܟܘܬܐ ‎Rares‏
‎Joo "νάνο oot‏ ܟܕ ܐܦ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܡܟܝܠ ‎opas‏ ܒܩܠܝܝܬܐ ܥܡܿܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܘܠܐ
‎ca sis‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܠܡܫܡܬܘ ‎οἱ‏ ܠܗ ܐܘ ܠܐܚܪܝܢ. ܐܠܐ ° ‎oo‏ ܠܗܘܢ .656 ‎Jon‏
‏ܟܢ ܒܢܝܢ ܣܓ̈ܝܐ ܢ ܒܟ ܘܠ ܒܝܘ ‎JN ass‏ ܕܬܬܒܥܐ ܗܘܐ .. ‎οοι‏ ܡܢ ‎Jioks‏
‏ܩܬܐܡ ‎fox‏ ܘܡܫܡܡܬܐ.. ܘܕܪܒܐ ‎ye S], «Jio so JL moo‏ ܬܦܝܐ ‎JLsa,‏
‏ܟܘܠܗܘܢ ‎[Aa‏ ܗܼܘ ‎X'Lo‏ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܿܡܒܫܠ܂ ‎fi‏ ܩܘܛܥܐ. ܟܕ ‎jam‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ
ܢܡܘܣܐ܂ ܗܟܬܐ. ܕܡܚܝܕܐ ܕܬܫܡܫܬܐ 3 ‎ENS‏ ܡܝܥܡܝܢܣ ܗܘܘ ‎[μὰ‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܐܝܠܝܢ
ܕܥܡܗ ‎LULU‏ ܕܦܓܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ,. ‎ooo‏ ܠܒܝܬܐ ܡܝܓܪܝܘܢ ‎p‏ ܗܘܐ. ‎ooo‏ ܡܿܒܫܪܐ ܗܘܐ
ܘܡܒܥܠ ܡܛܠ ܡܣܿܟܢܐ ܕܡܿܥܩܕܡܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܨܝܒܒܝܢ., ܥܕܡܐ ܠܨܦܪܐ . ܘܚܡܠ
ܗܘܐ ܘܡܬ ,ܩܝܢ. ‎τς‏ ܢܦܩ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܥܝܪ ܠܗܘܢ.. ‎«X90‏ ܠܬܫܝܡܫܬܐ ܕܨܦܪܐ.
ܘܥܡ ‎wu :,)Ἀκνακὴ άλας‏ ܗܘܘ ܦܬܘܖ̈ܐ ܘܠܓܘܼ ‎so‏ ܬܘܒ ܕܝܢ ܐܝܟ
ܕܠܗܝܩ ܗܘܐ ܥܠ ܪܒܘܬ ܬܐܓܘܪܬܗ ܪܘܚܢܫܬܐ܂. ܠܐ ‎Al]‏ ܥܠ ܗܺܝ ܕܠܗܠܝܢ
‎LS lo e‏ ܢܫܡܫ. ܐܠܐ ܐܝܬܝ ܠܗ ܣܡܝܐ ܐܪ̈ܒܥܐ.. ܘܣܡ ܐ ܐܢܘܢ ܒܩܠܝܬܗ
ܥܠ ܦܬܘܪܗ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܠܝܬܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܠܚ ܙܝܗ.. ܐܠܐ ܐܢ ‎RSR?‏ ܘܣ݀ܐܡ ܒܦܘܡܗܘܢ

‎1. Ms, Das. — 2, Ms, sou. ος 3, Corr. from «λαο,

‎old age used himself to perform all the service of the whole day, though
many were then living with him in the 0011, and he did not allow them to
wait either upon him or upon anyone, but he himself would wait upon them,
and often, whenever any necessary service was required, he would himself
rise from table, and fulfil it; and (a great thing which astonislies many) that"
he would actually himself staud before the cooking-stand everv day and
cook without tiring, having laid down tlie following law (νομος) for himself,
that, as soon as they had finished nocturns, he would disiniss his companions
to their bodilv rest, and would himself direet his steps to the kitchen, aud
himsclf begin and cook until moruiug on account of the poor people who were
in the habit of coming early, and would put tlie food together, and make it readv ;
and so he would go out and wake them, and tliey* would rise to matins; and
as soon as the service was finislied they would place tables both within and
without. Moreover, as if greedy for his great spiritual trade, he did not
stop at? waitiug on those who came and went, but he brought four blind
men, and placed them in his cell at his table; and tlienceforth he was not
to be seen except distributing the food and placing it in the mouth of each

‎1. Mje syr. — 2. Ke. the monks, — 3, This must be the meaning of ‏ܐܬܦܠܝ ܥܠ‎ The lexicons du nol

‎give the phrase.
