* ¢? (^ b.

618 JOIN OF EPIIESUS, [^16]

ܐܐ ‎Lj‏ ܘܡܬܬܪ̈ܣܝܢܐ ܗܘܝܢ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎el‏ ܥܠ ‎RSS Lois‏ ܘܣܝܼܗܕܢ. ܐܦ
ܓܝܪ ‎y οι. νδίο JIsl) JN 6l‏ ܗܥܝܢ ܣܝܥܪ ܗܘܐ ‎Lis, pA où‏
ܠܕܚܠܵܘܗܝ ܒܝܢܬܗܘܢ ܕܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ ܗܠܝܢ.. ‎où Lasaiss‏ ܩܕܝܫܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܚܕ ܡܟܝܠ
ܥܘܡܪܐ ܘܚܕ ‎Jus Jos‏ ܫܥܠܘܡܝܘܬܐ ܘܐܘܝܘܬܐ ܕܐܚܘܬܐ ܪܘܚܢܝܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ..
ܠܟܠܗܘܢ ܥܘܡܕ̈ܐ ‎Lao μ.ο‏ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ. ܘܚܕ ܦܘܪܢܣܐ. ܘܚܕܐ ܢܦܩܬܐ ܘܥܠܥܬܐ.
ܘܝܕ ܦܬܘܪܐ܂ ܘܚܕܐ ܬܫܡܥܬܐ. ܘܚܕܐ ܫܘܝܘܬܐ ‎Was‏ ܐܬܪ ܗܘܬ ‎AC‏ 1 ܟܕ ܥܣܙ̈ܝܢ

‎ss‏ ܕܡܢ ܚܡܫܝܢ ܚܡܫܝܢ ܓܒܕ̈ܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܚܕܐ ܚܒܝܟܝܢ ܗܘܘܼ ܘܦܠܚܝܢ. ܟܕ
ܒܠܚܘܕܙ ‎Jos‏ ܝܕܝܥܘܬܐ ܕܟܠ ܥܘܡܪܐ ܢܛܝܪܐ ‎ea‏ ܒܝܕ ‎-à‏ ܕܐܚܘܬܐ ܕܝܠܘ
ܝܕܝܥܐ ‎‘lon‏ ܘܕܒܘ̈ܬܗ ‎uio‏ ܕܝܪܗ ܘܟܗ̈ܢܘܗܝ. ܟܕ ܟܘܠܗܝܢ ܕܟܘܠܗܘܢ ܓܘܢܐܝܬ
ܡܬܦܕ̈ܢܣܢ ܗܘܺܝ܂. ܥܡ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܠܡܠܐ ܪ̈ܘܚܢܝܐ ܕܫܠܡܝܼܘܬܐ ܐܚܢܝܬܐ:. ‎ou‏ ܗܠܝܢ
ܕܡܢ ܠܥܠ ܪܡܙܢܐܝܬ 12935« ‎ο σον‏

‏ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܙܒܢܐ ܕܚܡܫ ܫܢ̈ܝܢ ‎au‏ ܒܗ ܒܥܘܡܪܐ ‎où‏ ܐܬܚܫܒܘ ܕܒܘܥܕܐ
ܘܩܪܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܗܘܦܪܟܝܐ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ ܐܡܕܝܬܐ ܢܥܡܪܘܢ.. ܟܕ ܛܒ ܡܢ ܥܠܬ ܪܕܘܦܝܐ..

‎but because we were cye-witnesses and partakers, so that we have also
recorded the truth of them and borne witness toit. But he who performs the
will of those who fear him worked other sueh marvellous signs among these
same saints of that holy community, and all these great holy eonvents had
also henceforth one convent and one rule in one concord and unity of the
spiritual brotherhood, and one administration, and one expenditure and
revenue, and one table, and one serviee, and they had one coalition
throughout, twenty servitors out of cach body of fifty men being combined
together to perform the duties', the separate character of cach convent being
preserved in this only, tlie faet that its own brotherliood was separate, and its
belongings and its arehimandrite and its priests, while all the affairs of them
all were administered in common, together with all the spiritual labours of
brotherly eoncord of the types which we have imperfectly recorded above in
few words.

‎When then they had completed a spaee of five years? in that convent,
they determined to take up their abode in the neighbourhood and vieinity
of their provinee (üragyix) * of Amida, though by reason of the persecution it

‎1. We should perhaps understand that there were usually 50 hebdomadarii in each monastery, and
that in the combined convent 20 out of each 30 were taken. — 2. 521-6, — 3. Often used by the Syrians
in place of ἐπαρχία.

