"oU rt b.

* 3 v? à.

612 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [110.

ܣܓܝ ܕܬܪ̈ܬܝܢ ‎ESS‏ ܐܢܫ ܡܶܢ ‎Ras‏ ܒܬܫܘܝܬܗ: ‎οἱ‏ ܟܕ ܠܐ ‎TS‏ ܥܠ
ܐܦܘ̈ܗܝ ܒܒܘܪܟܐ ‎son a jo‏ ܠܐ ‎«ολ‏ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܡܟܝܠ ܟܠܢܫ ܒܚܒܪܗ
‎Jem.‏ ܗܘܐ ‎He‏ ܘܟܕ ܛܒ ‎Lm‏ ܒܟܝܢܗ ܩܛܛܘܠܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܘܡܘܒܕܢܐ.. ܬܡܢ
‎Ji Jon.‏ ܘ݀ܛܒܪ܂ ‎Liolo‏ ܡܬܚܚܼܙܐ ܗܘܐ. ‎μόι‏ ܕܥܣܩܐ ܗܝ ܕܬܬܗܝܡܢ ‎ράσα‏
‎ασ...)‏ ܡܬܘܡ ܛܒܐ ‎Jo.‏ ܟܕ ܓܝܪ ܟܠܢܫ ܠܚܒܪܗ ‎Je‏ ܗܘܐ ‎qe £M‏
ܘܐܡܝܢ ‎μον‏ ܘܒܘܪܟܐ ܘܚܫܐ ܕܕܡ̈ܥܐ: ܒܡܬܚܐ ‎lem.‏ ܠܠܝܐ ܘܐܝܡܡܐ:
‎Hilo‏ ܕܣܕܝܪܝܢ ܘܩܚܝܡܝܢ ܒܩܘ̈ܡܐ.. ܘܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ ܕܠܐ̱ܣܝ̈ܐ ‎edo‏ ܦܓܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܠܠܝܐ
‎οντως‏ ܕܟܪܡܐ ܒܬܛܠܚܠܐ ܕܒܝܬܐܼ ܪܡܿܝܢ ܗܘܘ:
ܘܢܦܫܗܘܢ ܒܗܘܢ ‎o5‏ ܠܠܝܐ ‎LL‏ ܗܘܘ ܘܩܬܝܡܝܢ: ܟܕ ‎«gola a Nul‏ ܪܝܢ
ܗܘܘ ܠܗܘܢ: ‎Itl‏ ܕܝܢ ܕܥܠ ܡܘ̈ܬܐܒܐ ܝܬܒܝܢ ܗܘܗ ‎«oo Se‏ ܠܓܡܪ ܠܐ ‎LS‏
‏ܗܘܘ: ܣܟ̈ܐ ܘܥܠܝܡܐ ܘܚܝ̈ܠܬܢܐ ܘܡ̈ܿܚܝܐܐ܂. ܕܗܟܢܐ ܕܐܦܢ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ‎Nu:‏
‏ܘܬܡܝܗ ܘܡܗܡܝܢ ܘܚܕܲܒܢܝܢ.܂ْ ܒܚܙܬܐ ‎JR».‏ ܗܥܝܢ ‎ΟΝ Ομ‏ ܘܢܬܬܥܝܼܚܪ ܘܢܬ ‎ao‏
‏ܐܝܟ ܕܡܢ ܫܢܬܐ ° ܥܡܝܩܬܐ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ‎σου Me ass‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܫܡܝ̈ܢܐ.

I. » ins. later, perh. in later hand. — 2. Ms. δέος corr. v. D. and L. — 3. Ms. 02

hour of the night or at latest the second' no mau in full health was to be
found on his rug, or not lying on his face with genuflexion and tearful
prayer, everyone thenceforth emulating aud rivalling his neighbour ; and,
though emulation isin its nature a deadly aud destructive thing, there an emu-
lation was seen that is beautiful and good and souud, a thing that it is
difficult for hearers to believe, that emulation ever was a good thing; for,
when everyone saw his neighbour active and eager and constant for prayer
and genuflexion and tearful sorrow for the space of a whole night and day,
and others ranged in rows and standing on standing-posts, and others who
had fastened their bodies to the walls all the night without standing-posis,
and others who were tied to the ceiling of the room by ropes and vine-
branches, and were suspending theinselves by them in a standing posture
all night, having put them under their armpits, and others who were sitting
on seats and never falling on their side, old and youug and strong and weak, *
and that to so great an extent that, even if there were a man who was idle
and stolid and careless and lazy, he would be incited by the sight of these
labours, and awake with astonishinent as from deep sleep, and would thence-
forth labour, and emulate these lieavenly practices, while I also tlie wretehed

1. See p. 204, n. 1. As they had supper after vespers (p. 251), 7 and 8 P. M. can hardly be meant.
» 3. Our author forgets how he began 1his long sentence and completes the sense in another way.
