‎LIVES OK ÉLHAI AND THEODORE. 585‏ ]383[
ܗܘܐ. ܕܗܟܢܐ ܐܢܢܝܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܬܕܡܘܪܬܐ܂. ܡ̈ܡܘܒܠܐܼ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܬܐ ܒܪܚܡܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܬܐܓܘܪܬܗܘܢ
‎Joe Was oes‏ ܡܢܕܪܝܢ 000 ܘܝܘ̈ܡܝ ‎(OO‏ ܒܕܘܒܪ̈ܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܦ
ܠܬܘܢܝܐ ܙܬܫܥܝܬܐܼ ‎lasse; Je Le M ese‏ ܕܫܡܝܐ܂ ‎ο‏
‏ܟܕ ܐܦ ܠܐ ܡܕܡ ܡܢ ܪܒܘܬܐ ܕܬܫܒܘܚܬܗܘܢ ‎Jis aus Los‏ ܕܝܝܢ ܘܐܦ
ܟܠ ܕܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܙܒܠܢܘ.. ° ܕܪ̈ܬܗܘܢ ܘܦܪܟܐ ‎las;‏ ܥܠܡܢܝܬܐ ܕܩܕܬܚܝܢ
‎Lio Jimi CIS .,000‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܗܘܼܘ ܕܝܪ̈ܝܐ. ܟܕ ܛܘܒܢܐ ‎LAM‏
‎ses, λογο‏ ܐܣܟܡܐ ‎aa‏ ܡܢ ‎Hans‏ ܐܢܬܬܗ ܕܝܢ ܘܒܪܬܗܼ ܒܕܝܪܐ ܕܫܐ
ܕܒܫܘܠܛܛܢܐ ܕܡܒܘܓ ܬܥܡܝܢ ‎«Sola. xc‏ ܕܝܢ ܘܐܦ ܠܕ ‎foot‏ + ܕܐܝܬܝܙܘܿ
‎Nas‏ ܬܡܢܡ ܐ| ܘܫܒܥܝܢ ܘܬܡܡܠܢܐ,. ܒܪܘܢܙܝܛ ܐܬܪܐ ܕܐܘܪ̈ܛܝܐ ܚܝܢ ! ܘܠܒܫ̈ܟܢ ܕܝܪܐ

‎Amub Jos‏ ܘܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ ܒܣܝܒܘܬܐ ‎αλα»‏ ,. ܘܒܥܡܬܐ ܕܔܟܠܝܪܘܬ{܀

‏ܫܠܼܡܬ ܬܫܢܝܬܐ ܕܐܚ̈ܐ ܬܪ̈ܝܢ ܐܠܝܐ ܘܬܐܘܕܘܪܐ ܬܓܪܐ܀

‎1. Corr. from «4

‎the dress (σγΏμκ) of a secular trader without being known, and he was
making spiritual gaius. And so by the love of God whieh tliey showed in
their trade these admirable men would every day send great loads to heaven,
aud completed the days of their life in practices which it surpasses even
the power of words to describe, in love of the new life of the kingdom of
heaven, while we have not been competent to describe any part of the
greatness of their glory. But at last they even sold all that they had
also, their mansions and the rest of the worldlr goods that they possessed,
and distributed it among the poor and the monks; aud so they all became
mouks. The blessed Elijah had departed. from the world before taking tlie
habit (αιμα): but lis wife and daughter ended their Hives in ἃ women's
inonastery in tlie territory ol Mabbug'; and their sisters are even down to
the present time also, which is the year eight hundred and seventy-eight?,
living in Anzetene? the country of the Urtaye*, and they preside over a
monastery in the village of N'ns, and they are in extreme old age, aud
oecupied in labours of perfection.

‎The history of two brothers Elijah and Theodore the traders is ended.

‎1. Ilierapolis. — 9. 567. — 3. Syr. *Ianzit'. — ^. See p. 135, n. 2.

‎+ 86 r° a.
