* ‏ܕ ܙܬ‎ a,

× £ ‏ܡ‎ b.

HN JOTIX OI EPHESUS, [380]

ܗܕܐ ܟܕ ‎Ms.‏ ܘܚܝܼܙܬ ܕܚܦܝܛܛܚܢ ܠܡܼܪܗܛ ܒܐܘܪܚܐ ܕܙܕܝܩܘܬܐ.. ‎Mele Ris‏
ܪܗܼܛܐ܂ ܘܠܟܠܗܘܢ ‎Becr EU HESS‏ ܘܕܘܡܐ ‎Ha"; Jiotao‏ ܟܕ ܐܒ ܡܙܡܘܪܐ
‎«αν.‏ ܘܬܘܒ ܠܕܝܪܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܠܡܕܒܪܐ ܡܬ݀ܥܬܕܐ ܗܘܬ ܕܬܦܘܩ. ܗܘܼܘ ܠܗ̇ ܕܝܢ ‎Ja»‏
‏ܥܡ ‎His‏ ܚܕܐ. ܘܡܚܝܕܐ ‎less‏ ܗܘܬ ܕܝܪܝܬܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎«eec»‏ ܐܢܥܐ ܗܠܝܢ
ܡܝܬܪܐ܂ ܒܬܪ ܪ̈ܘܚܢܝܬܐ ‎«-αὐδι‏ ܗܘܘ. ‎SN «οἱ‏ ܘܐܢܢܩ̈ܘܣ ܕܐܦܘܩܪܝܣܝܣ
ܐܝܬܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܕܒܠܠܝܐ ‎PER‏ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܡܝܢ ܪܡܫܐ ‎Faso‏ ܗܘܐ
‎o sol soo‏ ܕܢܥܒܕ ‎Mas,‏ ܗܿܝ܂. ܟܕ ܫܐܠ ܗܘܐ ‎Locas‏ ܡܝܢ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܕܫܪܟܐ
ܕܢܦܝܣܘܢ ܚܠܦܘܗܝ ܠܡܪܝܐ. ܚܠܦ ܗܝ ܠܡ ܕܬܫܒܘܚܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܗܿܝ
ܕܡܛܠܬܗ̇ ܦܘܡܐ ‎Φου‏ ܠܝ ܘܠܫܢܐ ܡܒܛܠ ܐܢܐ . ‎ον‏ ܥܠܝ ‎“Jo loss‏
ܕܕܠܡܐ ܢܬܛܪܛܫ ܒܝ ‎Joe‏ ܟܣܝܐܝܬ ܒܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܣ݀ܥܪ ‎JL]‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎ωόι Jes‏
‎$c‏ ܗܘܐܼ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎pass‏ ܫܡܲܿܥܐ ܕܕܘܒܕ̈ܐ ܕܡܝܬܪܘܬܗܘܢ.. ܐܡܬܝ ܕܥܕܠܠ̈ܬܐ ܠܡܕܝܢܬ

ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ‎à οι NE‏ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ ܡܫܝ̣ܪܝܐ ‎Names eM‏ ܗܘܝܢ. ‎Mex‏ ܕܐܼܦ

1. Ms. «ὩΣ

wood woman shall be given to a man who leareth the Lord »'. For tliis
woman, when she came in and saw that they were bent on running im the
path of righteousuess, began and quickened the running, and passed them all,
in sorrow and tears and fasting and watching and prayers, while she also
learned the psalms by. heart; and she was further prepared to go out to
a monastery or to the desert. And she had sons born to her beside one
daughter; aud she at once made her a nun. And so all these excellent
persons ran after spiritual things. But, il il happened that cases of
neeessitv (Zv£yazc) arose for them to make an answer (ἀπόκρισις) to a call
during the uight, one of tiem would be chosen and appointed the evening
before to perform that oflice, while he would make entreaty and request all
the others to entreat the Lord lor him *because 1 am neglecting the praise of
God, for the sake of which he gave me a mouth and a tonguc*. — Pray for ine
that God may preserve me, lest ἃ stain of sin be secretly formed? in me
through the things that 1 am doing’; and thus he would carry out that office ;
so that on account of the fame of their excellent mode of life, when occasions
called us to the royal city ', we used to make our lodging with them, and it
might happen that we even passed several days in their house both on the

1. gir, XXVI, 3. — 2. Cf, p. 229. — 3. bibl is not elsewhere known in this sense, bul means ‘was
-lained' with rel to the object stained. — 4. 535 and 250; see Introd., p. 1v, v.
