* ο v* ‏.ܐ‎

* 0 v^ b.

616 JOHN OF. EPHESUS. [414]

ܕܚܝ̈ܝܗܘܢ.. ‎où‏ ܡܕܡ ܕܡܛܝܒ ܗܘܐ ܠܢ ܐܝܟ ܥܝܕܐ܂ ܢܦܝܼܩ. ܘܩܠܝܠ ‎ka‏
‎ads‏ ܡܢܢ ܩܠܝܠ ܒܘܪܟܬܐ܂ ° ܒܬܘܕܝܬܐ ܢܩܒܠ ‎das Jo‏ ܢܟܬܪ. ‎hes‏
‏ܦܘܪܥܢܐ܂ ܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ ‎οὖς Jo‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ܂ ܟܠ ܐܢܫ ܩܒܝܠ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܡܝܢ ‎Has)‏
‏ܐܬܐܡܪܬ. ܘܐܘܕܚܘ܂ ܘܚܼܬܒܘ ܠܛܥܘܡܐ ܙܥܘܪܐ ܕܐܬܬܤܣܝܡ ܥܠ ‎«οἱ‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܠ
ܐܢܫ ܢܣܝܼܒܪ. ܕܡܕܡ ‎χο]‏ ܒܦܘܡܗ ܚܕܐ ܙܒܢܬܐ܂ ܐܘ ‎LL‏ ܢܡܛܚܘܗܝ. ܘܟܕ
ܐܟܠܘ ‎axsmo‏ ܟܘܠ ‎οἱ‏ ܐܫܬܟܚܘ ܦܬܘܖ̈ܐ ܟܕ ܡܠܝܢ ܠܚܡܐ ܫܦܝܥܐܝܬ..
ܝܬܝܪ ܡܢ ܕܟܠ ܝܘܡ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎où [sas‏ ܪܒܐ: ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ‎Re ei)‏ ܐܡܪܢܢ
‎pps }}‏ ܡܢ ܚܢ ܐܠܦܐ܂ ܣܒܕܥ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܬܕܡܘܪܬܐ ܗܕܐ ܟܕ ‎ ο‏ ܐܸܬܚܪܕܝܬ:
ܘܟܠ ܐܢܫ ܒܗ ܐܬܒܝܢ.. ‎ais‏ ܬܡܗܘ ܘܬܘܗܘܼ ܘܐܬܬܙܝܥܘ. ܘܩܡܝܬ ‎μα. e»‏
ܥܠܝܗܘܢ ‎fole,‏ ܥܡ ܟܠܗ ܣܝܒܘܬܐ ܐܕܪ̈ܝܫܝ ‎ο‏ ܘܩܥܝܢ ܩܘܪܝܠܝܣܘܢ
ܒܕܚܥܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ ܙܒܢ̈ܝܚܢ ܣܓܺܝܐܢ. ܒܕ̈ܡܥܐ ܣܓܺܝܐܬܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎ve Lio e‏
ܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ܂. ܒܣܓ̈ܝܐܬܐ ‎(ass‏ ܠܘܬ ܐܚܘܬܐ ‎aus‏ ܟܕ ܐܡܪܝܢ. ‎"wi en. Jon‏
ܚܣܝܪܘܬ ܗܝܡܢܘܡܘܐܢ ܘܛܠܘܡܘܬܢ ° ܕܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܒܟܘܠ ܥܕܢ. ܕܟܕ ܗܼܘ ܒܟܠܙܒܢ

ܒܕ̈ܚܡܘܗܝ ‎uM ED‏ ܘܡܚܘܐ ܒܛܝܠܘܬܗ ܕܥܠܝܢ.. ܝܢܢ ‎vj‏ ܗܘܝܢ ‎DNS‏

1, Ms. Ἀγ. — 2, Ms. om. ο fin. — 3. In erasure.

for us according to custom was brought out, and little remained over. Let
each of us receive a little present" with thanksgiving and continue without
murmuring, for thus he will have a recompense from God ». And so everyone
accepted the words that were spoken by the fathors; and they gave thanks,
and sat down to the little food that was set upon the table, so that everyone
thought that something to put into his mouth would reach him once or twice.
And, when all had eaten and been satisfied, the tables were found to be full
of bread in abundance, more than every day, though that great number of
men, which as we have often sald, was not less than one thousand, had been
satisfied; so that, when this miracle was suddenly seen, and all had observed
it, all marvelled and were astonished, and were excited. And the whole
brotherhood stood on the tables themselves together with all the old heads
of the convents, and they cry ' Kyrie eleeson'. with great awe many times,
with many tears ; insomuch that these holy old men addressed many words
to the brotherhood with emotion, saying; « Lo! see, our sons, our lack
of faith and our churlishness toward God at all times, that, while he in his
mercy is always visiting us, and showing his care for us, we wished to

1. Lit. *blessing'.
