‎LIFE OF MALKIA. 567‏ ]363[
ܡܪܝ ܐ ܠܡܦܨܝܘܬܢܚ' ܡܝܢ ܕܘܕ̈ܘܗܝ ܘܕܓܠܘܬܐ ܘܡܬܛܥܝܢܘܬܗ ܕܥܠܡܡܐ ܗܙ ܂. ܘܡܝܢ
ܟܠ ܕܒܗ. ܘܪܚܚܡ ܥܠܝ ܒܫܘܡ ܕܝܢܕܡ.. ܥܡ ‎fois‏ ܕܟܠܗܘܢ ̈ܡܢܝܚܢܝܟ. ܡܛܠ
‎y»‏ ܩܕܝܫܐ܆. ‎so‏ ܕܡܝܢ ܛܠܝܘܬܝ. ܘܟܕ ܗܘܢ | ‎RER‏ ܒܕ̈ܡܥܐ ܣܔܚܝ̈ܐܬܐ
‎I‏ ܗܘܐ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܗܽܘ: 1.3220 ܗܘܐ ‎RS,‏ ܒܬ̈ܚܙܫܐ ܕܩܪܝܒܝܢ ܐܘ ܚܙܝܢ ‎ol o‏
‎ges + pans‏ ܗܘܘ ‎ΟΝ οἱ ως in‏ ܘܦܡܥܝܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܩܠ
ܚ̈ܢܓܬܗ. ܘܬܗܪܝܢ ܒܚܢܗ ܘܒܕܡ̈̈ܥܘܗܝ ܕܩܕܡ ܐܠܗܐ. ܒܬܐܪ ܕܝܢ ‎JNS‏ ܝܘ̈ܡܝܢ:
ܟܕ ‎]/-ω‏ ܣܘܒܪ̈ܢܘܗܝ ܘܕܘܒܪ̈ܘܗܝ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ: ‎Mas, e]‏ ܡܪܝ ܘܗܼܢܘܢ ܚܦܝܨܛܝܢ
‎‘or‏ ܒܟܠܗ ܚܝܠܗܘܢ' ‎ο πο ο.‏ ܠܗ ܕܢܥܒܕ ܣܬܬܘܐ
ܒܘ ܒܥܘܡܪܐ. ܘܠܦܫܪܗ̇ ܕܫܢܬܐ܂. ܠܗܘܢ ܠܛܘܼܪ̈ܐ ‎hi3‏ ܗܘܐ. ܩܪܒ ܕܝܢ ܠܘܬ
ܪܝܥܕܝܪܐ ܘܐܡܪ ܠܗ. ‎μὲ»‏ ܡܢ ܡܪܝ.. ܡܛܠ ܡܚܝܠܘܬܐ ‎x‏ ܘܕܚܠܬܐ
ܕܣܬܘܐ ܘܕܩܘܪܫܐ. ܠܬܝܡܢܐ ‎ο‏ ܝܒ ܗܽܘܝܬ ܕܐ݈ܚܝܽܘܬ. ܘܡܛܠ ܕܛܟ ‎ins Ro‏
ܕܠܘܬܟܘܢ ܐܗܘܐ ‎Los‏ ܣܬܘܐ.. ܐܢ ‎murs‏ ܠܟܘܢ ‎be‏ ]ܬܪ ܐܢܐ ‎μοι Ίο.‏
ܠܘܬܟܘܢ. ‎«ὦ So NE‏ ܐܢܐ ܘܒܐ ‎ABO‏ ܠܢܝܣܢ ‎Lis‏ ܐܢܐ ‎MS")‏ ܓܪܒܝܐ. »"

‎1. Ms. with pointe. — 2. In marg. — 3. Ὁ leller added later. — ἀν. Stop follows in ms. — 5. 5.9 ‏ܗ‎
‎erased.

‎from the confusious and falseness and the deceitfulness of this world, aud
from all that is iu it; and have mercy upon me in the day of thy judgment,
with all the rest of thy servants, for the sake of thv holy Name, my trust
[rom mv boyhood ».  Wlile that blessed mau was thus mightily crviug
with many tears, and thought that there were no persons near or seeing
or hearing lim, some men were standing behind the wall, aud listening
to the sound of his sighs, and marvelling at his sorrow and tears before God.
After three days, when he had seen the doings and practices of the convent,
that even the very houseworkers also were eager to run with all their might
after practices of excellence, he made up his mind to pass tlie winter in the
same convent, and at the coming of the milder season to return to tlie saine
mountains. And he came to the archimandrite and said 10 him : € For my
part, sir, | intended on account of my bodily weakness and fear of the winter
and the cold to go down to tlie south; and, since perhaps our Lord sent me
to be with you this winter, if itis convenient to you 1 will stay with you this
winter; and, if so be | am alive and our Lord is willing, in Nisan' I will

‎l. April.

‎* 2258 1
