[401] LIFE OF SIMEON TIIE SCRIBE. 603

ܥܒܕܬܘܢ ‎Ke‏ ܕܛܒ ‎(Jo‏ ܕܒܝܫ. ܘܠܐ ‎ον λα‏
ܠܝܼܒܕܬܘܢ ̈ ܘܗܠܚܝܢ ‎Jem‏ ܗܢܐ ܫܪܝܪܐ ‎Lans .joC9‏ ܘܕܡ̈ܥܐ ܐܡܿܪ ‎Jo‏ 2
‎Ji‏ ܒܙܒܢ̈ܐ ܓܝܪ ܩܕܡܝܐ ܂. ܘܐܦ ‎ps ge‏ ܗܘܐ:. ܡܛܠ ܕܠܝܬ ܗܘܐ
‎où‏ ܚܫܚܬܐ ‎Baal,‏ ܠܫܦܝܥܘܐ ܨܒܝܢܗ. ‎His‏ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ‎Hg‏ ܠܗ ܫܢ̈ܫܐ: ܘܛܝܒܐ
ܕܕܘܒܚܙ̈ܘܗܝ ܒܟܘܠܪܘܿ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܡܬܡܠܠ ܗܘܐ: ܐܦ ܐܠܗܐ ‎Ji‏ ܚܝܘܒܝܗ ܡܥܕܪ
ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܣܘܢܩܢܗ ܫܦܝܥܐܝܬ.. ° [ܘܡ )ܟܝܠ ‎oo‏ ܣܒܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ [ܡ]ܬܦܪܣ ܗܘܐ .
ܕܠܘ ܒܠ ‎ja‏ ܥܠ ‎γω‏ ܛܘܦܣܗ ܕܪܝܫ ܐܒܪܘ̈ܬܐ ‎où‏ ܕܒܗ ܚܦܝܛ ܗܘܐ ‎Su [sys‏
‎Nue‏ ܐܠܐ ܥܠ ܣܓܺܝܐܐ ܡܢ ܕܝܠܗ.. ‎Lois‏ ܗܘܐ ܘܣܡܿܬܗ ‎dois‏ ܘܠܡܿܕܪܟܘ.
ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܥܡ ܚܘܒܐ ܘܚܘܝܚܘܬܐ ܘܪܚܡ̣ܡܬ ܐܟܝ̈ܣܢܝܐ ‎ato»‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܕܡܘܬܗ ܕܗܽܘ܂. ܠܐ
ܢܬ ܒܕ ܪ ‎Joa‏ ܘܐܦ ܠܐ ‎oon Jos‏ ܒܢܦܫܗ ܘܒܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ‎sans‏ ܗܘܐ ‎δα‏
‏ܬܦܟܠܫܬܐ. ܘܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܪܝܫ ܐܒ̈ܗܬܐ ܟܕ ܟܠܗ ‎où‏ ܥܡܐ ܕܥܒ̈ܕܐ ܘܡܠܬܡܠܦܢܐ ‎:]οοι Lio‏
ܟܕ ܚܝܼܙܐ ܠܗܠܝܢ ‎yh‏ ܐܟܣܢ̈ܝܐ ‎one‏ ܐܬܩܖܒܬܠܗ: ܠܐ ‎Las‏ ܠܐܚܪܢܐ ܕܢܪܗܼܛ ܠܒܩܪܐ
‎JA‏ ܠܓܠܐ : ܐܠܐ ‎Lisa, dot olasims οοι‏ ܕܒܘܪܟܬܐ ܗܼܘ ܢܗܘܐ ܘܠܘ

whether it be what is good or wliat is evil? Andhe said not ‘To vile and 6
men’, but ‘To me ye did it”. »

And these things this true bondman of God would say with sorrow aud
tears besides many others. But at first he was indeed actually in great
siruits, because he had not supplies suflicient for his abouuding willingness;
but at last, when lie had continued for several years, and the [ame of his
practices had been reported all over the οἷν, God also who had seen his love
used to send him what lie needed in abundance, and thenceforth the holy
old inan. would contrive not merely to plant lis foot in one footprint. (τύπος)
of the patriarch whom he was desirous of imitating and remain there, but
would' enlarge his sleps? to run and reach many of his footprints; so that,
besides the love and alacrity and hospitality which he possessed like him, in
this also as well he did not fall behind him, that he personally and with his
own hands performed all the service; aud, as the patriareh, when he pos-
sessed all that host of bondmen and servants, when he saw the men who
were received bv him as guests, did not order someone else to run to the
herd to fetch the calf, but rau. himself in his old age that he might be the
receiver of tlie blessing and not another, so this man with all that advaneed

l. Sic ‏ܥ‎ 9 — 2, PS AVI, 37.

* }()( \" a,
