ܙ )ܬ *

ܫܡܿܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܕܣܢܝܩܝܢ.. ° ‎“Des‏ ܗܘܘ ‎pas‏ ܡܘܗ̈ܒܬܗܘܢ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ‎ἄν‏

]578[ ܟ( :( ‎JOHN OF‏ ܥ

ܠܟܠ ܕܬܟܝܠܝܝܢ ܥܠܝܘܗܝ.. ܛܝܒܘܬܗ ‎Jon Jauss NM. MA‏ ܘܒܘܪܟܬܗܼ ‎Nas‏
‏ܕܥܒܕܝܢ ‎Lis‏ ܗܘܬ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܒܙܒܢܐ ‎Jiasy‏ ܠܥܘܬܪܐ ܪܒܐ ‎oll‏ ܟܕ ‎el‏ ܗܼܢܘܢ ܬ݀ܡܗܝܢ
ܗܘܘ ܘܡܬܕܡܪܝܢ. ܕܟܕ ‎as‏ ܥܕܢ ܡܿܠܒܕܪܝܢ ‎μα. «ο‏ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ.
ܘܡܟܝܠ )| ܕܚܝܘܒܝܗܘܢ ܘܕܙܕܩܠܬܗܘܢ ‎Nas‏ ܕܘܟ ‎aa,‏ ܗܘܐ ,. ܘܣܢܫ̈ܩܐ ܡܢ

ܟܠ ‎v1 «9o. aS is‏ ܗܘܘ. ܘܣܘ̈ܢܩܢܝܗܘܢ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܐܢܝܫ ܐܢܝܫ ‎CD‏
‏ܙܕܬܗ ܡܡܿܠܝܢ ܗܘܘ , ܘܬܘܒ ܗܼܢܘܢ ܠܣܥܘܪܘܬܐ ܕܪ̈ܕܚܦܐ ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܒܟܠ ܕܘܡ

ܝ

ܒܬܐܓܘܪܬܐ ‎aai] sas:‏ ܗܘܘ . ‎ὠόμϑο‏ ܪܘܚܢܝܬ| ܟܫܝܪܐܝܬ ‎᾿ΕΝ uso‏
ܒܥܝܪܘܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ ‎v6‏ ܗܘܘ. ‎Lil‏ 9( ܠܐܚ ܘܬܗܘܢ ‎oo oJ Sad‏ ܟܕ ܗܼܝ
ܥܠ ܬܐܓܘܪܬܐ ‎bus,‏ ܡܘܗ̈ܒܬܐ ܕܡܝܢ ܥܡܠܗܘܢ ܡܚܦܛܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗܝܢ.. ‎Sfr‏

‎vor “ani‏ ܗܕܐ ܥܠ ܫܪܟܐ ܕܕܘܒܪ̈ܝܗܝܢ ܢܘ̈ܣܦܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܟܠ ܐܢܫ ܐܝܟ ‎Jer‏ ܗܘܐ
ܠܓܒܗ ܝܗܿܒ ܗܘܐ . ܘܬܘܒ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ‎Pau‏ ܗܘܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎euh)‏ ܓܠܝܐܝܬ
‎Je‏ ܗܿܝ ܕܒܢܒܫܐ ‎Jeso]A]‏ ܡܬܐܬܡܠܝܐ ‎«οσοι‏ ܕܐܐܣܘܟ ܠܟܘܢ ܒܘܙ̈ܟܬܐ ܥܕܡܐ
ܕܬܐܡܪܘܢ ܟܕܘ. ܗܟܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܠܐ ܢܢܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܡܢ ܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܓܕܫܐ ‎lon‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ

‎1. Ms. ont — 2, Ms. ‏ܥܡܒܐܝܢ‎ — 3. Ms. ‏ܢܝܢ‎

‎who has not deserted and does not desert any who trust in him showed his
favour openly, and his blessing rested on all tliat they did. Απ thus in ἃ
short time they attained to great wealth, while even they themselves marvelled
and wondered how it was that, while they were always scattering it, it iu-
creased with them. And thenceforth the fame of their kindness aud of their
almsgiving went out everywhere, and ncedv persons from all quarters used to
come to them, and supply their needs from them for cach man laceording {ο
his due ; and moreover the visitation of 11:0 persecuted whom they heard to be
in need. everywhere they would console? through their gilts. And accord-
inglv they disregarded the worldly trade, and strenuouslv and carnestly
followed the spiritual one with great watchfulness, insomuch that they would
press the same npon their blessed sisters with regard to the trade carried
on through the gifts derived from their labour, that they also might add this
to the rest of their practices. And thus cach would on his part give as he
was able, and still it? increased the morc, so that in that place was mauifestly
fulfilled that which was said in the prophet, « 1 will pour blessings upon you
till ye shall say * Enough" »*.. "Thus therefore it happened to these men from

‎1. Ms. om. There is perh. further corruption in the sentence. — 2. Sic syr. — 3. Mal., 11, 10.
