[371] LIFE OF MALKIIA. 573

ܡܢܟܘܢ ܕܬܕܥܘܢ:. ܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܡܥܕܪܢܘܬܗ ܣܕܥܪ ܥܡܝ ܒܟܠܗܘܢ ܝܘ̈ܡܝ. ܝܘܡܢܐ
ܗܐ ܬܠܬܝܢ ܘܬܝ̈ܥ ܫܝ̈ܢܝܐ ܐܝܬܝ ‎hes‏ ܐܣܟܝܡܐ. ܒܛܘܼܪ̈ܐ ܘܒ ܡܥܕܪ̈ܐ ‎Aooso‏

‎Jis‏ ܘܡܢ ܟܕ ܐܣܟܝܡܐ ‎Nae J|. NS‏ ܥܡ ‎{νο‏ ܡܕܡ . ܠܐ ܢܕܦܩܬ
ܕܓܕܠܘܬܐ ܡܢ ܣܵ̈ܦܘܬܝ. ܠܐ ‎RSS‏ ܠܝܒ̈ܢܝܢܫܐ ‎οἱ Mss‏ ܐܚܝܬ ‎as]‏ ܠܐ ‎loo‏
‏ܡܠܬܝ ܐܠܐ ܐܝܟ ‎elt‏ ܡܪܢ. ܐܝܓ ܐܝܢ. ‎Ele‏ ܠܐ ܐܡܿܪܐ ܐܝܢ ܕܠܘ ܒܫܪܪܐ ܐܝܢ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ܂. ܘܠܐ ܬܘܒ ܠܐ. ܕܠܐ ܐܦ ‎μὰ où‏ ܠܐ ‎Max‏ ܡܕܡ ܕܠܫ ‎Lilo las‏
‎Mags José‏ ܥܠ ܐܠܗܝ ܒܛܘܪ̈ܟܦܝ ܘܒܐܘܠܕ ܢܝܚ ‎octo‏ ܣܪ ܪܗܕ ‎AN‏ ܗܢܐ ܙܒܢܐ
ܐܝܬ ܠܝ ‎làm‏ ܕܐܟܣܢܝܐ ܠܐ ‎ΝΣ‏ ܒܠܒ ܝ ܥܠ ܡܝܢ ܕܠܐ ܩܒܠܢܝܚ
‎le‏ ܠܐ ‎Sp»‏ ܠܝ ‎WIS SIL où‏ ܡܢ ‎edema) où‏ ܘܐܢܝܚܝܢܝ.
ܘܗܠܝܢ ܐܚܝ ܩܕܡܝܟܘܢ ܐܝܟ ܡܬܐ ܙܠܐܠܗܐ ‎RUE uo‏ ܡܛܘܠ ‎ρω‏
‏ܕܐܦ ܠܟܘܢ ܗܼܢܘܢ ‎μια‏ ܗܠܝܢ ‎ae‏ ܘܠܘ ܡܛܠ ‎us‏ ܬܬ ܕܡܘܢ.. ܐܠܐ ܟܠܢ
‎PEE‏ | ܐܠܗܢ ‎où‏ ܡܠ ܦܥ ܗܝܢ ܕܗܠܝܝܝܢ ‎ος Νο‏ ܡܛܠ ‎Rojas où‏

‎1. Ms. om, 55 — 2. Ms, Bub: corr. Noll.

‎any of vou ‏ܐ‎ knowing the things that he worked witli me by his help all
my days. It is to-day thirtv-nine years that | have worn this habit (sysipo).
ou mountains and in caves and among men; and, since I received the habit

‎(sy ux], 1 have not possessed aught beside Ghrist. No lie has come out of

‎my lips; | have not spoken evil words to men or reviled any man. My
speech has been naught but as our Lord said, *Yea. vea! aud * Nay, nay ''.
1 have not said * Yoa' unless it was in truth * Yea', nor yet * Nay' without it
also being true. | have not sought anything that would benefit me and harm
another. P liave not murmured against my God during my troubles and dis-
tresses and lie. himselt is my witness. "This is the time during which amid
the troubles of pilgrimage (Zev(z) 1 have not mnrmured in my licart against any
man who did not receive me and entertain me. ‘The man who reviled me
and drove me away was not treated. by me with less respect than the man
who hououred and entertained me. And these things, my brethren, 1 have
repeated before voa even as thev are manifest before God, because I saw that
these objects lie before you too, and not in order that you may intitate me,
but let us all imitate Christ our God the teacher of these things, because he
himself truly taught this humility in his person, and showed it to us. My

‎1. Matth., v, 37.

‎* 261 ¥".
