6 4° D.

‎ES JOUX OF. EPHESCS. [386]‏
ܗܠܥܝܢ ‎sy‏ | ܗܘܘ ܠܝ ܡܬܕܡܪܝܢ ܗܘܘܢ. ܘܕܢܐܠܦܘܢ ‎JA.‏ ܕܐܒܠܐ ܘܕܒܟܝܐ
ܕܝܠܝ ܚܦܝܛܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܗܿܝܙܝܢ ܥܡ ‎oo LE‏ ܘܬܡܡܗܘ. 150 ܠܗܘܢ.
‎νου‏ ܡܿܥܟܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܠܝܚ ܕܐܥܒܕ. ܡܛܠ !330 ܡܓܙܓ ‎ον‏ ܢܘܩ
‎ele SP Y‏ ܡܝܢ ‎“do Lie‏ ܕܕܓܠܘܢ ܒܝ ܘܓܪܓܘܢܝ ܥܠ ܣܘܪܚܢܐ ܗܢܐ.
ܘܗܢܘܢ ܥܡ ܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ ܗܠܝܢ ‎LAS‏ ܗܘܘ ܠܝ ܂. ܕܐܗܼܦܟ ‎μέσον JLo-sa‏ ܟܕ
‎«eel‏ ܗܘܘ ‎Νννὰς wh SAM‏ ܠܢ ܘܡܗܦܟ ܐܢܬ ܘܡܬܐܡܟܟ ܐܢܬ ܘܦܐ ܐܠ ܐܢܬ
‎bras‏ ܥܠ ܐܦܫ ܣܟܥܘܐܟ ܗܙܐ܂. ܘܐܠܗܐ ܡܪܚܡ ‎vs Ja] i129 GM.‏
‎olo Je»‏ ܗܢܘܢ ܡܪܚܡܝܢ ܠܠܟ ‎S vM» Slo JM ς 3ο‏ ܘܟܕ
ܥܡ ܥܨܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܫ . ‎Lh]‏ ܒܟܒܗܬܬܐ ‎νο Mo/s‏ ܚܕ ܗܽܘܝܬ܂. ܘܡܬܥܘܟܡ ܗܽܘܝܬ
ܡܢ ܕܗܕܐ ‎Sax‏ ܟܕ ܐܡܪ ܐܢܐ ܠܗܘܢ.. ܕܒܙܘ̈ܝܬܢ ܐܦܝ ‎Joy‏ ܐܥܒܕ. ܒܐܝܠܝܢ
ܓܝܪ ܐܦܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܒܐܝܢܐ ܟܪܘܡܝܐ.. ܐܘ ܒܐܝܢܝܐ ‎Las Mes‏ ܕܢܚܥܐ ‎ape‏ ܗܕܐ

‏ܠܡܥ ‎asso‏ ° ܐܡܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܝ ܓܝܪ ܠܡ ܗܢܘܢ ܛܘܒܢ̈ܐ܂. ܕܡܢܐ ܦܩ ܝܝ ܠܟ. ‎a.‏

‎Jean R42] [sion‏ ܘܒܙܘܬܬܐ ܥܒܘܪܬܐ: ܘܬܬܘܒ ܘܬܐܚܐ ܥܠ ܕܐܝܬ ܠܟ ‎το)‏ ܟܕ
ܬܘܒ ܬܢܝܝܝ ܠܢܔܦܬ̈ܬܐ ܕܐܟܐܒܬܐ ‎oùs οἱ xxl ἐμοὶ Ὁ‏ ܬܦܫܢܝܩܐ ܕܠܥܠܡ ܬܬܛܠܩ܆.

‎1. ‏ܠܡ‎ is here inserted, apps. in another hand. — 2. 1n crasure.

‎side was woeepiug for mvsell, my hearers were wondering, and were desirous
of learning the cause of tlie lamentation and wecping on my part. Then
| revealed it to them, and they marvelled. And 1 said to them : * What do
you advise me to do? because my meditation is inciling imme 10 strangle
invself and. perish out of this life, which deccived me and incited me to this
crime”. — And these saints advised me to return the stolen goods to their
owners, saying to me, ‘If vou listen to us and make restitution and humble
yourself and ask mercy for this your olfence, God will be mereiful to you
and men also will forgive vou: and even they themselves will be merciful
to vou and forgive vou, and will also make petition for vou”. And, while
they pressed me, 1 on my part was restrained by my shamefacedness and
hindered from doing this, saying to them : ‘My face 15 ashamed to do this.
With what face, or with what colour (χρῶμα), or with wliat brazen front can
this be carried out?" But tlie blessed men went on saying to me, * Whicli
is better for you, to endure reproach and transitory shame here, and repent
and live while you have opportunity, while you further relieve the souls to
which vou have given sorrow and bitterness, or to be consumed in. the
