]

‎LIVES OF ELIJA] AND TIIEODORE. 581‏ ]379[
‎Sh‏ ܠܐ ܢܤܣܦܕܩܘܢ ‎aas»‏ ܘܠܡܬܠ. ܟܕ ܐܟܣܢܕܘܟܝܘܢ ܒܝܬܗܘܢ ܥܒܚܕ ܗܘܐ
‎κου 5‏ ܘܠܥܪܟܐ ܕܣܬܫ̈ܩܐ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܐܟܠܘܣ ‎JL e‏ ܒܒܝܬܐ ‎où‏ ܐܝܬܐ 1000
‎LS‏ ܘܐܓܚܪ̈ܐ ܘܐܡܗܬܐ ,« ܘܫܪܟܐ ‎Ja‏ ܘܕܐܟܣܢܝ̈ܐ ܕܡܛܠ ܐܠܗܐ 231136«
‎ele «οοοι‏ ܛܠܝܚܝ̈ܬܐ܂ ܘܣܟ̈ܬܐ. ܘܣܡ̈ܝܐ݀ ° ܘܣܓ̈ܝܦܐ. ‎Laon s eh fun)‏
ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ ܒܟܘܠܗܘܢ ܗ݀ܘܦܟܐ ‎«ool sy‏ ܢܬ ܕܒܪܘܢ ‎hers‏ ܘܙܙܝܪܘܬܐ ܘܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ.
ܘܫܒ̈ܐ ‎yb‏ ܕܒܕܝܪܐ ‎OÙ‏ ܗ̈ܘܝ ܠܗܘܢ ܘܦܠܬܝܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܘܩܬܠܝܬܐ ܡܦܪܖ̈ܫܬܐ
‎Pas rs‏ ܘܠܠܡܬܐ 455[ ܕܠܚܝ̈ܠܝܘܬܐ܇. ܕܟܠ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܫܪܘܿܪ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܝܨܠܐ.
ܘܡܟܝܠ ܡܝܢ ‎as EN «ολα‏ ܙܘܡܪܐ ܪܘܚܢܝܐ ܘܩܪܝܢܐ )1935

‏ܡܫܬܡܼܥ ‎.Joor‏ ܘܗܟܙ ܐ ‎js 35e‏ ܬܘܒ . ܥܕܡܐ ‎fsadss‏ ܗܘܬ ܬܢܝ ܡܫܪܬܐ ܕܚܕ
‎oou‏ ܠܐ ‎ανὸ‏ 9 ܗܘܐ ܕܢܦܘܩ ܣܟ ܘܢܥܒܕ ܐܦܘܩܪܝ ,ܚܣ || ܙܫ. ‎οὐδ.‏ ܕܝܢ
ܕܩܫܝܫ ܕܫܡܗ ܐܠܝܐ ܥܨܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ. ܕܡܛܠ ‎JN S, να‏ ܢܣܒ ܐܢܬܬܐ.
‎ple‏ ܘܗܼܘ ܒܠܚܝܘܕܘܗܝ ‎JAI I ας‏ ܟܕ ܐܦ ܠܘܬܗ ‎νο Lis ASS‏
ܗܺܝ ‎sl:‏ ܕܐܢܬܬܐ ܛܒܬܐ ܬܬܝܗܒ ‎Koss Je‏ ܡܝܢ ܡܪܝܐ. ‎μοι‏ ܓܝܪ ܐܢܬܬܐ

‎God, insomueh that they were unequal to the task. of bringing forth. aud
giving, while their house was turned into a hospice (ξενοδου εἴον) for strangers
and other persons in need And accordingly there were ἃ multitude (ὄγλος)
of many persons in that house, of slaves and hired men and bondmaids, and
travellers besides and strangers who were gathered together for God's sake,
and girls also, and old women, and blind and maimed men, insomucl that
they practised the ordinances of monasticism in all the departments of their
house, fasting and abstinence and asceticism ; and they had weeks! as in a
monastory and did menial work, and separate cells for prayers and for secret
labours hy night, since each of them used to watch and pray. And accord-
ingly all the “night there was heard from their cells spiritual singing and
the reading of the Scriptures; and so in the mor ning also as w ell, until cach
one's repetition of the service was finished, he would not consent to go out
at all and make an answer (Zzózeg:e:)) to anyone's call. Bt the elder whose
name was Elijah they would urge, for the sake of the security (2σφάλεια) "ο[ the
house, to take a wife; and he yielded to the pressure, and he alone took a
wife, while with him also the Seripture-saying was fulfilled which says, € A

‎1. Όσο, p. 02, n, 2. — 2, If ‘permanence’ is meant, the end of the ch. shows thal the object was
not oblained.

‎* δὴ vy? b.
