at

\.

561 JOHN. OF EPHESUS. [302]

ܕܥܦܪܐ ܐܝܬܝ ܒܕܡܡܘܬ ܐܕܡ ܕܡܢ ܥܦܪܐ ܐܬܢܣܝܼܒ.. ܘܒܝܕ ܚܠܛܝܕܬܗ ܐܬܓܝܼܙܪܬ ܥܠܘܗܝ
ܕܠܐܝܟܐ ܢܗܦܘܟ. ܗܐ ‎eux‏ ܐܝܬܝ ܐܢ ‎Res’, Ce‏ ܕܘܟܬܐܼ ܓܝܪ ܐܚܪܬܐ ܗܪܟ ܐ
ܠܝܬ ‎n M‏ ܕܝܢ ܕܬܗܘܐ ܠܝ . ܗܠܚܝܢ ܕܝܢ ‎la‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܗܽܘ ܟܕ ‎ol wl‏
ܘܫܠܝ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܐܬܬܩܢܬܐ ܠܗ ܕܘܟܬܐ.. ܐܝܟ ܠܝܕܐ ‎εν ος‏ 1:9 ܐܝܟ ܟܠܢܫ.
᾿ ܐܢܫܐ ܕܝܢ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ‎loot Jens‏ ܫܢܬܗܘܢ. ܘܡܬܒܩܝܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎Jens‏ ܐܝܕܐ
ܕܦܪܘܫܐܝܬܐ 5 ܕܡܬܬܢܝܚܝܐ ‎LAID‏ 0004. ܘܡܢܗܘܢ ‎RATIO So‏ + ܘܡܢܗܘܢ
ܒܬܪܟܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܘܡܢܗܘܢ ܬܘܒ ܢܦܩܝܢ ‎βιϑοιο νὰ‏ ܒܓܘ̈ܢܘܬܐ ܘܒܐܣ̈ܛܘܐ ܒܬܪܟܝܢ
‎Speo .0001‏ ܘܚܝܼܙܘ ܠܬܛܘܒܢܐ ܗܢܐ ܕܡܢ ‎ο‏ ܕܐܘܪܝ )ܐ ‎y»‏ ܡܚܕܐ. ܘܬܘܗ ܗܘܐ
ܒܦܠܓܗܿ ܕܫܢܬܗ. ܘܬܠܐ ‎Ἴηωο osos‏ ܕܥܕܟܝܠ ܠܐ ܡܚܡܠܝܢ ܫܒ̈ܬܝܐ: ܘܠܐ ‎aa5%‏
‏ܟܠܗܘܢ.ْ ܘܐܓܕܪ ‎So‏ ܘܟܕ ‎ου Jp‏ ܐܢܫ ‎«να‏ ܕܠܐ ܢܚܘܐ ܢܦܝܦܗ
ܕܩ݀ܐܡ .ْ ‎Kaso eo y‏ ܥܠ ܐܲܦܘ̈ܗܝ ܒܬܐܫܘܝܬܗ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܪܟܝܟܐܝܬ ܐܝܟ
ܕܠܐ ܐܢܫ ܢܫܡܥ ܗܘܐ ܟܕ ‎jas‏ ܥܕܡܐ ‎sonar‏ ܗܘܐ ܩܠ ܢܩܘܢܐ ‎ο‏

1. Ms, ‏ܗܘ‎ — 2, Ms, ‏ܦܐܢܝܘܬܐ‎ — 3, Slop follows in ms.

said: « Why? What need is there to inquire? When yon see that | am a
son of Adam, know that Lam dust like Adam who was taken from dust, and
upon whom through his sin sentence was given whither he should. return.
Lo! | come from him if vou wish to learn; for 1 have no other place here:
but pray that 1 may have one ». These things that blessed mau said with
emotion when he was questioned, and ceased speaking. Απά so a place was
prepared for him according to the custom in the case of strangers, and he
fell asleep like evervone else. —Dut there were some whose sleep was
wakeful, and who used to watch the brotherhood, who* after the house was
at rest would stand in different places, while some bowed themselves down.
and some knelt, and some again went outside, and 50 knelt in corners (γωνία)
and in corridors (στοά), and prayed; and they saw that this blessed man from
tlie weariness caused by his journey fell asleep at once; and again it happened
that in tlie middle of his sleep he raised his head and saw that the servitors?
were not vet gathered in and all had not fallen asleep, and he waited ἃ
short time: and, when he saw that everyone was wathered in, that he might
not show himself to be up, he wrapped himself in his coat, and fell upon
his face on his rug: and this while he was wecping gently that no one
might hear, until he heard the sound of the first bell while the blessed men

I, 33 Ihe brotherhood, as the grammar shows; cf. 0 35. — 2. Sce p. 62, n. 2.
