‎OF A MONK WIIO STOLE. 501‏ ]389[
‎οἱ‏ ܟܠܗ ܡܫܡܠܝܐܝܬ. ‎o2 ooo‏ ܕܟܠ ܡܕܡ ܕܦܩܿܕܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎Jo‏ ܗܽܘ܂. ܐܢܐ
‎LAS‏ ܐܢܐ ܕܐܫܠܡ. ‎ee‏ ܩܬܪܒܢ ܚܢܢ ܠܗ ܬܝܨܒܘܬܐ.. ܟܕ ‎as‏ ܥܠ ܦܪܨܘܦܢ܂
ܘܐܡܼܪܢܢ. ܕܡܛܠ ‎ar‏ ܐܒܐ ܐܝܟ ܒܢ̈ܚ ܐܢܫܐ ܐܪܥ ܠܢ : ܘܚܛܚܕܢܢ ܠܐܠܗܐ
ܘܠܩܕܝܫܘܬܟ.. ܘܒܠ ܕܝܠܟ܂ ܘܫܒܘܩ ܣܘܪܚܢܐ܂ ‎iSo‏ ܕܠܐ ܪܘܥܡܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܬܗܘܐ
ܡܫܥܡܢܐ ܕܦܘܩܕܢܐ ‎vx] où‏ ܕܫܒܘܩܘ ܘܢܫܬ ܒܩ ܠܟܘܢ. ‎où‏ ܕܝܢ ‎X Lie)‏
‎Las‏ ܥܠܘܗܝ ‎allo‏ ܟܕ ‎«δὴ esl‏ ܠܐ ‎Las‏ ܠܝ ܡܕܡ ܘܦ݀ܩܕܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܂.
ܘܟܠ ‎à usa,‏ ܕܠܐ ܪܘܥܡܐ ܡܩܒܠ ‎μὶ‏ ܕܢܥܡܪ ܥܡܚ ,. ܟܕ ‎AR JI‏
ܡܥܗܕ ܐܢܐ ܠܗ ܕܒܘܬܐ ܗܕܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܐܬܐ ‎[aso Los NNI Le)‏ ܘܡܿܡܟܼܦ ܐ
ܐܲܦܘ̈ܗܝ ‎NO EE ls‏ ܢܦܢܗܼ ܩܫܧܫܐܝܬ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܐ 1756 ܗܘܐ ܕܗܟܢܐ ܡܝܢ
‎κι SAS euo‏ ܘܟܕ ܚܝܼܙܐ ܛܘܒܬܐ ‎où‏ ܡܬܬܘܝܢܘܬܗ: ‎«Moo‏ ܫܘܝܐܝܬ ܐܸܬܕܡܕ̈ܢ
ܛܒ ‎Κ.δ Jasiks Qoeele‏ ܬܪܥܝܬܗ ‎[12ου‏ ܢܬܬܘܼܐ ‎:jaxmmio‏ ܗܟܠ
‎cone! laxsas)‏ ܘܐܬܕܡܪܘ ܒܗ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܠܩܘܒܠ ܛܚܒܘܬܐ ‎SX‏ ܬܒܥܬܐ ܡܝܢ
ܟܘܠ ܐܢܫ ܐܫܬܘܝ. ܘܩܬܒܠܗ ‎isa)‏ ܘܐܪܡܝ ܠܗ ܬܝܒܘܬܐ܂ ܘܚܝ̇ܣܝ ‎OÙ‏ ܘܐܓܪ

‎`

‎1. Gorr. from ‏ܘܦܝ ܬܡܠܘ‎ (Ὁ).

‎answered « Everything that you command 1 for my part am ready to carry
out even without that ». Then we offered him repentance, having taken it
upon ourself, and we said : « Since Satan, father, caused us to fall like men,
and we smned against God and your holiness, receive your own, and forgive
the crime, and remain witliout ill-feeling, in order that you may be a lulfiller
of the command which said * Forgive and it shall be forgiven unto you"! ».
But the blessed man was much grieved over him and was distressed, saving :
« Even if he does not restore me anything and you command, all the davs
of mv life | will consent that he shall live with me without ill-feeling, and
] will never remind him of this matter ». And so that brother came, repent-
ing and weeping and with his face bowed down to tlie ground, and bitterly
accusing himself, in such a way as he could not have been aecused by one
who hated him. — When that blessed man saw his penitence, and all of us?
alike greatly wondered and marvelled at the grace which had opened his
heart and caused him thus to repent and to act in this way (and all who
heard the story wondered and marvelled at it), then he in this way received
thanks from everyone in place of punishment. And the blessed man received

‎1. Luke, vi, 37. — 2. The other persons present were perh. tlie hermit’s disciples. .
PATR. OR. — T. XVIII. — F. 1, 3)

‎*
‎* 87 ν b.
