“ra.

* 92 r* b.

Gus 40 Ν OF EPUESUS. [406]

ܚܢܢ ‎nS‏ ܡܢܝܢܐ ‎DSK NS:‏ ܒܨܝܪ ܗܘܐ. ‎οι‏ ܕܟܕ ܒܛܢܝ̣ܢܐ ܕܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ
‎al;‏ ܟܠܗܘܢ ‎Jiasy‏ ܥܡ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ: ܘܒܙܝܢܐ ‎[x‏ ܐܬܚܙܩܘ ܚܠܝܡܐܝܬ: ܘܐܬܘܥܕܘ
ܠܬܟܬܘܫܐ ܕܠܘܩܒܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܚܠܦ ܣܘܢܗܕܣ ° ‎JS ss‏ ܕܟܥܩܝܕܘܢܐ ܩܝܡܝܢ:
ܚܝܠܬܢܐܝܬ ܘܓܢܒܪܐܝܬ ܘܠܒܝܒܐܝܬ: ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܡܛܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܒܪܕܝܦܘܬܐ ܥܙܝܙܬܐ
ܡܢ ܥܘܡܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ‎ans‏ ܘܐܬܘܥܕܘ ܐܝܟ ܚܕܐ: ‎sol a assllo‏ ܗܐܝܬ ܟܢܘܫܝܐ
ܪܒܐ ܘܪܘܚܢܫܐ܆. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܡܢ ܕܘܟܐ ܠܕܘܟܐ ܘܡܢ ܐܬܪܐ 1 ܢܬܪܕܦܘܢ. ܘܟܕ ܒܕ̈ܘܟܝܬܐ
ܣܓ̈ܝܐܬܐ ܥܡܼܪܘ ܐܬܪܕܦܘ: ‎οἱ‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܠܐ ܚ̈ܫܚܢ ܗ̈ܘܝ ܘܠܐ ܣܦ̈ܩܢ ܠܣܓܝܐܘܬܗܘܢ..
ܐܬܢܥܘ ܠܥܘܡܪܐ ܪܒܐ ܘܥܢܝܢܐ ܕܒܚܚܼܙܝܢ ܩܪܝܬܐ ܕܒܬܛܝܫܦܐܼ. ܕܡܬܩܪܐ܂ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ
ܡܪܝ ܡܡܐ. ܗܢܐ ܕܟܕ ܛܒ 53[ ܘܪܘܝܚܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ‎Luis‏ ܐܒܗ̈ܬܐ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ
ܕܒܢܐܘܗܝ܂. ܐܠܐ ܘܟܕ ܛܒ ܗܟܢܐ,. ‎σοὶ‏ ܟܢܘܫܝܐ ܗܢܐ ܪܒܐ ܙܪܝܒܐܝܬ ܘܐܠܝܨܐܝܬ ‎μάν‏
‏ܗܘܐ ‎sw‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܙܒܢܐ ܕܫܝ̈ܢܝܐ ‎xx‏ ܐܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܒܨܝܪܘܬܐ ܕܝܠܝܢ: ܟܕ ܐܦ
‎Koss‏ ܒܡܫܘܚܬܐ ܕܩܘܡܬܐ ܙܥܘܪܬܐ ܕܛܠܚܘܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܢ ‎oio +, Root‏ ܕܟܢܘܢܝܐ

ܗܢܐ ܥܡ ‎JL‏ ܡܢ ܐܬܪܐ ‎Ras,‏ ܐܓܝ̈ܠܝܐ 1 ‎oi‏ + ܘܠܡܥܡܪܐ ‎o»‏

| Ms. Ge»

in number than a thousand men'; so that, having all, small as well as great,
been fired by zeal for tlie faith, and having been duly girded with the armour
of truth, tliey also entered valiantly and heroically and courageously into the
struggle against the defenders of the corrupt synod of Chaleedon, insomuch
that by reason of these things they were by a violent persecution expelled from
their convents, and met together and weremarvellously combined in a great and
spiritual community, so that they were driven from place to place and from
region to region, and after settling in many places were driven out, or because
they were not convenient and not large enough for their numbers arrived? at
the great and extensive convent in the village ofHzyn in Ty 9 which
is called that of the blessed Mar Mama; but, though it was large and spacious
from the times of the great fathers who built it, yet, even though this is the
case, this great community was cramped and straitened for room while living
in it for the space of five vears*; so that our meanness also, though we had
still only attained to the tender age of boyhood, were? with many others
attracted by the renown of this community to come from the district of

1. Al p. 214 the number is given as 750. — 2. This sentence is confused and incorrect, but the
meaning i» clear. — 3. See p. 214, 260. — 4. 521-6. — 5. Sic syr.
