wor h.

09 JOHN OF. EPHESUS. [^00]

ܡܕܡ ܐܐ ܢܡܕ ܗܘܐ ܙܢܐܬܐ. ܟܕ ܬܡܗܐ ܪܒܐ ܠܟܠ ‎ml «οἱ‏ ܗܘܐ ܥܠ ܫܦܝܥܘܬܐ
‎HAS}‏ ܕܓܒܪܐ ܗܢܐ ‎οι‏ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܠܐ ܡܐܢܐ ܗܘܬ ‎οἱ o£‏ ܡܬ ܩܛܥ ܗܘܐ ‎task‏
‏ܒܗܿܝ ‎oo»‏ ܣܓܚܐܘܬܐ ܕܡܣܟܢܘܬܐ ܖܕܐܡܝܬܬܐ ‎loot‏ ܥܠܘܗܝ. ܟܕ ܛܒ ܙܒ̈ܢܝܢ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܢ

ܐܦ ܠܢ ‎Lille‏ ܡܐܝ̈ܢܐ ܕܐܟܘܬܝ ܡܐܢܝܬܐ ܠܢ ܘܐܬ݀ܩܛܦܢ ܡܢ ܩܥܬܐ ‎Jlas Ro‏
ܕܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܐܡܬܝ ܕܠܘܬܗ ܡܣܬܩܟܥܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ. ܘܐܡܿܪܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ.. ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܐܒܘܢ
ܟܠܣܝܒܪ ܐܢܬ ‎μον‏ ܟܠܗ :]^| ܕܡܢ ܨܦܪܐ ܘܥܕܡܐ ܠܪܡܫܐ.:. ܘܠܐ ܘܕܥ
ܐܢܬ ܠܗܘܢ ‎Le"‏ ܕܒܗܘܢ ܗܼܘܘ ‎où xl‏ ܕܝܢ ܐܸܡܪ ‎foot‏ ܕܐܡܪܘ ܠܝ ܐܢܬܘܢ
ܐܚܺܝ܂. ܐܝܬܐ ܠܢ ‎oan Les‏ ܒܬܪܥܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܘܠܐ ܢܬܩܒܠ.. ܐܝܬ ܠܗ ܐܢܫ
ܒܬܪܥܗ ܕܡܬܬܦܫܪ ܒܢ ‎Saw οἱ‏ ܠܢ ܘܐܡܿܪ: ܕܙܠܘ ܗܟܐ ܘܒܥܕܢܐ ‎ol bl‏
¦ ܠܐ ܗܐ ܦܬܝܝܝ ‎m‏ ܩܕܡܝܢ ‎ΠΝ Nas‏ ܬܪܥܝܗ ܐܢ ܚܢܢ ‎LT}‏ ܕܢܝܩܝܘܫ
ܒܗܢ. ‎Jine‏ ܡܕܝܢ ‎IS‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܠܚ ܕܢܐܬܐ ‎oo‏ ܠܬܪܥܐ ‎SS)‏ ܘܐܗܼܦܟܝܘܗܝ܆.
‎sans οἱ‏ ܘܠܐ ܐ ܥܢܝܘܗܝ.܆. ‎ol‏ ܕܥܕܢܐ ܐܬܝܚܡ ܠܗ. ܠܐ ܣܦܩ ܕܡܫܝ .ܐ ܒܪ̈ܓܠܘܗܝ
ܠܬܪܥܐ ܕܝܠܫ ܐܬܐ: ܐܠܐ ܕܐܢܐ ܥܦܪܐ ‎Les‏ ܓܒܝܠܬܗ: ܐܐܦܬܚ ܦܘܡܝ ܠܘܬܗ
‎οἱ Jen‏ ܠܐ ܡܗܝܡܙܐ ܠܢ ܗܺܝ ܕܐܘܕܥ ܠܢ ܒܣܒܪܬܗ ܟܕ ‎sel‏ ܕܠܝ ‎où‏

reaching his own particular table and those with him, while everyone was
overpowered with great asionishment at the abounding willingness of this
man of God, how he was not wearied or annoyed and vexed by all that great
number of poor 110 were constantly with him, though often both we and
other lazy. persons like me felt weariness, and we were annoyed by the
clamour and turmoil of many. persons when we were present with. liim, and
woe said, « How is it, our father, that vou endure all this turmoil from morning
even to evening, and do not tell them fixed times at which they may come? »
But he on his side would say : « Do you tell me, my brethren, have we a
time at which sve knock at God's door and are not received? has he someone
at his door who is vexed with us or makes announcement to us and says. * Go
now and come at another time? | Lo! is not his door open before us at every
"time; if we on our side wish to knock at it? and. how then do you advise me
that, when he himself comes 10 τὴν door, | should turn him away, or, when
he knocks, 1 should uot answer him, or that 1 should fix ἃ time for him? [5
it not enough that Christ comes on his feet to my door, but that' 1, a vile
piece of dust of his formation, should open my mouth to him in insult? or do
we not believe what lie told us in his preaching, saving, * To ine ye did 1075,

L Sie syr. — 2, Matth., XXV, 10,
