‎JOHN OF EPIIESUS. [408]‏ 610
ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܒܙܒܢ ܣܬܘܐ.. ܡܢ ܟܠ ‎LAS‏ ܘܡܢ ܟܠ ‎Jo‏ ܘܡܢ ܟܠ ܣܦ̈ܝܢ
ܘܡܢ ܟܘܠ ܓܘ̈ܢܘܢ:. ܘܐܣܛܛܘ̈ܐ ܘܕܙ̈ܬܐ ܕܟܠܗ ܥܘܡܪܐ ܗ݀ܘ ܙܒܐ. ܒܙܒܢ ܕܝܢ ‎D‏
‏ܗܠܝܢ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܡܚܙܐ ܘܠܡܫܡܥ ܒܬܗܪܐ ‎fs;‏ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ܂ ‎L.Nsas‏ ܘܟܠܗ
ܕܠܝ̈ܠܘܬܐ:. ܒܟܘܠܗܘܢ ܚܘܕܪ̈ܐ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ ܗܢܐ. ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ܂ ܒܓܠܡܐ 9{ ܘܪܘܝܚܝܐ܆.
ܕܥܕܡܐ ܠܪܘܚܩܐ ܡܢܗ ܬܪ̈ܝܢ ܬܪ̈ܝܢ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܕܡܝܡܝܢ ܘܡܫܡܫܝܢ܇. ‎οἱ‏ ܐܪܒܥܐ ‎οἱ‏
‎οἱ . LA οἱ Rp‏ ܪܒܐ ܘܐܠܡܡܝܕܘܗܝ܆. ‎Lil‏ ܕܝܢ ܝܚܝܕܐܝܬ ‎rs‏ ܥܠ

‎De [Kass ° ‏ܘܒܓܥܬܐ ܚܝܠܬܢܝܬܐ ܕܕܡܡ̈ܐ ܬܙ̈ܝܥܬܐ‎ ehe ‏ܘܡܒܕܥܕܝܢ ܡܢ‎ NE

‏ܩܥܠܗܘܢ ܡܢ ܟܠ ‎v‏ ܡܫܬ ܡܥ ‎joo‏ ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܕܩܘܢܘܢ ‎μον‏
‏ܥܕܡܐ ܠܢܩܝܘܬܐ ‎hs}‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܬܘܒ ܐܝܟ ܚܕܐ ܡܬܘܥܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܙܘܡܪܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ
ܕܩܘܢܘܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܒܬܪܟܢ ܝܘܡܐ ܟܠܗ ܒܢܡܘܣܗ ܙܡܪܝܐ ܡܬܗܓܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܐܝܟ
ܡܐ ܕܟܬܝܒ܆. ܒܩܪܝܢܐ ‎δῶ,‏ ܘܒܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܘܨ“ ‎Jas.‏ ܐܡܝ̈ܢܬܐ ܕܥܕ̈ܢܐ:. ܗܢܘ ܕܝܢ
‎NS,‏ ܘܕܫܬ ‎fasoiso also‏ ܘܕܣܝܘܬܪܐ: ܟܕ ܟܠܗ ܡܡܠܠܐ ܒܛܛܠܐ ܘܣܪܝܩܐ ‎SR‏
‏ܗܘܐ ܘ݀ܫܕܕܐ ܡܢ ܒܝܢܬܗܘܢ ܥܡ ܟܠܗܘܢ ‎οἱ ὦ Lois‏ ܫܥܝܐ ‎ας οἱ‏

‎during the winter season, from all the rooms and from all the cells and from
all the doorways and from all the corners (γωνία), and the corridors (eco) and
halls of all that great convent. But inthe summer-season these were the things
that one might see and hear with great astonishment, especially during the
whole extent of the nights, in all the surroundings of this convent, especially
in the broad and spacious stony ground, up to some distance from which
there were men standing and reciting the service two and two, or four or less
or more, or a master and his disciples, and others were lying alone upon their
faces, and some way apart from one another, whose voice was heard from all
sides with mighty erving of rushing tears of weeping, from after the canonical
nocturns till the matins bell, and so they would again meet together for the
holy canonical singing, and so afterwards they would the whole day meditate
on the law (νόμος) of the Lord as it is written", while reading the Scriptures
and reciting the service and the regular prayers of the hours, terce, that is,
and sext and nones and vespers and compline?, while all idle and vain speech
had fled and been cast out from among them with all human conversations, or

‎1. Ps. 1, 2. — 2. V. D. and. L. wrongly *nocturna', Noclurns and matins have been mentioned
above. Only inalins, sext, vespers, and nocturns seem 1o have been common services. From ch. 17
(p. 254) and ch. 29 ii seems clear that Ihere was no common service between vespers and nocturns,
and from ch. 39 (p. 363) it seems unlikely that there was any between matins and sext.
