590 JOIIN OF. EPHESUS. [388]

ܕܐܢ ܒܙܚܐ ‎Mo Je de‏ ܢܓ̈ܕܐ ܘܟܘܠ ‎ο Lil‏ ܐܢܘܢ ‎ντ‏
‎νο μυς‏ ܡܢ ‎οὐ‏ ܢܓܕܐ ‎{ο‏ ܘܕܚܚܝܠܐ ܕܒܓܗܢܐ ܕܡܿܟܬܪ
‎oo 52‏ ܠܐ ‎Nul‏ ܫܦܝܪ ‎hx»‏ ܕܠܐ ‎Ras‏ ܥܒ ‎οι‏ ܕܣܛܢܐ ܘܨܒܝܢܗ
ܥܕܡܐ ‎ex‏ ܐܦ ܐܢ ܫܘܪܥܬܐ ܐܝܟ ܒܪ ܐܢܫܐ ܥܒܝܼܕ ܠܟ . ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ ‎Ses‏
‎aM]‏ ܘܡܦܝܣ ܗܘܐܼ ܠܢ ܕܥܡܗ ܙܗܦܘܟ ܠܘܬ ܡܪܗ ‎ORAN oJ‏
ܕܢܩܿܒܠ ܕܝܠܗ ‎Nasa‏ ܘܙܫܒܘܩ ܫܘܪܥܬܐ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܚܝܢܢ ܕܥܡܠܐ ܗܘ ‎Lilas‏

ܗܳܝ ܕܢܐܬܐ ° ܐܚܘܢ.. ‎y‏ ܐܥܫܬ ܐܠܢܝܢ. ܘܬܘܒ ܘܗܝ ܕܡܝܢ ܦܘܩܕܙܐ ܡܬܬܒܥܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ ‎à.‏

‎ren ND OCT‏ ܠܟ ܠܝܡ ܐܝܘܟ ܚܕ ܡܝܠܐ܆. ܙܠ ܥܡܝܗ ܬܪ̈ܝܢ. ܘܗܟܝܢܝܐ
ܗܦܼܟܢܢ ‎so oie»‏ ܠܘܬ ‎où‏ ܛܘܒܥܐ.. ܟܕ ܠܗ ‎«ras‏ ܒܪܘܚܩܐ. ܘܐܫܟܚܢܝܗܝ
‎flans si so‏ ܪܒܬܐ ܘܫܚܩܐ ‎-JL Ro‏ ܡܛܠ ܣܗ̈ܕܐ ܘܡܛܛܘܠ ‎μον‏
‏ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ. ܘܟܕ ܿܪܝܢܢ ܝܪܘ̇ܒܚܢܢ ܡܠܐ ܩܕܡܘܗܝ: ‎«ἐν‏ ܡܫܟܚܝܢܢ! ܠܟ ܣܘܥܪܢܟ..
‎Lao on)‏ ܡܥܩܒ. ܗܶܝܙܝܢ ܚܝܢܢ ‎ο... St JS‏ ܠܢ.. ܘܢܫܬܟܝܝ

‎1. Corr. from ‏ܡܫܦܝܝܢ‎ , — 2, Ms. Ill.

‎miny or reproach, or chastisements aud everything that comes here, you will
submit to them, they being things that are transitory, in order to escape
from the severe and terrible chastisement in hell which lasts for ever. Aud
now fear not. You did well in that you did nol carry out the work of
Satan and his will to the uttermost, tliough he caused you a fall inas-
much as vou are a man. lle on hearing these things was coinforted ; and
he went on entreating us to return with him to the owner of the stolen
property, in order to entreat him to receive his own in full and forgive the
transgression. When we saw that it was a labour of profit to gain our
brother ' , we did not refuse; and further also we were required to fulfil the
precept given in the command, « If thy brother shall force thee to go one
mile, go with him two » 2 And so we returned with him, and went in to
that blessed man, having left him some distance away. And we found him
agitated with great grief aud much distress on account of the martyrs and on
account of the books especially; and, when we began to speak before him,
« Indeed we eau find your property for you », he was astonished, aud began
to make inquiries. ‘Then we on our part asked him to perform a request
for us, aud all his belongings would be found complete: and he on liis side

‎1. Matth., xvii, 18. — 2. Id., v. 41.
