ΠῺΣ v? b.

620 JOIN OF. EPHESUS. [^18]

ܠܥܘܡܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܕܡܪܘܿܓܡܝܢ ܘܡܣܚܦܝܢ݀ ‎SEE‏ ܘܥܒܝܕܝܢ ‎Li)‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎S]:‏
‏ܢܬܐܠܕܘܢ ܕܢܪܡܘܢ ܢܦܫܗܘܢ ܘ ‎SMS‏ ܒܠܠܝܐ ܘܒܐܝܡܡܐ.̇ ܘܢ ܘܢܩܐܚܡܘܢ
‎NE‏ ܐܢܘܢ ‎Jia‏ ܘܠܚ ܝܢ ܟܠܗܘܢ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ° ܟܠܗܿ ܐܝܟ ‎Mel,‏
‏ܟܢܘ̈ܫܝܐ ܕܩܘ̈ܕܫܐ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ ‎ES‏ ܗܘܬ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܙܥܘܪ̈ܐ ܢܟܒܬܪܘܢ ܠܘܬ ܣܘܢܗ̈ܕܝܛܐ.
‎μα.‏ ܬܘܒ ܕܟܕ ܢܡܽܠܘܢ ܒܗܘܢ ܒܥܘܡܪ̈ܐ ‎La‏ ܫܒܥ ܘܦܠܓܗ̇ ܡܢ ܒܬܐܪ ܚܘܕܬ݀ܗܘܢ..
‎2à‏ ܕܝܢ ܬܘܒ ‎Nail‏ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ ‎«ὦ Kaas acne Jason: Lol]‏
‎x‏ ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎iso‏ ܟܢܘܦܫܐ ܪܒܬ ‎ptt os .as15]]‏ ܡܝܢ ‎où‏ ܩܕܡܝܐ .
ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎oisaso oll‏ ܒܥܘܡܪܐ 8 ‎où‏ ܒܙܒܢ ܪܒܐ ‎qx)‏ ܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ ܙ̈ܘܪܒܐ ‎wii]‏
‏ܘܐܬ݀ܩܚܡ ̇ ‎Ks.‏ ܕܬܘ̈ܬܐ ܩܪܝܬܐ ܕܒܓܘܡܬܐ. ܘܟܕ ܬܘܒ ܘܐܦ ܡܢ ܗܢܐ ܐܬ ܪܕܦܘ܂.
ܗܦܟܝܼܘ ܠܗܘܢ ‎AS‏ ܠܕܝܪܐ ܬܘܒ ‎JN SaL‏ ܘܟܕ ܡܟܝܠ ܒܗܕܐ ‎Jb»‏ ܕܕܘܒܝܪ̈ܐ
ܗܠܝܢ ‎LAS LIN‏ ܗܘܘ.. ܥܕܡܐ ܠܙܒܢܐ ‎is NS‏ - ܗܿܝܕܝܢ ‎loot‏ ܡܚܬܬܗ

returned and came in on the invitation, and they found their convents
destroyed and demolished and knocked to pieces and turned to earth, in-
somucli that they were obliged to set themselves to labour night and day,
and build, and set up and restore all these convents, while the whole city
also, so to say, used to hold saeramental assemblies with them, so that
few remained with the Synodites; so that again, when they had completed
seven years and a half! in the convents after their restoration, then the
furnace of persecution again blazed up against them, and they were expelled
and departed a second time; and in this way also a greal community was
assembled. though smaller than the previous one, when they also came
and dwelt in a convent which itself too had once been a great one which
was built and erected bv great saints, in the village of "hella d 'Phuthe?
in Gumtha?; and, having again been expelled from this also as well,
they came back again to the monastery of the Poplars. And, when they
had thereafter been completing the labours of these divine practices in this
monastery for the space of three years', then occurred the descent of

1. This must be wrong. The descent of Ephraiin was in 536/7 (sec Introd., p. 1v), and therefore
the expulsion eaunot have been later. The suin 2 1,2 + 7 1/2 however is about right, and the error
perh. arose from placing The return at ihe beginning of Justinian's reign, which began in Aug. 527.
— 9, Sc. ‘hill of the sycamores'. — 3. $e. ‘the trench'; cf. Aimm. Marc., XVIII, ix, ‏ܐ‎ (*Guma-
thena”. It lay on {π6 E. bank of tlie Euphrates. — 4. Clearly wrong, perh. an error for ‘3 months’; see
p. 419, n. 1, and Dyakonov, p. 30, n. 166.
