ܫܫ

[a15] OF THE AMIDENE CONVENTS. 617

ܠܐܚܝ̈ܢ ܐܟܣܢ̈ܝܐ ‎es asp‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܦ ܡܛܠܬܗܘܢ ܐܬܐ ܗܕܐ ܒܝܢܬܢ
‎οἱ Nul‏ ܠܡܟܣܢܘܐ 11 ܕܝܠܢ. ܟܕ ܒܛܝܕܠܘܬܐ ‎sous‏ ܥܠ ‎v MAS‏
ܗܘܝܢ ‎SSD‏ ܥܡ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܬܐ ‎σοι‏ ܡܢ ‎Kool) Lad‏ ܘܕܚܠܬܐ
ܘܬܘܕܝܬܐ܂ ܒܟܠ ܐܢܫ ‎RL‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܐܬܐ ‎[axle‏ ܪܒܐ ‎où‏ ܕܡܢ ‎be]‏ ܓܒܕ̈ܝܢ
ܠܡܚܣܢ ‎SA‏ ܗܘܐ ܡܐ ܕܐܬܡܠܝ. ܘܟܕ ܐܦ ‎Χο) AS JI‏ ܗܘܐ ܥܠ
ܦܬܘܪ̈ܐ܂. ܡܢ ‎filol‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܕܬܪܘ݀ ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܣܒܥܐ ܕܟܠܗ ܟܢܫܐ ‎où‏ ܪܒܐ ‎US‏
‏ܘܐܥܠܬܦܥ. ܘܠܐ ‎f|‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܬܘܬܪ̈ܐ ܕܐܫܬܩܝܠܝܘ ܡܢ ܦܬܘܪ̈ܐ. ܐܠܐ ܟܕ ‎sol‏
‏ܘܐܬ ‎ρας‏ ܢܦܠ ܗܘܐ ‎ous‏ ܠܟܐ ܘܠܟܐ. ܘܕܚܠܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ ܘܬܘܕܝܬܐ ‎Jew,‏
‎was‏ ܐܲܢܫ ‎Joot Lo‏ ܟܕ ܐܦ ܫܡܥܗ̇ ܕܬܕܡܘܪܬܐ ܗܕܐ܂. ܒܟܠܗܘܢ ܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ° ܗܠܝܢ
‎Joisoks‏ ܪܒܐ ܡܬܬܡܠܠ ܗܘܐ. ‎SI‏ ܓܚܪ ‎ge‏ ܗܘܐ ܕܡܢ ܬܘܬܪ̈ܐ ܗܠܚܢ ܕܬܕܡܘܪܬܐ
ܢܣܒ ܗܘܐ .. ܘܢܛܪ ܠܒܘܪܟܬܐ ܘܠܥܘܕܪܢܐ ܪܒܐܼ. ܟܕ ܒܨܝܪܘܬܢ ܕܝܠܢ ܬܡܝܢ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇
ܗܘܬ ܒܗ̇ ܒܚܫܡܝܬܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܣܗܕ ‎fire‏ .+ ܕܐܦ ‎«el‏ ܘܣܟܝܼܥܢ ܥܡ ܟܠ ‎au)‏
‎asso‏ ܒܘܪܟܬܐ ܡܢܗܿ. ܘܗܠܝܢ ‎pas‏ ܟܕ ܠܘ ‎pes‏ ܫܡܥܐ ‎eM‏ ܐܬ݀ܝܒܠ.

1. Ms. ‏ܠܡܣܦܢܘܬܐ‎ . — 2, Ms, ‏.ܕܝܬ‎ — 3. Ms. ou,

be churlish to our brethren the strangers who came to ns, for whose sake
also this sign has appeared among ns as well as for our reproof, since we
wished to take thought only for ourselves », besides many other things of
this kind which were spoken by the seniors; and awe and thanksgiving
were excited in everyone. And so a great basket (κάψα) was brought in that
four men could scarcely carry after it had been filled; and, though not half
of it had been placed upon the tables, out of the remnants which remained
after all that great multitude had been satisfied it was filled to overflowing,
and would not hold the remnants that were taken from the tables, but,
when it was filled and packed(?), it' was falling from it this side and
that; and great fear and thanks to God were called forth in everyone,
while the story of this miracle was also spoken of in all these countries
with great wonder (for everyone pressed to take some of these miraculous
remnants, and keep them as a blessing and a great help) and our own
meanness was there at tlie supper as the truth witnesses that we also ate
and were satisfied with everyone, and we took a blessing from it; and
we have recorded these things not as having been conveyed to us by report,

1. Sic syr.

* 95 re a.
