[419] OF THE AMIDENE CONVENTS. 621

ina ‏ܙܒܢ̈ܚܝܢ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܢ‎ Fons ‏ܠܡܕܢܚܐ. ܘܟܕ‎ £e ‏ܦܛܪܝܪܟܐ‎ [ees yh
‏ܫܘܬܦܘܬܗ: ܟܕ ܠܐ ܐܬܛܦܝܣܘ ܠܗ. ° ܗ݀ܝܕܝܢ‎ is ‏ܠܘܬܗܘܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܢܥܒܕ ܐܢܘܢ‎
‏ܘܠܒܥ̈ܐ ܩܪ̈ܒܬܢܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܠܩܪܒܐ ܕܒܪ̈ܒܪܝܐ. ܘܪܕܦܘ‎ fuyss να... ‏ܫܕܐ ܥܠܚܗܘܢ‎
‏ܕܐܦ ܥܠ ܙܒܢܐ ܗܽܘ܂. ܗܟܐ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܬܐ‎ Ηλ ‏ܐܢܘܢ ܒܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ.‎ asie ‏ܘܛܪܕܘ ܘܒܕܪܘ‎
“Jah ‏ܐܠܗܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܡܟܬܒ܆. ܐܠܘ ܠܐ ܡܬܛܘܠ ܡܬܚܗ̇‎ iso: ‏ܬܡܶܡܝܗܬܐ‎
‎Nos ‏ܕܢܝܫܗܿ ܕܡܠܬܢ ܗܟܐ ܠܘ ܡܛܠ ܪܕܘܦܝܐ‎ 2à ‏ܡܛܠ‎ οἱ ‏ܘܬܘܒ‎
‎Nest ‏ܟܕ‎ αλλο ‏ܠܡܬ ܢܚܘ.. ܐܠܐ ܥܠ ܡܫܝܬܪܘܬܐ ܕܕܘܒܕ̈ܐ ܕܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ ܚܝܢܐ‎
‏ܪܕܘܦܝܗ ܕܐܦܪܝܡ ܪܫܝܥܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܐܬܒܕܪܘ ܘܐܬܦܠܓܘ. ܟܠ ܚܕܚܕ‎ AS ‏ܡܢ‎
‎Lis. ‏ܐܝܟ ܕܬܙ̈ܝܢ.‎ Me ‏ܡܢ ܥܘܡܕ̈ܐ ܒܦܢܝܬܐ ܕܐܫܟܚܘ ܐܙ ܠܘ܂ ܘܥܡܝܼܪܘ.‎
Josh ‏ܘܡܫ̈ܠܝܛܝܢܝܐ ܘܫܪܟܐ‎ {0ο ‏ܕܒܫܘܠܛܢܐ ܕܐܘܪ̈ܗܝܐ ܘܕܫܡܫ̈ܫܛܝܐ‎
‏ܘܠܥܪܒ ܘܠܐܝܙܠܐ ܘܫܪܟܐ‎ sus, ‏ܢܬܦܠܓܘܢ. ܘܡܢܗܘܢ܂ ܘܐܦ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܡܕܒܪܐ‎
‏ܩܚܡܘ:‎ Ji Ro JAN o8, ‏ܕܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ܡܢ ܐܢܢܩܐ ܕܪܕܝܦܘܬܐ 94-33« ܘܢܥܡܪܘܢ. ܘܟܕ‎

Ephraim the persecutor, the patriarch of Antioch, to the East'. And,
when he had several times sent them a persuasive document in order to
make them members of his communion, when they did not yield to him,
then he sent armed and armoured hosts of fighting men against them as
if to fight against barbarians, and they expelled and ejected and seattered
and dispersed them over the countries; so that in respect of this time also
one might now describe many marvellous things which God wrought, if
it were not for the length of the history, and further also because the
standard of our work is not now raised to relate the story of the perse-
cution?, but it aims at describing the excellence of tlie practices of the saints.
When then by reason of the persecntion of the impious Ephraim they were
thenceforth scattered and divided, each one of the convents went to any
quarter that they found and settled there, and in some places two; so that
they were divided over the territory of the Edessenes and the Samosatenes
and the Perrhenes and the men of Melitene and the other districts, and
some of them from the stress (ἀνάγκη) of the persecution even withdrew as
far as the southern desert also, and * Arab? and Izla * and the other districts
and dweli there*. And, when they had set up many places, and built many

1. 536/7. The persecution began with the descent of Ephraim, and we should probably understand
the extension to this district to be here meant. — 2. These events are also related in the Eccl. Ilist.
(Land, p. 294). — 3. See p. 382, n. 3. — 4. *Izala mons'; see Amm. Marc., XVIII, vi, 12; ΚΙΝ, Ix, 4:
Theopb. Sim., I, xi, 4, el passim. It was the range lying N. of Dara. — 5. J. o. ly oinits Claudias,
where he settled himself. See eh. 58 (f. 130 r* a, 135 τ b).

* 965 ‏ܐ‎ a.
