‎LIVES OF ELIJAII AND THEODORE. 577‏ ;1375
ܒܪܥܝܢܗܘܢ܂ ܢܝܫܐ ܕܕܚܕܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ. ܘܐܐܬܚܫܒܘ ܕܟܠܡܕܡ ‎sfr‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܐܠܗܐ..
ܢܗܘܐ ܠܚܫܚܚܬܐ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ.. ܘܕܫܪܟܐ ܕܟܠ ܕܚܝܿܙܝܢ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܐܟܣܢܝܐ ܐܟܘܬܗܘܢ
ܘܣܬܫܩܐ. ‎[iso‏ ܡܟܝܠ܂ ‎als‏ ܗܘܘ. ‎cM‏ ܗܘܘ ܘܡܿܡܦܠܓܝܢ ‎un cod‏
ܘܠܐ ܟܣܢܝܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎Jp‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܛܢܕܢܗܘܢ.. ܪܬܚ ܒܐܝ̈ܕܝܗܘܢ ܘܟܠ ܡܕܡ ‎NE‏ ܗܘܘ
ܒܗ ‎Jul‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ° ܒܘܪܟܬܐ ‎Lys‏ ܗܘܬ ‎as‏ ܡܕܡ ܕܡܬܗܿܦܟ ܗܘܐ ܒܐܝ̈ܕܝܗܘܢ.
ܟܕ ܣܡܘ ܒܪܥܝܢܗܘܢ.. ܕܡܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܿܥܕܝܢ ‎JE‏ ܕܥܠܡܐܿ ܒܝܫܐܝܬ ‎ms‏
‏ܕܢܬܪܝܚܩܘܢ ‎ait AS‏ ܕܚܢ܂ ܡܝܢ ܡܘܡܬܐ ‎RAD:‏ ܘܡܢ ‎Jak‏ ܘܡܢ
ܥܠܘܒܘܬܐ. ܘܡܝܢ ܡܬܩܠܐ ܘܡܬܩܐܐ ܘܡܝܢ ‎Jus‏ ܘܟܝܠܐ. ܟܠ ‎1|1α...55 Jege‏
ܘܒܬܪܝܕܘܬܐ ܠܗܘ ‎Er‏ ܡܢܗܘܢ ‎HS οἱ‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܐܡܪܝܢ ܗܘܘܼ ܕܠܐ ‎ere‏ ܕܝܢ
‎où‏ ܡܢ ‎[μλϑὸ oct‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܡܡܘܡܬܐ ܘܒܣܘܦܣܪܐ܂ ‎JRoïmas κα οι"‏ ܐܡܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ
‎où‏ ܙܗܘܟܬܐ. ܐܚܐ ‎pe so‏ ܐܝܬ ܐܡܪܐ ‎D‏ ܕܠܐ ܥܠܘܒܘܬܐ ܘܕܠܐ ܛܠܘܡܝܐ ‎πινω‏
‏ܘܕܠܐ ܣܘܦܣܪܐ ܘܡܘ̈ܡܬܐ. ܐܢ 2+ ܠܟ ‎M ol ASS)‏ ܡܛܠ ܡܘܢ ‎Mo‏
‏ܡܘ̈ܡܬܐ:. ‎Sie‏ ܠܟ ‎ko‏ ܚܛܐ:. ܟܕ ܩܛܝܪܐ ܠܐ ‎ps pans‏ ܕܐܢ ‎Max‏

‎1. Stop follows in ins.

‎the purpose of following a religious life: and they determined that whatever
God provided for them shonld go to their own use, and that of evervone else
whom they saw to be a stranger like them and in need. Aud thus they
theuceforth did; for thev carried on their business, and distributed to the
poor and to the strangers. And, when God saw their zeal, he caused everv-
thing to which they put their hand to increase abundantly in their hands.
And thus a blessing rested on everything that passed through their hands,
they having resolved to abstain entirely from the evil practices which traders
of the world are wont to follow. i. e. from oaths of all kinds, and from lving,
and from extortion, and from diverse weights and diverse 0 Τον
told everything to the mau who was buying from them or selling to ihem
fairly aud. honestly without contention; but, if that man whoever he might
be began oaths and bargainiug, they on their side would sav to him shortly
as follows : « Brother, aceept what 1 have told vou honestlv, without extortion
and without fraud aud contention, and without bargaining aud oaths. — If it
suits you buy » tor « sell »). « Wherefore are you making havoc of (5 oatlis
and allowing Satan to thrust yon into sin, when You are under no ueeessity

‎1. Prov, xx, 10.

‎* 83 V? od.
