6 r* h.

‎JOHN OI EPHESUS, [384 |‏ ܥܪ

‏ܬܘܒ ܬܫܟܝܬܐ ܕܬܠܬܝܢ ܘܬܪܬ ‎ss‏ ܕܐܢܢܐ ܢܕ ܕܐܬܬܢܙܕ
ܒܓܘܪܓܐ ܕܢܣܝܘܢܐ 3 ‎hr ΠΝ ‘mal‏ ܠܬܝܒܘܬ̈ܐ܀

‏ܛܘܒܢܐ ܚܕ ‎Lima; als Ml Jas‏ ܥܡ ܬܙ̈ܝܢ ܬܠ݀ܡܝܕܘܗ
‎Joo SML‏ ܡܢ ܙܒܢܐ ‎bec‏ ܟܕ ܕܚܢ ‎uu‏ ܠܬܡܢ ‎AL‏ ܘܠܨܠܝܢ ܠܘܬܗ ‎51ο‏
‏ܡܢܗ.. ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܬܠܬܐ ° ܚܘ̈ܡܝܢ ܕܡܢ ܠܘܬܗ ‎LAS‏ ܐܝ | ܚܕ ܡܝܢ ܚܕ ܡܝܢ
ܥܘܡܕ̈ܐ ‎Bi‏ ܕܬܡܢ.. ܥܘܬܗ ܐܬܐ ܐܝܟ ‎où sim‏ ܕܒܥܐ ܕܢܥܡܪ ܠܘܬܗ. ܐܝܟܢܐ
‎οἱ;‏ ܐܼܢܐ ܒܐܚܐ ‎où‏ ܒܥܘܡܪܗܼ ܡܦܣ ‎oo‏ ܒܗ. ܘܟܕ ܥܠ ‎exo‏ ܠܝܘܬܗ ܐܝܟ
‎κο) Je Jas‏ ܒܠܒܗ ‎Jue‏ ܕܢܣܝܼܒ ‎Era οὐ; οιλ o ouf‏
ܘܢܥܪܘܩ. ܘܟܕ ‎spo pad‏ ܟܘܠ ܡܕܡ : ܘܐܬܐܦܪܣ ܒ ‎oot asd‏ ܕܡܢܐ ‎exeo‏ .
ܩܡ ‎asso [OX‏ ܘܕܥܡܕܡ ܕܐܫܟܢܝ. ܡܡ ܐܦ ‎facto JL.‏ ܘܟܐܬܒܐ ܐܝܬ
ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܠܛܘܒܢܐ ‎où‏ ܠܐ ܙܥܘܪ. ‎naso‏ ܐܢܘܢ ܛܥܘܢܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ ܘܥܕܪܩ. ‎Νίο‏
‎RES μᾶς ns)‏ ܠܡܕܒܪܐ ܕܠܓܘ ܡܢ ܠܘܒܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܐ܂ ܩܠܝܐ. ܘܝܗܼܒ

‎NEXT THE TUIRTY-SECOND HISTORY, OF 4 CERTAIN BROTHER WIO WAS CAUGUT
BY TIE ENTICEMENT OF TEMPTATION TO TIEFT AND AFTERWARDS CAME TO

‎REPENTANCE.

‎A certain blessed man had been settled for a considerable time as a solitarv
in a cell iu. the Ennaton of Alexandria! with two disciples; and, when we
ourselves arrived at that place? and went in to him and received his blessing,
three davs after we had departed from his presence a brother from one of
the well-known convents of the place came to him under the plea of desiring
to live with him, even as 1 had myself made the acquaintance of that brother
in his convent; and, when he had come in and passed about one week with
him, Satan put it into his heart to take the contents of that solitary's cell
and flee. — And, having looked and learned everything, and devised in his
mind a plan of action, he rose by night and collected everything that he
could (siuce that blessed man had indeed no small number of saints? aud
books), and he took them, a great load, and fled. And he went and found
camel-drivers going into the desert above Libya that is called Collia*; and
he gave them a fec, leading them to think that he was carrying his own

‎1. See p. 325 and ch. 36. — 2. In 534 or 551: see Introd., p. 1v, v. — 3. Ke. relics; cf. p. 114. —
4. Ruf. Hist. Mon:, λα Soz., vi, 31. Acc. to Rufinus il was 70 stades from Nilria.
