‎LIVES OF ELIJAII AND TIIEODORE. 583‏ ]381[
ܝܘܡ̈ܬܐ ܝܕܝ̈ܥܐ ܘܒܡܣܩܐ ܘܒܝܡܚܝܬܐ܂ 9-5 ܕܝܠܝܗܘܢ ܥ݀ܒܕܝܢ ܗܘܼܝܢ. ܟܕ
ܡܟܝܠ܂ ܒܝܬ ܣܗ̈ܕܐ ܒܚܢ ܡܝܢ ܒܝ̈ܬܐ ܕܡܥܡܪܗܘܢ ܥܕܒܕܘ ܗܘܘ. ܘܥܕܢܐ ܕܟܢܘܫܝܐ.
ܕܝܠܗܘܢ ܕܠܬܫܡܫܬܙ܂ ܬܡܝܢ ܡܬܘܥܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ‎lo‏ ܐܫ ܕܝܕܝܥ ܘܝܩܝܪ ܗܘܐ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ
ܬܡܝܢ ܡܩܟܠܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܟܕ ܒܐܢܫܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܫܡܐ ‎miss‏ ܥܠܐ
ܡܬ ܩܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ: ܘܒ̈ܬܛܟܣܝܗܘܢ ܘܒܬ̈ܡܘܣܝܗܘܢ ܚܝܪܝܢ ܗܘܚܢ: ܕܪ̈ܘܪܒܐ ܘܙܥܘܖ̈ܐ
ܥܕܡܐ ܠܒܒ̈ܘܣܐ ܘܐܓܚܪ̈ܐ ‎Ίο‏ ܘܐܡ̈ܪܗܘܬܐ: ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܒܢܟܦܘܬܿܐ ܘܫܘܒܚܐ ܘܐܘܕܝܬܐ
ܕܐܠܗܐ ܡܬܬܗܦܟܝܢ 0001: ܘܒܕܘܡܐ ‎as Jas jo‏ ܥܨܢ. ܢܦܢܝܢ ‎RAS‏ ܘܠܢ
‎LS‏ ܗܘܝܢ܇. ܟܕ ܘܝܐ ‎[βαρὺ «μου ARS nt‏ ܒܠܚܘܕ ‎Lions‏
‏ܕܠܐ ܠܒ̈ܕܐ ‎Jes‏ ܥܠܝܝܢ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܡܠܬܗ ܕܡܪܢ ‎la‏ ܡܬܕܟܪܝܢ ܗܼܘܝܢ ‎«δὴ‏
‏ܕܡܟ̈ܣܐ ܘܙܢܝ̈ܬܐ ܩܕܡܿܚܝܢ ܠܟܘܢ ܠܡܠܟܘܬܐ ‎[iso Lisass‏ ܒܬܡܗܐ ܕܥܠ ‎a‏
‏ܠܘܬܗܘܢ ܗܿܘܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ. ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬܐ ‎Sont «6 «e!‏ ° ܒܪܒܘܐ ܚܘܒܗܘܢ ܘܨܒܝܢܗܘܢ
ܕܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ. ܕܟܕ ‎ο‏ ܗܘܘ ܠܢ ܪ̈ܘܪܒܐ ܘܙܥܘܪ̈ܐ܂. ܗܟܢܐ ܐܡܝܢܐܝܬ ܟܡܐ ܕܡܨܝܐ
‎ἢ‏ ܡܿܫܢܚܢ ܗܘܘ ܡܝܢ ‎a‏ ܐܠܐ ܟܕ ‎RDS Wu‏ ܕܒܫܝܪܪܐ ܐܝܬܝܢ ܐܦ
ܟܪ̈ܣܠܛܝܢܐ.. ܚܕ ܚܕ ܕܝܢ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܥܠ ܚܩܫܝ̈ܒܘܗܝ ܘܥܠ ܫܪܟܐ ܕܕܘܒܪ̈ܐ ܡܢܝܢ

‎way up and on the way back, since they had now made a martyrs’ chapel in
one of the chambers of their dwelling, and at the hour of their own assembly
[or service they used to meet there, and anyone who was known and
honoured by them they would receive there. Accordingly, when we
looked at these persons who were called by the name of laymen, and at
their regulations and customs (νόμος), how great and small down to little
children and hired servants and slaves male and female passed their timc
in devout practices and. rendering of praise and thanks to God, and in
fasting and prayers at all times, we inwardlv despised ourselves, crying woe
upon our life, since the Christian name only without deeds wascalled over us,
while we also remembered with sorrow the words of our Lord who says, «The
tax-gatherers and the harlots go into the kingdom of heaven before you »'.
Aud so we marvelled at these things while we were with them; and we were

‎especially astonished at the greatness of their kindness and the direction of

‎their will toward God, so that, whenever they saw us great and small, thev
would thus with as little intermission as possible refuse to leave us, but,
thinking of us that we were in truth actually Christians, each of them would

‎1. Matth, xxi, 31.

‎* 85 v?

‎a.
