[411] OF TIIE AMIDENE CONVENTS. 613

ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎Los μὶ‏ ܘܡܣܟܢܐ ܐܦܢ ‎Rp‏ ܗܘܝܬ ܒܬ̈ܙܫܐ ܕܒܘܘܡܬܐܼ ܕܛܠܝܘܬܐ.. ܐܒܪ
ܗܘܝܬ ‎y «de‏ ܗܠܝܢ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎was‏ ܗܘܝܬ ܒܠܺܝܠܘܬܐ ‎Moda fo‏
ܠܗܘܢ ‎La Cl‏ ܘܒܥܢܡ̈ܡܬܐ ‎«eb‏ ܪܽܘܪ̈ܒܐ ܘܬܡܠܝ̈ܗܐ : ܗܠܚܢ ܕܝܕܐܥ ‎ret où)‏
ܟܠ ܕܡܢܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܒܨܒܬܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܒܩܘܠܣܐ ܠܐ ܡܿܬܟܬܒܢ: ܐܦ ܠܐ ܚܕܐ ܡܢ ܥܣܪ
ܡܵܢܘܢ ܕܫܪܪܗܝܢ ‎1ο» Lee‏ ܘܟܕ ܥܠ ܥܡ̈ܠܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ ܐܢܫ ܢܨܒܐ
ܥܡܪܫܡ.. ܣܓܝ ܠܟܐ ܡܢ ܣܟܐ ܡܟܬܪ: ܥܠ ‎où fan‏ ܐܡܚܢܐ: ܘܥܠ ‎Laos Lol‏
ܕܠܐ ‎BR‏ ܕܥܠ ‎Las‏ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ ‎Lou LAS J5asjo‏ ܘܬܐ ܢܚ̈ܝܬ| ܕܠܐ ܫܠܠܼܝܐ܂. ܘܕܡ̈ܥܐ
‎JN S‏ ܘܓܥܬܐ ܘܚܢ̈ܓܬܐ ܩܫ̈ܝܬܐ ܕܟܠ ܐܢܫ ‎.-Jon Jj σα‏ ܘܟܘܠ ܐܢܦ
ܒܩܪܝܒܗ ‎(ES‏ ܗܘܐ ܘܚܠܦ ܘܣܝܿܥܪ.. ‏ ܘܡܬܕܒܪ ܘܡܬ ‎[sey‏ ܘܡܬܚܦܛ ‎Lie‏
‎νου να‏ ܠܚܒܪܗ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܕܡܢܗܘܢ ܥܠ ¦ ܬܘܬܐ ‎ER‏
‎Eso «τόσοι‏ ° ܠܥܝ̈ܢܝܢ ‎Maisons‏ ܛܪܕܚܢ ‎eh y] «οσοι‏ ܒܣܕܪܐ ܕܬܫܥܝ̈ܬܐ

‎«xl BN‏ ܡܢܗܘܢ ‎exul‏ ܡܢ ‎Sa Lans‏ ܘܚܝ̈ܠܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ‎lo‏ ܬܘܬܐ
ܒܝܢܬܘܢ ܢܗܽܘܝܢ ܗܘܝ ܒܟܣܝܐ ܘܒܓܠܝܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܼܦ ܡ̈ܥܓܒܐ ܕܠܫܡ̣ܥܐ ‎μῦν:‏

‎1. Ms. om.; v. D. and L. ins. per coni, s'# after ‏ܦܠ‎ — 2, Ms. 55.

‎and poor, though deficient in years which were in the age of boyhood,
thonght to emulate such things, and I would also go out by night and see
them in these great and marvellous conflicts (ἀγών) and labours, and 6
who knows! all knows that our description of them contains no embellishment
or flattery, nor are we able to record a tenth part of the truth of them,
and', if anyone wish to write a record of these holy labours, he will leave off
far short of the end, with regard to that constant affliction, and with regard
to the unremitting contrition spread over men great and small, and the
unceasing sighs, and the copious tears, and the erying and severe sobs
because everyone was looking at his fellow, and everyone was emulating his
neighbour and learning and acting, and was practising and imitating and
was eager lo pass his fellow in the race of righteousness; so that many
among them had the power of performing signs, and used by faith to drive
out fiends before our eyes, even as in the series of the histories we liave
recorded the story of some of them who were tricked by the evil onc?, and
many acts of power aud signs took place among them secretly and openly,
insomuch that paralytics who used to come on the report of the benefits

‎1. Ms, om. — 2. Ch, 15,

‎* 93 v? b.
