Sa t b.

58^ JOIN OF. EPHESUS. [382]

ܫܐܠ ܗܘܐ :939 ܘܕܐܝܟܢܐ ‎C» oou‏ ܠܡ ܕܦܠܢ ܚܘܫܟܐ ܐܬܕܒܪ. ܘܕܐܝܢܐ ܠܡ
ܥܡܠܐ ܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ ‎SAM val‏ ܟܘܠ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܦܪܘܫܐܝܬ܂ ܐܝܟ ܛܟܣܗ. ܘܐܢ
‎Hi‏ ܘܐܢ ܓܒܪ̈ܐ. ܘܚܢܢ ܐܝܟ ‎lh ca‏ ܡܪܢ ܐܡܪ ܠܣܦܪ̈ܐ ܘܦܪ̈ܝܫܐ: ‎Lol‏
‏ܐܢܬܘܢ ܠܡ ܡ̈ܘܒܠܐ ܝܩܝܪ̈ܬܐ ܥܠ ܨܘܖ̈ܐ ܕܒܢ̈ܝܢܫܐ: ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܘܐܦ ܠܐ ܒ ܕܐ ܡܢ
ܨܒܠܥܬܟܘܢ ܐܩܪܒܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܠܗܝܢ.. ‎ie) Loi τοι‏ ܠܗܝܢ ܢܘܟܙ̈ܝܝܢ ‎RON‏
‏ܒܢܝܫܐ ܕܙܕܝܩܘܬܐ ܘܒܬܫܝ̈ܥܝܬܐ ܕܐ ܒܪܘܬܐ ܠܗܘܢ ‎Las‏ ܗܘܝܝܢ. ܘܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ܂
ܒܦܘܠܚܢܗܘܢ ܪܬܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܥܡ ܟܠܗܘܢ. ܚܕ ‎κ‏ ܡܢ ܐܚܐ ܗܠܝܢ
ܡܝܬܪ̈ܐ: ܐܝܟ ܡܢ ܕܠܐ ܣܝ̇ܦܩ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ‎Lila,‏ ܕܬܐܓܘܪܬܐ ܪܘܚܢܝܬ| ° ܕܗܠܝܢ
ܕܒܟܠܫܘܡ ‎xA‏ ܗܘܘ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ.. ܣܝܼܡܘ ܒܪܥܝܢܗܘܢ ‎LMI;‏ ܡܕܡ ‎SANS;‏
‏ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܂. ܘܢܦܘܩ ܠܐܬܖ̈ܘܬܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܥܘܡܪ̈ܐ ܪ̈ܕܚܦܐ ܘܡܛܪ̈ܦܐ ܒܗܘܢ ܥܡܪܝܢ
‎KI -.o00l‏ ܠܝܗܘܢ ܦܓܪ̈ܢܝܬܗ. ܘܢ ܬܬܓܪ ‎ooi‏ ܪܘܚܢܐܝܬ — ‎pole S p‏
ܡܛܠ ܕܐܦ ܙܒܢܐ ܗܘܐ ܕܪ̈ܕܝܦܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܡܗܰܝܡܢܐ܂ ܘܡܬܛܪܦܝܢ ‎Kas‏ ]31 ܘܗܟܢܐ
ܢܦܩ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܬ ܟܪܟ ܒܟܠܗ ܣܘܪܝܐ.. ܘܥܕܡܐ ܠܥܪܒ ܘܠܩܠܝܢܝܩܣ ܘܠܡܕܒܪܐ܂
ܥܡ ‎«o‏ ܛܠܝܐ. ܘܒܐܣܟܡܐ ܕܬܓܪܐ ‎μος‏ ܟܕ ! ‎ο.‏ ܘܪ̈ܘܚܢܝܬܐ܂ ܡܬܬܓܪ

ask to hear from us about his thoughts and abont tlie other modes of life, and
« How must 1 deal with such-aud-sueli à thought? » and « What labour will
bring me near to God? », each of then separately aecording to his station,
whether women or men‘. And we like what our Lord said also to the scribes
and Pharisees, « Ye bind heavy burdeus upon men's necks, but ye yourselves
do not touch them not even with one of your fingers »?, similarly would urge
them to things to which we were ourselves strangers by describing a model
of righteousness and by stories of tlie fathers. And they all vied with one
another the more in the ardour with which they carried out their observances.
But, inasmuch as the profit of the spiritual trade in those who locked to
them every day was not enough for them, they resolved that one of these
excellent brothers should take what God liad provided for them, and go out
to the districts in which the persecuted and ill-used convents were dwelling,
and distribute his bodily things among them, and himself make spiritual
gain through their prayers; since the time liad in fact come when the
believers were persecuted and maltreated in every district. And so he
would go out and go round the whole of Svria, and as far as * Arab? and
Callinieus and the desert, accompanied by two bondmen, and he did so 1

1. Cf. p. 273. — 2. Luke, xi, δὶ — 3. The plain of Mesopotamia aud Osrhoene.
