[3501 LIFE OF MARY. 501

ܘܘܠܗܘܢ! ܚܘܬܚܝ̈ܬܐ ‎^.]hax M».‏ ܘܣܝܼܩܠܐ ܕܛܠܝܚܘܬܐ. ܘܦܪܝܬ ܒܐܘܪܚܐ ܪܡܝܬܐ
ܕܐܒܝܠܘܬܐ ܘܕܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ.. ܕܚܠܝܡܐܝܬ ܬܪܕܐ. ܡܛܠ ܕܝܢ ܕܡܡܟܪܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܗܘܢ
‎ου‏ ܥܬܝܪܐ܂. ܪܝܘ ܐܚ ܒܝܫܚ ‎ds‏ ܡܬܬܠܝܩܝܝܢ ‎Rae soo‏ ܗܥܝܢ ܕܠܘ
ܕܚܠܝܗܘܢ ܒܠܚܘܕ': ܐܠܐ ‎hi où ele‏ ܫܦܝܕ̈ܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ ܗܘ̈ܝ: ܕܢܩܘܡ ܠܝܡ
ܐܥܒܕ ‎o‏ ܡܫܬܘܬܐ܆:. ‎baby‏ ܬܡܪܕ ‎o‏ ܘܬܐ ܙܠ ‎Je‏ ܘܢܘܒܕ ܠܗܽܘ ܕܡܛܝܒ
ܕܙܣܒܫܪܘܿ. ܘܟܕ ܗܼܢܘܢ ‎amis‏ ܡܛܝܒܝܢ ܘܡܥܬܕܝܢ ܛܘܝ̈ܒܐ ܕܡܝܢܬܬܘܬܐ.. ‎Ka‏
‏ܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ܘܠܗܘܢ ‎lise!‏ ܠܐ ‎"of‏ ܣܪܝܩܐܝܬ ‎emo‏ ܕܐܢܐ ܡܣܝܿܒܪܐ ܐܢܐ ܒܘܰܘ
‎Les NOTE‏ ܘܩܝ̈ܕܝܫܐ ܘܒܺܬܘܠܳܐ: ܠܣܡܟܐ ܕܡܫܬܘܬܗ ܕܠܥܠܡ ܗܺܝ ‎JeNS Jis‏
ܕܠܐ ‎Loo‏ ܠܝ ‎JN JaSlas‏ ܘܠܐ ‎Jisus‏ ܐܢܐ ܕܟܝܘܬܐ ܕܢܦܢܝ܆. ܒܢܩܦܐ
ܒܣܪܢܝܐ ܕܓܒܪܐ ܡܚܝܘܬܐ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܗܕܐ ‎NJ «Sos‏ ܡܿܡܚܦܛܐ ܗܘܐ: ܐܝܟ
)9-24 ܕܢܫܥܒܕܘܢܗܿ..ْ ‎Koss‏ ܐܢܘܢ ‎ΛΙ lo‏ ܠܕܝܪܐ ܚܕܐ. ܘܣܝܼܦܪܬ ‎ai‏ ܘܫܕܒܫܠܬ
‎Jenae]‏ ܘܡܢ ܗܝܕܝܢ ܫܩܠܝܬ 979 ܛܘܦܣܐ ‎où [2.22 Do‏ ܩܕܝܫܐ.
‎fioañs‏ ܘܒܢܙܝܪܘܬܐ ܘܒܒ̈ܘܬܐ ܘܒܬ ̈ܠܝܬܝܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܟܘܬܝܢܐ ܕܣܥܕ̈ܐ ܘܣ̈ܥܕܠܐ ‎lex‏

1. Ms. oui. o init. — 2. Ms. ins. oos. -— 3, Ms, KE.

soundly in the lofty road of anchoritism and asceticism. Since she had been
betrothed hy them to a certain rich man, they began as people of tlie world
to be distressed and to think thoughts which were not theirs only but those
of the hater of good tliings also as well, € Let us rise and make a wedding-
[east lor her, lest she run away and go to a inouastery, and we lose the man
who was to take her to wife ». And, when they on their side had begun to
prepare and make ready the things required for the wedding, the blessed
woman became aware of it aud said 10 them : > Do not toil! to no purpose
and lose your money; lor my part | hope in 1:1111 who invited tlie pure aud holy
and virgin to recliue at his eternal wedding-feast that ceases not That T shall
make no bodily partnership, nor corrupt the purity of my soul by fleshlr
eonjunetion with a mortal man ». But, wlien this iucited these people all
the more, so that they met together (2)? in order to constrain her, she left
them and went to a monastery; and she shaved her head and took the habit
(σημα). And from that time she took that holy old man as her model (τύπος!
in all things, in standing and abstinence and vigils and eating once in three
days, while she also made for herself à hair-shirt and sandals (σανδάλια) aud

1. Ms. "lanient'. — 2. This is perh. corrupt.
