ἐν

ὑθὺ JOHN. OI EPHESUS. [A0]
‏ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ‎ ec» Lacs Loi ‏ܐܢܬ ܠܝ. ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܩܕܝܫܐ‎ np ‏ܡܛܠ ܡܢܐ‎
‏ܠܗ ܡܥ݀ܘܐܐ‎ asl. ‏ܠܗ. ܟܙ ܡܟܝܠ ܐܝܟ ܡܢ‎ GM pans ‏ܕܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܐܝܟ‎
‏ܗܘܐ..‎ SNS ‏ܐ‎ por Nas ‏ܡܢ ܕܪܕܘܟܦܫܐ ܬܘܒ ܕܒܟܥܥܕܢ‎ y-le ‏ܠܬ |ܓܘܪܬܗ:‎
‏ܬ̈ܬܥܣܪܐ‎ Lacs ‏ܚܝܢܢ ܐܝܟ‎ n° Jot ‏ܒܪܘ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܒܥܡܬܐ‎ Ν᾽ où ‏ܓܒܕܐ ܗܘܐ‎
‏ܒܥܬܝܢܗܼ ܟܕ ܒܕܘܒܕ̈ܐ ܗܥܝܢ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܠܨܟܙܢ ܗܘܝܢ. ܘܗܟܙܐ ܓܒܪܐ ܗܢܐ ܕܬܕܡܘܪܬܐ‎

a. ‏ܚܦܝܛܐ ܝܬ ܝܥܡ ܐܢܝܘܢ‎ soi «Sot μᾶς." ‏ܟܕ‎ 1 (oot) VET TY

ܠܟܠܗܘܢ ܚܘ̈ܡܘܗܝ. ‎Jan.)‏ ܕܟܕ ‎Es - Jon μα. AP‏ ܠ ܗܐ ܕܢܕܒܪܗ ܠܐܘܘܢܝܗ
ܕܒܫܡܝܐ: ‎NIU‏ ܕܡܡܐܬ. ,99 ‎opas; "aac‏ ܒܘܪܟܬܐ ܡܝܢ ܩܠܝܬܗ ܕܝܕܥ
ܗܘܐ ܕܚܫܚܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ. ‎‘his, JRasasls [όρκο‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܐܦ ܥܡ ‎SA‏
‏ܘܐܦ ܠܕܬܐ ‎Au)‏ ܗܘܬ ܩܠܝܬܗ: ܘܡܕܒܚܝܐ ܡܕܬܩܢ ܗܘܐ ܒܪܘ ܐܡܝܢܐܝܬ. ܘܟܢܫܐ
ܪܒܐ ܠܘܬܗ ‎«ass‏ ܗܘܐ. ܘܦܝܼܩܕ ‎Ko Css‏ ܕܐܝܬ ‎es‏ ܘܢܬܝܗܒ ܠܡ̈ܡܣܟܢܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ
ܗܼܘܬ. ܘܢܕܨܦܩ ܡܢ ܥܠܡܐ ‎μοι‏ ܐܝܟ ܦܘܩܕܢܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ܀

ܝܫܠܡܬ ܬܫܟܝܬ̈ܐ ܕܝܫܡܟܘܢ ܣܒܐ ‎τς πα δι‏ ܐܡܕܝܐ܀

1. Ms, om.

have not insulted you or done vou any harm. Whercfore do vou insult me? ».
When then this saint had completed about ten years in the royal city itself,
since, inasmuch as he had found. material for his trade in it, and inasmuch
moreover as 1110 perseeution which was always everywhere did not cease, he
had now chosen to continue lo remain in the city oecupied in this labour, we
ourselves having been in intercourse with him for about twelve years while
he was following these practices, so then this extraordinary man ended lhis
life', having strenuonusly completed all his days in these great labours, so that,
when he had become very infir, and God wished to take lim to liis abode in
heaven, and he felt that he was dying, he gave each of his companions a
present out of his cell as he knew to be suited to him, as well as tlie furniture
of the altar, since indeed besides these things his cell was actually a churehi
also, and au altar was continnouslv set ready in it, and a large congregation
used to assemble before it. And he ordered all that he had to be sold and
eiven to the poor; and so it was done. And he departed [rom this world
according to the commandment ol God.

The history of Sàneon the old, the scribe of Amida, is ended.

1. Ms on. Sinee he lived Τὸ years in CP. and was in inlercourse with J. for 12 vears, he probably
came lo CP. al the same time as J. (50) and died in 550.
