"260 VL

0:1 r^.

‎JOHN OF EPTESUS, [170‏ 572
‎JS ο [538 5o JA oo‏ ܩܡ ܟܠܥܢ ]$55 ܗܘܐ: ‎Lans‏ ܪܒܐ ܘܒܬܐܲܢܝ̈ܚܬܐ
‎JE‏ 3 ܐܦ ܠܢ ܕܢܫܡܥܝ ܗ ܟܕ ܛܒ ܬܗܝܪܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ ܒܗ. ܕܚܝܙܝܢܢ ‎eet‏
‏ܕܟܪܝܗܘܬ ܦܓܪܐ ܒܗܐ ܠܐ ܡܬܚܙܝܐ. ܘܦܕܣܩ ܬܟܝܠܐܝܬ ܕܒܬܪ ܬܠܬܐ ܝܘ̈ܡܝܢ ܢܦܩ

‏ܡܢ ܦܓܪܐ. ܟܙ ܕܝܢ ܗܟܙܐ ܟܢܝܢܝܢ ‎ON‏ ܝܘܡܬܐ ‎"US JI ο «o‏
ܟܕ ‎‘Laser‏ ܚܬܒ ܘܐܡܪ ܗܘܐ ܠܟܠܢ. ‎LOSS‏ ܕܝܢ ‎où‏ ܕܬܠܬܐ ܬܘܒ ܐܦܝܣ..
ܕܬܗܘܐ ܠܗ ‎JL‏ ܘܢܬܬܣܫܡ ܦܝܪܡܐ܂ ܘܢܬܚܬܣܐ ܠܗ ܟܕ ‎ον με ολους‏
‎Jh‏ ܟܐ ‎ye‏ ܟܠ ‎ces‏ ܡܛܠ ܗܙܐܼ ܠܐ ‎y‏ ܠܢ ܕܢܬܬܟܠ ܥܠ ܢܦܫܢ. ܘܟܕ
‎D‏ ܒܪܟܢ: ‎Ja o‏ ܗܘܼܬ: ܘܟܕ ܡܕܒܚܝܐ ‎βομαϑο «κωδ‏ ܐܬܬܣܚܝܡ : ܕܟܘܠ
ܐܢܫ ‎Ian‏ ܐܚܝܕ ܗܘܐ ܥܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܶܡܬܡܥܠܝܢ.. ܩ݀ܐܡ ܗܘܐ 3.399 . ܘܒܚܝܪܬܐ
ܠܘܬ ܟܠܢ ܩܝܥܐ ܗܘܐ. ‎eeu]‏ ܙܠܘ ‎MM‏ ܠܘ ܓܝܪ ‎CR sal‏ ܬܢܐ ‎bl‏ ܩܕܡܝܟܘܢ.
ܠܘ ‎où a‏ ܕܡܫܟܚܝ ‎Lu) Jl] Las où où nas‏ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܢܫܒܚܚܘܗܝ. ܠܝ
‎n‏ ܕܥܘܢܕܢܐ ܐ ܕܪܟܙܫ. ܘܠܘ ܫܘܒܚܝܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܐܢܢܝܐ ܫܫ ܡܬܒܥܐ. ‎le‏ ܠܐ ܐܝܩܪܐ.
ܐܠܐ ܡܛܠ ܕܠܘܬܟܘܢ ‎v‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܠܚܛܛܝܘܬܝ ‎SRM,‏ 1 ܦܓܪܝ܂ ْ ܐ ܟܠܐ ܐܢܐ

‎1. Ms, o9. — 2, Ms, «m

‎of us all amidst his mauy sighs, and amidst copious tears, with great emotion
and witli inany sobs, he caused us also to listen to him in great astonishment
at him, since we saw that no sign of bodily 1ufirmity was to be seen on him,
and he conlidently pronounced that after three days he would depart From
the bodv. While we were thus gathered togetlier, lor two days and nights
he sat and said the same things to ux all; but on the third night he again
requested that praver might be made for liim and incense set, aud hie mich
receive absolution while he wepl and said : « 1! is written * Nono that livotli
shall be innocent before thec''. Tlierefore we must uot trust in oursolves.
And, when we had all knelt, and prayer had been made, and when tlic altar
had been opened. and incense set, and everyoue was overpowered with
sorrow on account of tlie words spoken, he was standing and weepiug, and
at last he continued crying to all of us : > My. brethren, pray for me; for 1
am not repeating mv praises before vou; ‘he who praiseth himself is not
he who is approved, but he whom God praisetli?. Upon me has come the
eud of death: and human praise is no longer needed by me, nor yet honour:
but, since God 80111 my sinlulness to you to bury my body, 1 will not prevent

‎1. Ps. οχι, 2. — 2, HI Cor., X, 18.
