[409]. OF THE AMIDENE CONVENTS. 611

‎«οἱ οἱ‏ ܕܠܗܠܝܢ ܕ̈ܡܝܢ. ܐܠܐ ܚܠܦ ܗܠܝܢ ܬܘܕܝܬܐ ܐܝܟ ܡܠܬܐ ܫܠܝܚܝܬܐ..
ܘܚܦܐ ‎lolo‏ ܢܦܫܐ܂ ‎soso‏ ܚܕ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܥܢܝܢܐ ܕܥܡ ܐܠܗܐ. ‎Jm pe‏ ܘܝܚܕ
‎ασ]‏ ܚܕܐ ܐܘܝܘܬܐ. ܚܕܐ ‎μα‏ ܚܕܐ ‎Jes οι»‏ ܚܕܐ ܫܠܝܼܚܘܬܐ. ‎t^‏ ܚܘܒܐ.
ܘܚܘܪܐ ܪܟܼܝܢܐ. ܘܡܡܠܠܐ ܪܡܝܣܐ ܘܚܝ̈ܫܝܫܐ ܕܒܟܠ ܫܥ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܡ̣ܚܙܐ.

‏ܡܟܕ ܛܒ ‎cauaa‏ ܗܘܗ ܕܥܠܫܡܝܢ ‎oo‏ ܒܟܝܢܗܘܢ ܐܘ ‎LA Jr‏
ܒܡܠܬܗܘܢ. ْ ܡܟܝܠ ܟܕ ‎κὰν his‏ ܗܘܝܢ ܘܡܬܕܡܪܝܢ ,. ܡܢ ܚܕ̈ܕܐ ܛܘܦܣܐ
ܫܩܠܝܢ ܗܘܘܢ. ܘܢܟܦܘܬܐ ܝܥܦܝܢ ܗܘܘܼ ܘܒ݀ܥܒ̈ܕܐ ܕܙܕܝܩܘܬܐ ‎Lam À‏ ܗܘܘ.
ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܕ ܐܢܫ ܦܪܘܫܐ ܒܕܘܒܪ̈ܐ ܗܠܝܢ ‎που‏ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܣܕܖ̈ܐ ܗܥܝܢ ܪ̈ܘܚܢܝܐ ‎go‏
‏ܗܘܘ: ܘܒܚܫܗܘܢ ܘܐܣܟܡܗܘܢ ܘܬܫܒܘܚܬܗܘܢ ܕܠܐ ‎[Ro‏ ܒܠܠܝܐ ܘܒܐܝܡܡܐ
‎Las‏ ܗܘܐ: ܘܢܬ ܒܝܢ ܒܓ̈ܠܝܬܗܘܢ ܥܡ ܟܣܫ̈ܬܗܘܢ.. ܢܬܪܡܼܐ ܗܘܐ (ܠܗ)!
ܕܥܡ ܫܡܫ̈ܢܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܘܠܐ ܗܘܐ ܥܡ ܐܙ̈ܥܢܐ ‎ps‏ ܟܕ ܐܦ ܣܘܓ ܗܝܢ ‎fa,‏ ܟܘܠܗܝܢ
‎μου» JN No‏ ܘܥܡܠܐ ܒܚܢ ܐ ܕܠܐ ‎«cos LR‏ ܐܓܘ̈ܢܣܛܐ ܗܠܝܢ
ܪ̈ܘܚܢܝܐ ܘܚܠ̈ܝܨܐ ܡܦܩܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎AO‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܡܢ ܫܥܬܐ ܩܕܡܝܬܐ ܐܘ ܟܕ

‎1. Ms. om. — 0 Ms. 6

‎jesting or laughter, or suchlike things, but instead of these things was to be
seen thanksgiving according to the apostolic saying', and sorrow and
compunetion, and tears, one conversation only, that with God, one order,
and one habit (σχῆμα), one union, one concord, one serenity, one quietude, one
love, and downeast looks, and gentle and sorrowful speech at all hours;
and, though there were to be found some who were young and some who
were of light disposition or who were loose in their speech, when we
looked at one another and wondered, they would thenceforth take example
(τύπος) from one another, and learn devoutness, and be rivals in works of
righteousness; so that, if any discerning man observed the practices that
were common to all these spiritual ranks, and their sorrowfulness and their
habit (cyäux) and their praises that ceased not night and day, and took note
of their open as well as their secret acts, he would think that he was already
dwelling among heavenly, not among earthly beings, while all these spiritual
and brave combatants (ὀγωνιστής) used to pass most of all the protracted

‎hours in tears and labours with uuceasing sorrow; so that from the first

‎1. Eph., v, 4,

‎* * 93 I? a.
