' .\ Sorsh.
[IL fos v^h.

5n JOHN. OE. EPHESUS. EU
‏ܗܘܐ‎ Jp als ‏ܡܠܬܐ‎ Mas nas] ‏ܥܢܕ ܗܘܐ. ܘܐܦܢܐ ܡܡܠܠ ܗܘܐ ܥܡ‎
‏ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܕܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ܂ْ‎ ls ‏ܠܗ ܥܕܢܐ‎ Joo Jo le ‏ܕܡܪ̈ܦܪܦܢ.‎ oia S ca
J| ‏ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܥܠܝܝܐ ܘܐܝܡܝܡܐ ܐܡ̈ܝܢܐ ܐܠܘ ܗܘܘ ܠܩܪܝܢܗ.‎ Jes ‏ܠܝܟ̈ܬܒܐ' ܪܗܛ‎
δν ‏ܘܒܩܪ ܝ‎ {9 λα5 — ‏ܣܦܝܼܩܘ ܠܣܒܥܘܬܗ ܕܡܝܢ ܩܪܝܢܐ. ܢ ܗܝܪ ܗܘܐ ܓܝܪ‎
‏ܕܒܪ‎ ENS ‏ܘܬܠܡܡܝܕܐ ܣܝܥܬܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ. ܘܒܫܘܠܡܐ ܕܬܫܡܫܬܐ‎ Jas
js ‏ܠܐܝܟܐ ܕܗܼܘ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܥܕܡܐ‎ οἱ ‏ܗܘܐ ܬܠܡܶܡܝܕܘܗܝ ? ܘܐܙܠ ܠܒܝܬ ܛܥܘܡܐ܂‎
‏ܟܕ‎ Russe ‏ܗܘܘ ܘܡܫܡܡܒܫܝܢ. ܘܒܨܦܪܐ ܡܩܕܡ ܗܘܐ ܥܠ ܦܘܠܝܝܢܗܼ‎ Lao

ܢܦܩ ܗܘܐ ‎Eat‏ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܢ ܘܐܦܢ ܠܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܡܕܡ ܕܢܦܩ. ܘܣܥܪ ‎DD‏
‏ܠܕܢܐ ܠܡܣ̈ܟܢܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܬܪܥܐ ܥܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ‎Faso JLissoo!‏ ܠܗܘܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ
ܡܡܣܟܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܚܙܬܗ ܐܟܘܠ ܣܢ̈ܝܩܐ ܘܐܟܣ̈ܢܝܐ܂. ܕܗܼܝܟ“ ܒܠܚܘܕ ‎asc‏ ܗܘܬ
ܠܗܘܢ° ‎στων‏ ܐܡܕܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܝܬ ܒܝܢ ܗܘܘ ° ܥܠ ܦܬܘܪ̈ܐ.. ‎ye‏ ° ܗܘܐ
ܘܐܝܟ ‎y‏ ܗܘܐ: ‎oen‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܒܠܚ ܘܕ ܣܘܢܩܢܗ ‎νὰ;‏ ܟܕ ]5 . ܕܡܿܝܢ ܐܝܬ

{11 Me. — 2. Ht om. — 3. 11 sing. — τς 11 pl — 5. ΠῚ pref. ‏ܠ‎ — 6, Π ‏ܘܡܒܐܝܐ ܘܡܠܒ‎ . - 7, Η ‏ܟܠܗܘܢ‎
‎mors ‏ܘܣܐܢܝܩܐ.‎ Haas. — s. ο ‏ܗܘܐ‎ bo ‏ܠܡ ܕܗܐ ܡܝܦܕܚ‎ eo ‏ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ܦܬܘܪܐ ܐܝܟ‎ colos Ίμωσο À prof. ‏ܕ‎
‎to ‏ܣܘܐܦܢܗ‎ .

0110 word aud the next the man would see his lips move. And,if he ever
had a moment during which he was resting. from the service of the saints,
he ` recourse to the Scriptures, so that, if a night and a day was devoted
to his reading without interruption, it was not enough lo satisfv him with
reading; for he was very erudite in 1116 Scriptures and in doctrinal (2)! rea-
ding. And he had ἃ band of disciples: and at the conclusion of nocturns
he would take his disciples, and would go to 1116 refectory, or whereverit might
be, and so they would read and recite the service ΠῚ daybreak; and at
davbreak he would eagerly betake himself to his ministration, going ont
several times although lie had nothing to take out, and visiting !he poor
people lying at the gate before the time, and consoling and comforting
liem; and so all the needy and strangers used to look out for the sight of
him, because that alone was enough to console them. But. as soon as they
were seated at the tables, he would rise and pretend to laugh las to how
he alone was 10 satisfy his need (2)? saying, « Who has anything to give

1. Or ‘special. — 2. This is very obscure ; and, as 11 omifs the words, the scribe wou'd seem to
have been puzzled by it see p.355. n. 2, and Introd. p. vi; V. D. and L.'s translation ‘ac si
desiderium suuin iam explevisset' cannot be σοι from the text. The. meaning appy. is that he could
not get what Was wanted without the help of others.

