[415] OF ΤΠῈ AMIDENE CONVENTS. 615

ܬܗܘܐ ܗܘܬ . ܥܕܡܐ ‎exo os fall‏ ܠܡܘܦܝܘ ܠܚܡܐ ‎yel: où‏ ܥܝܕܐ ܡܛܚܼܒ
ܗܘܐ ‎LAS‏ ܠܛܥܘܡܐ ܕܐܚܘܬܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎el,‏ ܪ̈ܝܫܝ ܫܒ̈ܐ ܘܪ̈ܒܝ ܒ̈ܬܐ܂. ܠܘܬ
ܣܟ̈ܐ ‎Lssoi‏ ܩܪܒܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܟܕ ܐܡܪܝܢ ܙܥܝܦܐܝܬ. ܕܗܐ܂ ‎Go‏ ܠܡܘܦܝܘ ‎μα‏
‏ܕܠܚܡܐ ‎Je yeh Jaco‏ ܠܛܥܘܡܐ ܕܐܚܘܬܐ ‎ao‏ ܗܘܘ ܘܬܘܒ ܐܝܬ
‎μαι»‏ ܣܓܝܐܬܐ ‎Lis‏ ܥܠ ܬܪܥܐ.. ‎Ro‏ ܠܢ ܕܡܢ ܐܝܟܐ ܢܡܳܿܠܐ ܣܘܢܩܢܗܘܢ
ܕܗܠܝܢ ܘܕܐܚܘܬܐ. ܗܢܘܢ ‎[AI vor‏ ܗܠܝܢ ‎aus SESS‏ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ ܢܝܚܐܝܬ ܟܕ
‎Cl‏ + ܫܘܒܚܐ ܠܡܪܢ. ܒܢ̈ܝܢ܂ ܙܠܘܢ ܘܐܼܦܩܘܢ ܘܐܢܝ ܚܘܢ ܠܡܣܟ̈ܢܐ܂ ܘܠܐܟܣܢ̈ܝܐ.
‎Ve‏ ܒܬܐ ܠܢ ܕܝܠܢ ܡܕܡ .. ܘܐܢܕܝܢ ‎co Ji‏ ܒܘܬܐ ܝܘܡܝܢܝܐ. ܘܒܠܚܘܕ
ܣܘܢܩܢܐ ܕܡܣܟ̈ܢܐ ܘܕܐܟ̈ܣܢܝܐ ܘܕܣܢ̈ܝܩܐ ܢܬܡܿܠܐ܂. ܘܠܐ ܢܬܒܿܨܪ ܡܢܢ. ‎Gr‏
‏ܗܥܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ ‎ους.»‏ ܢܦܩܬܐ ‎Jon Sao) Xeno‏ .+ ܥܕܡܐ ‎DS‏ ܙܥܘܪܐ. `
ܘܟܕ ܫܘܠܡܐ ܕܩܢܘܢܐ ܕܪܡܫܐ ܗܘܐ: ‎Abo‏ ܕܩܠܝܠ ܡܢ ‎exl‏ ܣܘܢܩܢܝܐ
‎κο το τν‏ ܡܠܬܐ ‎η το κ‏ ܘܕܬܘܪܓܡܐ ܡܢ ‎LS‏ ܗܠܝܢ ‎Lao‏
‏ܠܘܬ ‎os‏ ܐܚܘܬܐ ܗܘܐ ? ܟܕ ‎xn‏ ܕܡܬܛܠ ‎ey‏ ܐܚܝ̈ܢ ܐܟܣܢ̈ܝܐ ܠܣܘܢܩܢܐ

1. Ms. 8550. — 9, Ms, ‏.ܗܘܐ‎

to custom been prepared by the servitors‘ for the food of the brotherhood was
actually on the point of being exhausted, insomuch that the chief servitors
and the stewards were coming to the great seniors and saying ruefully :
« The provision of bread and cooked food which had been according to custom
prepared for the food of the brotherhood has reaclied the point of exhaustiou;
aud there are still many strangers lying at the door, and we have no means
of supplying the need of these and of the brotherhood ». But these divine
seniors answered them quietly, saying, » Glory to our Lord! Go, our sons,
and bring forth and relieve the poor and the strangers; and, if anything
remains over for us ourselves, well, and if not, we will keep fasting vigil to-
day, and let the needs of the strangers and the poor and the needy only be
supplied, and let them not be cut short by us». Then these men expended
what was prepared according to the order, until a small quantity was
left. And, when the canonical service of vespers was finished, and it was
known that a small proportion of wliat was ueeded remained over for supper,
some words of admonition and of exposition were addressed by these holy
seniors to all the brotherhood, in which they said : « Since our brothers the
strangers came to satisfy the necessities of their life, that which was prepared

1. See p. 62, n. 2.

* 95 ‏ܐ‎ ° b.
