* οὐ ¡^ b.

* 96 v? à.

‎JOHN OF EPIIESUS. [420]‏ 623
ܘܕܝܪ̈ܬܐ ‎ais Lio‏ ܐܫܟܚܝܘ ܩܠܝܠ ° ܐܬܪܐ ܘܐܬܢܬܦܘ ܡܢ ܪܚܡ̣ܡܬܐ ‎Nes,‏
‎Loi‏ ܕܐܒܗ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܪܽܘܚܢܝܐ܂. ‎wol ans oo‏ ܐܬܘܥܕܘ܂. ‎wol so‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܠܥܘܡܕ̈ܐ
ܡܢ ܒܬ ܪ ‎Las;‏ ܕܥܣܪܝܢ ܘܬܠܬ ‎..a S9; Lis‏ ܘܐܦ ܙܒܢܬܐ ‎hs‏ ܘܟܕ ܬܘܒ
ܘܐܦ ܠܓܡܪ ܐܫܟܚܘ ܐܢܘܢ ܕܡܬܪܥܝܢ! ܘܡܠܣܚܝܦܝܢ ܘܐܒܝܕܝܢ. ܘܟܕ ܬܘܒ ‎ss‏
‏ܒܬܠܫܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ: ܘܢܦܩܬܐ ܕܠܐ ܒܙܥܘܪ ܕܩܘܝܡܗܘܢ: ܘܒܢܝܫܘ ‎aseo‏ ܐܢܘܢ..
ܗ݀ܝܕܝܢ ܬܘܒ ܟܝܡܘܢܐ ܕܪܕܘܦܝܐ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ ܙܩܦ.. ‎ans‏ ܬܘܒ ‎αθιό‏ ܡܢܗܘܢ
ܙܒܢܬܐ ‎QNS,‏ ܟܕ ‎Ris LH J οἱ‏ ܬܘܒ ‎aas Ma‏ ܕܢܡܿܥܘܢ ܒܗܘܢ. ܘܡܟܝܠ
ܠܦܢܝܬܐ ܬܝܡܢܝܬܐ ܕܡܕܒܪܐ ܘܕܥܪܒ ‎Jm‏ ܘܕܟܠܗ ܚܕܪ ܕܪܐ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܢܬܦܢܘܢ
ܘܢܚܬܘܢ ܘܢܬ ܒܕܪܘܢ ܒ̈ܕܘܟܝܬܐ ܘܒܕܚܖܕ̈ܬܐ ܠܡܥܡܪܿ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎LES τοι‏ ܗܘܘ
ܡܬܚܝܥܝܢ ܘܡܬܓܔܒܕ̈ܝܝܢ.. ܥܕܡܐ ‎[ass‏ ܪܚܫܵܘܗܝ ܕܝܘܣܬܛܚܢܝܢܐ ‎ον‏
‎[μοι‏ ܕܐܦ ‎ot» [ao‏ ܫܘܠܡܗ̇ ܕܬܫܥܝܬܐ ܗܕܐ ‎rs‏ ܕܐܝܬܝܗ ° ‎Aus‏ ܬܡܢܡܐܐ
ܘܫܒܥܝܝܢ ܘܫܒܥ ܒܕܝ̈ܘܢܝܐ. ‎Jl; Ll‏ ܢܗܘܐ ܒܨܝܪ ܙܒܢܐ ܕܪܕܝܦܘܬܗܘܢ ܕܥܘܡܪ̈ܐ

‎1. Ms. om. ».

‎monasleries, they found a little opportunity and were drawn by love of the
coflins of their spiritual fathers, and they eame back again and arrived, aud
again entered the same convents after a space of twenty-threc years! that
they completed, and for the second time also. And, when they had yet
again found them quite completely knocked to pieces and demolished and
destroved, and when they had again been involved in much labour and
no small expense in setting them up, and had built them and set them
up, then again a storm (χειμών) of persecution rose up against them, and
they were again expelled from them a third time, when they had not been
allowed to complete even two more years in them”, and tliereafter return?
to the southern region of the desert and of ‘Arab and of 1zla, and of all the
country round the city of Dara and go down and be scattered over the
places and the monasteries for the purpose of habitation, while even so
they habitually showed strength and prowess. down to the end of the life of
Justinian the king, at which also we have now made the end of this history,
which is the vear eight hundred and seventy-seven^ according to the era
of the Greeks, so that the time of the persecution of these convents besides

‎1. This brings us to 559; but according {ο ‘Zach. ΕΝ.” xir, 6, the monks were in Amida in 553. —
— 2. This would be 561; but see n. 1. — 3. Sic syr. — ^. 565/6.
