[377] LIVES OF ELIJAH AND TIIEODORE. 570

ܒܕܘܒܕ̈ܐ ܕܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ ܘܕܩܕܝܢܘܬܐ ܒܬܘܠܐܝܬ܂ ܡܢ ܛܥܠܝܘܬܗܝܢ 2089 220[
ܘܕܡ̈ܥܐ ܘܒܥܘ̈ܬܐ ‎Vas Jes"‏ ܥܕܢ | ܝܢܢ ܗ̈ܘܝ܂. ܘܟܕ ‎NES‏ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܐܚܐ

Rs qaos ‏ܒܙܒܢܐ ܗܢܐ ܘܟܠܗ ܕܠܐ ܚܕܙܚܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗܝܢ. ܐܠܐ‎ ."ωοδι «sl
‏ܘܕܥ‎ ka) } ‏ܐܬܘ‎ +20 ος μοῦ M.so RAD) ‏ܒܙܒܝܢ ܙܒܝܢ‎ 208
‏ܐܬܚܫܒܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܕܒܘܪܟܬܐ ܐܦ‎ τ ‏ܐܢܘܢ ܡܛܠ ܢܘܓܪܐ.. ܥܕܡܐ‎
‏ܘܐܙܠܝܼܘ‎ ea ‏ܕܝܠܗܝܢ ܪܘܚܢܝܬܐ ܢܬܬܓܪܘܢ.,. ܟܠ ܝܘ̈ܡܝ ܚܚ̈ܝܝܗܘܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ‎
ܼ ‏ܐܪ̈ܒܥܬܝܗܘܢ ܒܡܝܠܝܛܛܝܢܐ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܕܩܦܕܘܩܝܐ .. ܘܬܡܢ ܡܟܝ ܠ‎ Las ‏ܝܬܒܘ‎
‏ܟܕ ܟܠ ܡܕܡ ܕܥܐܠ :ܗܘܐ ° ܠܗܘܢ..‎ AS cans ‏ܒܥܡܠܐ ܪܘܚܢܐܝܬܐ‎ ais
‏ܡܦܥܓܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܫܘܝܐܝܬ ܠܗܘܢ ܘܠ ܪܟܐ ܕܐܟܣ̈ܢܝܐ ܘܡܡܣܟܢܐ. ܘܥܡ ܫܘܪܝܗܘܢ‎
‏ܡܛܠ ܗܺܝ ܕܐܦ ܐܠܗܐ ܒܗܘܢ ܡܬܬܢܝܚ ܗܘܐ: ܘܩܘܒܠ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܘܒ ܘܙ̈ܟܬܐ‎
‏ܘܬܘܒ ܦܘܠܚܢܐ' ܕܠܐ ܢܟܕܠܐ‎ soos ‏ܡܿܩܟܬܚܝܢ‎ pe Nas ‏ܕܡ̈ܣܟܢܐ ܘܕܣ̈ܢܝܩܐ‎
‏ܥܕܢ ܡܢܪܘܘܢ‎ Nas ‏ܘܥܠܘܒܘܬܐ ܘܕܓܠܘܬܐ ܐܝܟ ܥܛܪܐ ܕܒܣܡ̈ܐ: ܠܘܬ ܝܪܥ ܟܠ‎
ans οἱ ass ‏ܕܠܐ‎ où ‏ܗܘܐܼ: ܘܗܟܢܐ ܐܝܟ ܥܘܬ ܪܐ ܕܪ̈ܚܡܕܘܗܝ‎ ao ‏ܕܢܟ̈ܦܐ‎

1. Ms. ‏ܕܦܘܠܚܝܬܐ‎

0

their country i. ο. to Amida. Now thev 1:00 two sisters who also had been
engaged in practices of asecticism and sanctity in virgin fashion from their
childhood, and at all times constantly devoted themselves to sorrow and tears
and petitions and prayers, and that while they were mourning over these same
brothers during; so long a time in which νου had not seen them, but had
only heard from time to time that they were alive and in the land of the
Persians; and when they came they did not recognise them on accouut of the
lapse of time, until they themselves informed them. And thoy determined 10
make a gain of their sisters! spiritual blessing also all the days of their
life; and so they removed and went and settled the four of them together at
Melitene a city of Cappadocia, and there they thencelorth began to labour
in spiritual fashion at their business, «ud all the income that they received
they used to divide equally between themselves and the strangers and poor.
And from the time when they begau, because God also was pleased with them,
they both received the gratitude and the blessings of the poor and needy every
day, and further the business carried on without deceit and extortion aud lving
ascended like the vapour of incense at all times from the devout men them-
selves to him who knows all, and so according to the riches of his merey he

+ 8^ γ b.
