‎LIFE OF MARE THE SOLITARY. 625‏ ]23^[
‎vado quo‏ ܒܝܕ ° ‎JR‏ ܡܡܪ̈ܝܢܐ ܢܗܘܘܢ ܕܕܘܒܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ.. ܘܚ̈ܦܝܛܐ
‎Kiss Hoi:‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܒܕܡܝܘܬܗܘܢ. ᾿ ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܩܕܡܢ ܐܡܪܢܢ.. ܚܢܢ
ܒܗܠܝܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܐܬܒܩܫܢܢ. ܐܬܚܫܒܢܢ ‎ο‏ ܘܕܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܼܿ..
ܕܐܦ ܗܟܐ ܪܘܫܡܐ ܢܥܒܕ ܕܐܢܝ̈ܫܐ ‎«μ.ο.‏ ܘܦܡ̈ܠܐ ܟܫܝܕ̈ܐ ܕܕܚܠܝܬ ‎JocS‏ ܐܒ̈ܗܝܢ
‎sede‏ ܕܒܕܡܘܬ ܟܘ̈ܟܒܐ ܢܗܝܪ̈ܐ ܢܕ ܚܘ ܒܕܘܒܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ‎can‏ ܙܒܢܐ ܕܚܝ̈ܝܗܘܢ..
ܘܐܫܬܘܝܘ ܕܒܫܘܠܡܐ ܛܒܐ ‎Ὁ το‏ ܘܢܬܬܣܝܡܘܢ ܒܕܘܟܬܐ ܗܕܐ܆. ܒܥܘܡܪܐ ܗܢܐ
ܩܕܝܫܐ ‎Lan Sos‏ ܕܠܥܠ ܡܢ ܒܝܬܐ ‎Lao‏ ܡܪܝ ‎"Jade‏ ܕܒܝܕ ܥ ܘܕܪܢܐ
ܕܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܒܝܚܕ ܒܨܝܪܘܬܢ ܒܙܒܢܐ ܗܢܐ ܐܬܩܚܝܡ. ܕܐܝܝܬܘܗܝ ܪܝܝܫܝܗܘܢ
ܘܩܕܡܝܗܘܢ.. ܪܒܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎où 3e‏ ܕܐܝܚܝܕܝܐ ܡܢ ܟܠ ܐܢܫ ܡܫܬܡܗ ܐ ܗܘܐ.
ܡܢ ‎brel‏ ܕܝܢ ‎Fais‏ ܡܛܠ ܪ̈ܨܝܕܬܐ ܕܪ̈ܘܩܥܐ ܣܢܝ̈ܬܐ ܘܡܫܚ̈ܠܦܬܐ
ܕܣܥܪܐܼ ‎Jesse‏ ܕܡܢܗܝܢ ‎oaa cM‏ ܘܬܟܤܣܫܬܗ ܡܠܝܩܛܛ ܗܘܐ܆:. £
ܡܫܚܠܦܐܝܬ. ܟܕ ‎uso‏ ܩܕܝܬܐ ܗܢܐ ܒܓܢܣܐ ܡܢ ‎Ji]‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܕܐܡ̈ܕܝܐ:
ܗܢܘ ‎«ot‏ ܡܢ ܒܝܬܐ ܐܓܝ̈ܠܝܐ ܡܢ ܩܪܝܬܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ ‎οσο Mas‏ ܗܺܝ ‎el‏

‎1. Mss, ‏.ܕܕܘܠܬܐ‎ — 2. Ben bas ‏ܬ ܡܪܝ‎ — 3. D be: — 4. D ‏ܐܐ ,5 — ܕܡܫܡܒܗ‎ sing. — 6. B ins.
‏ܙܒܝܢܐ 13 .3 — ܗܘܐ‎ ss, marg. ‏ܡܙܒܢܐ‎

‎writings might be imitators of their practices, and eager lo run the course
of religion like them, since then, as we said before, we ourselves observed
all these things, we considered it to be a matter of right and religion
now also to make a record of the upright men and strenuous workers
of religion, our fathers and brothers, who like bright stars shone by their
praetices «ll the time of their lives, and earned the privilege of being
gathered together by a good ending and laid in this place, in this holy
convent of us Svrians above the house of the holy Mar Mina, which by the
help of the grace of God was at this time erected through the instrumen-
talitv ol our meanness ' ; the head and first of whom is the great man of
God Mare who was named by evervone ‘the solitary, and by others? ‘he
of his patehes', on account of the pieces of unsightly and ill-matched rags
of hair and of wool out of which he had pnt together his clothing and
covering? and sewn them together in ill-matched fashion. This saint then
was by birth (γένος) from the country of the Amidenes*, that is from Ingilene
from a village called Beth Marka?, which is indeed in our neighbourhood,

‎1. See eh. 38 fin. and ‏ܐ(‎ ® 1T, 41. — 2. Sie syr. — 3. See p. 319, n. 2, and i. on eli; 4t. — ^. $e.

‎the province of Mesopotamia, of which Ainida was capital, — 5. B *Zbiua (marg. *Mzbana') = bought.

‎*Dn183r?a.

‎*A971? a.
