‎LIFE OF IlALA. 500‏ ]397[
ܟܕ ܐܫܬܩܠ ܟܘܠ ܡܕܡ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ. ܘܫܪܟܐܼ ‎.JAus5,s Joot pans‏ ܘܠܐ ܡܟܝܠ
ܡܫܬܪܝܝܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܗܘܢ ܚܫܚܬܐ ܕܣܘܢܩܢܗܘܢ ܒܟܘܠ ‎loao jose‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܒܗܕܐ
‎Re‏ ܡܬܐܠܨ ܗܘܙܿ. ܒܝܕ ܕܠܐ ܬܚ̈ܠܝܘܦܐ ܠܐܟ̈ܣܢܝܐ ܩܝܢܐ ‎Jon‏ ܘܠܐ ‎JADE AL‏
ܘܫܒܩ ܗܘܐ ‎mt‏ ܕܗܢܼܘܢ ‎BS‏ ܘܥܠ ܐܟ̈ܣܢܝܐ܂ ‎mans‏ ܗܘܐܼ. ܘܡܟܝܚܠ
ܡܬܦܪܣ ‎αν LING Ὡς Jo‏ ܘܡܕܸܫܝܓ ܗܘܐ ‎Qoo‏ ܘܡܚܝܝܛ. 9910«
ܗܘܐ ܠܩ̈ܩܠܬܐ ܘܡܡܣܪ ‎οἱ Vs‏ ܘܝܩܐ ‎Li550 FRE ιο‏ - ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎[eos‏
‏1239 ܗܘܐ ܘܥܘ̈ܕܐ܂. ܘܡܝܬܐ ‎Joa‏ ܘܡܫܝܓ. ܘܡܦܪܡ܂ ܘܥܒܕ ܒܣ̈ܕܘܬܐ' ܘܩܛܪ'̈
ܗܘܐ ܘܣܝܐܡ ܂. ܘܡܐ ܕܐܬܐ ܗܘܐ ܐܟܣܢܝܐ ܫܪܐ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܢܘܐ ܠܗ ܘܡܓܣ. ܘܗܟܢܐ
ܦܘܪܣܐ ܗܢܐ ܠܢܝܚܐ ܕܦܘܠܚܚܢܐ ‎οι)‏ ܐܫܟܚ. ܟܕ ܡܝܢ ‎Hoi‏ ܗܢܐ ܚܪܝ ܦ ܂. ܠܐ
ܒܫܝܢܐ ܦܐܫ ‎σοι‏ ܘܠܐ ܒܪܕܘܦܝܐ ܘܠܐ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܘܠܐ ܒ)ܟܣܘܪܝܐ 7 ܒܬܪ ܕܚܢ ܙܒܢܐ
ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ‎Jul‏ ܘܥܡ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܙܢܐܙܐܠ ‎Ju‏ ܒܐܦܣܘܣ. ܘܗܼܘ ܠܐ ܡܢܚ ܗܘܼܐ.
ܘܟܕ ܩܡ ܥܠܘܗܝ ‎20a]‏ ܐܥܒܕܗ ܕܢܦܘܩ ܘܢܐܙܠ. ‎NS wo‏ ܕܡܢ ܡܚܝܠܘܬܐ

‎A dej. -— 5, The rest of this‏ ,4 — ܡܘܩܐ ܘܚܡܣܨܐ ‎HD bats‏ ,3 — ܐܠܨܝܢ ‎II‏ ,2 — . ܘܗܘ ‎ll‏ . ܐ
‎ch. and [he beginning of ch. 34 are missing in A, 2 leaves being lost. — 6. Ms. ins. lae5]2 crossed‏

‎out. — 7. Ms. wilh point.

‎after all their property had been taken from them, and the rest! stored in
certain places; aud they no longer had an abundance of the things which
their needs required in everything. And the blessed man was much dis-
tressed at this, because he possessed no changes of clothes for the strangers
nor rugs; and he would disregard the fact that they were themselves in
distress, and vex himself over the strangers; aud accordingly he would
contrive to obtain some worn-out old coats, and Wash and darn them: and
he would go out to the dunglieaps and pay no attention to the jeers Loth of
whose inside and of those outside, and thus he would eollect raws and flocks
ol wool, and would bring them and washt hem, and cut them up, and make
cushions and fasten them together and lay them out; and when a stranger
came he would dismiss liim? and lay a rug for him and make him lie down.
And so he found this method of carrying out his own employment, not giving
up this strenuous pursuit in peace or in persecution, in tlie city or in exile
(ἐξορία). Mer a time he had a brother?, aud he continued. pressing hnn to
go and pray at Ephesus; and he for liis part was unwilling to do so, and his
brother by urging him induced him to set out and go. And, since he was

‎1. Sic sur. — 2. Sc. lo rest: see p. 402, l. 8, — 3. Sic syr.
