"AN ‏ܙ‎ 11

` 11159171(.

ἈΠῸ JOHN OF EPHESUS. [360]

ܘܡܙܥܦܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎«ο‏ ܘܗܼܘ ܗܟܢܐ ‎Js‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܝܢ ܥܟܘܠܗܝܢ ܘܡܣܝܒܟ ܘܓܝܝܟ.
ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎co‏ ܡܣܫܒܪܢܘܬܗ ܡܟܚܕܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܗܰܘ ܡܿܢ ܕܗܼܘ. ‎yo‏ ܐܠܐ ܡܠܝ ܣܘܢܩܢܗ
ܡܢܗܼ ܠܐ ܡܫܢܐ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܐܸܡܿܪ.. ܕܡܛܘܠ ܡܪܝ ܝܫܘܥ ܟܪܝܐ' ܠܝ ܕܟܦܢ ܘܠܝܬ ܠܗ
‎Fous [ax] «aor!‏ ܘܐܢܕܝܢ ‎aus y !J‏ ܗܘܝܬ ܠܟ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎oo Nas‏
ܘܗܝܕܝܢ ܡܫܢܐ ‎Jon‏ ܘܠܡ̈ܡܣܟܢܐ ܘܟܪ̈ܝܗܐ° ܗܟܢܐ ܕܠܐ ‎Laas‏ ܘܕܠܐ ܡܐܝܢܘܬܐ܂. ܥܝܪܐܝܬ
ܘܚܦܝܛܐܝܬ ‎κ‏ ܗܘܐ. ||“ ܟܣܢܝܐ ܕܝܢ ܗܠܢ ܕܥܐܠܝܢ ܗܘܘ + ܠܓܘ ܡܩܒܠ
ܗܘܐ ܘܡܢܝܚ ܘܡܫܝ̣ܝܓ ܘܡܫܚ ܘܡܫܘܐ ܬܫܘ̈ܝܬܗܘܢ ܥܡ ܫܪܟܐ ܕܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ܂
ܘܡܓܣܝܝܢ. ‎ΔΩ] ooo‏ ܩܐܡ ܗܘܐ ‎Sas‏ ܠܠܝܐ ܒܬܪ ܢܝܚܐ ‎μα)!‏ ܕܦܝܓܝܪܗ
ܒܓܘܢܝܐ ܘܡܫܡܫ ‎"Naso‏ ܡܐܐܢܝܗܘܢ ‎"ono‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܬܚ̈ܠܘܦܐ. ܘܡܫܠܩ ‎Ιοοι‏
‎RS‏ ܘܡܚܝܛ ܘܡܬܩܢ ܠܗܘܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ'̄ ܝܗܒ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ. ܘܡܢ ܗܕܐ ܥܠܬܐ
ܩܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ ܡܪܝ ܐܦܠܢ ܛܢܢܐ. ܘܡܢ" ܒܬܪ ܕܝܢ ܙܒܢܐ ‎"Jon Lais,‏ ܬܫܡܫܢܬܐ

ܪܒܬܐ ‎ταὶ‏ ܗܘܐ ܛܘܒܢܐ. ܪܕܘܦܫܐ ‎où‏ ܕܠܟܠܢܫ ܕܘܕ ‎Jo yl‏ ° ܘܙܦܩܘ ‎αν‏

ldbom, 2, um ‏(ܝܟܐ‎ ge. 3 Π ‏:ܘܠܟܪ̈ܝܗܐ‎ ἢν ΠῚ ‏ܝܨܦ‎ — à. ΠΕ ‏ܐܬܫܘܝܬܗ‎ — 6. IT ins. ‏ܗܘܐ‎ —
7. 11 ‏ܘܗܢ 8,11 — .ܠܗܘܢ ܘܡܫܝܓ ܘܡܚܛ‎ — 9. II. ee Ib ‏ܝܚܠܐ‎ — 10. À ‏ܗܕܐ‎

nation against him; and he on his side would thus drink in everything and
put up with it, and laugh, so Ihat his very patience would shame the man
whoever he might be; and he would by no means depart till he had supplied
his need from him, saying, « I am grieved for my Lord Jesus, hecuuse he 15
hungry and has no quarter whence to get food; otherwise I should not be
troubling you». And so he would receive it, and then depart. And thus
he would intently and eagerly look after the poor and the sick withont
renission and without lassitude. Aud strangers who came in he would
receive inside and would refresh. and wash and anoint them and would lay
lheir rugs besides all the other attentions, and tliev would lie down. And
he himself would after a short rest for his body go and stand all night in a
corner (γωνία) and recite the service and take their clothes and give them
changes, and wonld scald and wash and darn and repair them, and so he
would give them to them; aud for this reasou they used to call him *Mar
so-and-so the zealous'. But alter ἃ period of some years during which the
blessed man had been devoting himself to this great ministration, tliere
came the persecution which disturbed everyone ', and the convents removed

1. Since J. seems Io have known him before ilie expulsion, lie 354 expulsion (536,7) must be meant.
