‎OF TUE AMIDENE CONVENTS. 669‏ ]407[
‎οὐδι isola]‏ ܕܝܢ܂ ܒܥܘܡܪܐ ܡܫܡܿܗܐ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܡܪܝ ܝܘܚܢܢ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܬܡܗܝܢ
ܗܘܝܢ ܘܡܬ ܕܡܪܝܢܢ ܘܬܗܿܪܝܢܝܢ.. ܒܕܘܒܕ̈ܐ ܪܘܚܢܝܐ 5305[ ‎Lo‏ ܕܥܡܐ ‎où‏ ܪܒܐ
ܘܪܘܝܝܢܝܐ܆. ‎où‏ ܕܠܝܬ ܐܝܟ ‎c‏ ܕܥܬܘܗܝ ܢܟܬܒ ܐܦܠܐ ܠܡ ܬܢܝܘ. ܗܢܐ ܕܐܦܢ
ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܒܪܘ ܐܢܫ ‎aja‏ ܗܘܢ ܗ ܘܥܘܝܪ ܠܒܗ ܘܛܪܘܢ ܒܢܦܫܗ. ܠܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܦܘܪܣܐ
ܕܠܐ ‎acu‏ ܘܢܬܪܟܝܢ ܘܢܬܘܼܗ:. ܘܐܝܟ ܕܡܢ ܢܝܢܬܐ ‎Lo τ ΙΝ‏ ܬܘܬ
‎[ne «δν μα:‏ ܕܪܥܝܢܐ ‎has‏ ܘܕܡܡܥܐ ܚܢ̈ܝܓܬܐ 9-2 ܘܠܘܬ ܥܡ̈ܠܐ ܪ̈ܘܚܢܐ
ܕܙܕܝܩܘܬܐ ܢܬ ܦܢܐ܆:. ܘܪܗܼܛܐ ܚܝܨܐ ‎Eco;‏ ܪܡܬܐܼ ܢܠܒܘܟ ‎Joot‏ "+ ܟܕ ܢܚ ܙܐ ܣܝܒܘܬܐ
‎«δι‏ ܗܕܝܪܬܐ ܘܫܦܝܪܬ ‎as‏ ܕܒܢܝܪܐ ܕܥܘ̈ܒܠܐ ܪ̈ܘܚܢܝܐ ܟܕܝܢܐ ‎jue‏ ܚܠܝܡܐܝܬ.
ܘܡܕܥܝܘܬ' ܩܘܡܬܐ ܘܐܦ ܡܫܘܚܝܬܐ ܙܥܘܪܬܐ ܕܥܠܫܡܘܬܐ ܕܢܬܝܦܐ ܒܪܗܛܐ ܒܬܪ
‎flop + 99 vo a.‏ ܘܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ܆. ܘܩܕܝܢܘܬܐ ‎Jas "jo Boo je ° Jsorao‏ ܕܠܐ ‎Sd‏ ܒܟܠܗܝܢ
‎fs‏ ܠܠܝܝ̈ܬܐ ܘܐܝ̈ܡܡܝܬܐ:. ܕܒܐܡܝܢܘܬܐ ‎λογο‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܩܚܡܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܟܕ ܐܝܬ
ܗܘܐ ܬܗܪܐ ܪܒܐ ܠܡܫܡܥ ܪܥܡܐ ܕܩܠܗܘܢ ܬܡܝܗܐ.. ܘܠܝܼܡܕܬ ܙܘܡܪܗܘܢ ‎hore‏
‏ܘܐܠܗܝܐ. ܠܘ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܩܘܢܘܢ.. ܐܠܐ ܐܦ ܗܠܝܝܢ ܕܠܚ ܘܕܐܝܬ ܘܦܪܘܫܐܝܬ

‎1. Ms. Los pe.

‎Ingilene, and received the privilege of living in it, 1. e., in the renowned
convent of the blessed Mar John’ ,while we also marvelled and wondered and
were amazed at the great and divine spiritual practices of that great and
spiritual people, whom it is impossible fittingly to write about or describe.
Even if there were in that community a man of deaf intellect and blind heart
and hardened soul, it would be impossible that he should not be affected and
bowed down and repent, and be roused as from doep sleep, and come to
compunction, and gain affliction of mind, and pour out piteous tears, and
betake himself to spiritual works of righteousness, and embrace tlie strenuous
running in the lofty road on seeing revered old age with honourable white
hairs bound to the yoke of spiritual labours and duly dragging it, and ? middle
age and the tender years of youth also being drawn along in the pursuit of
abstinence and asceticism, and holiness and watching and fasting and prayers
that never cease at all hours of the night and day, who? used to stand
constantlv before God; while it was a great marvel to hear tlie thunder ol
their admirable voice, and to listen to their holy and divine singing, not only
tliose? of the canon‘, but those also which took place privately and separately

‎1. See p. 81. — 2. Ms. om. — 3. Sie syr. — ἂν Sc. the canonical hours.
