560 JOUN OF EPIESI'S, [308]

. ‏ܥܠܡܐ ܙܠܐ‎ ri! DEAN ‏ܗܠܝܢ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ‎ Jot ° ‏ܘܐܘ̇ܒܪܐ.‎ (uas Γκωλ νο

ܠܒܪ ‎DS‏ ܥܥܡܝܢ. ܠܘ ܚܢܢ ܕܘܺܝܐ. ܕܡܐ ‎INS‏ ܐܢܫ ܘܐܬܚܬܪ'! ‎Aes Na] οἱ‏
ܘܐܣܝܼܒܪ ܕܗܘܝܘ ܡܪܐ ܕܥܘܬܪܐ ‎Kaas oo Jlaso JA] of‏ ܘܐܪܚܡܝܘܢ
‎οι οί Lil‏ ܕܡܢ ‎oda S)‏ ܘܥܕܡܐ ‎JN do: ος ola so‏ ܡܟܢܝ`. ܘܦܫܬ
ܚܛܝܬܐ ‎οὐ‏ ܘܗܘܼܐ ܩܢܝܢܗ ܕܐܚܪܢܐ. ‎[οι‏ ܡܟܝܠ ܠܡ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܥܠܡܐ ܗܢܐ ..
‎Jac‏ ܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ ܟܠܝܗܝܢ܂ ܘܣܪܝܩܘܬܐ. ܡܛܠ ܡܢܐ ܓܚܪ ܠܐ ܫܟܒܩܝܢܢ ‎ο‏
‎οὐ)» “ess‏ ܡܕܡ ܕܡܢ ܘܠܦܪܘܣ ܐܦܢ ! ‎oo: MENT‏ ܐܝܬ ܠܢ. ܘܡܛܠ
ܡܢܐ ܠܡ ܐܝܟ ܗܢܐ ܣܟܐ ܠܐ ܗܿܘܝܢܢ. ܠܘ ܒܪܢܫܐ ܗܘ ‎or‏ ܚܣ ܠܝ ܡܟܫܠ
‎Bs‏ ܒܫ ܥܠܝܘ.ܐ܆. ‎uas/o‏ ܡܢ ‎Loi‏ ܕܕܘܒܪ̈ܘܗܝ ܕܣܟܐ ܗܢܐ . ܘܡܝܢ ܗܝܕܝܢ
ܪܬܚ ‎ens‏ ܕܥܠܝܡܡܒܬܐ.. ‎ones Manso‏ ܡܢ ܡܐܟܘܠܬܐ ܕܒܣܪܐ ܘܡܢ ܡܫܬܝܐ
ܕܚܡܪܐ ܓܡܝܪܐܝܬ. ܘܘܖܪܝܬ ‎JI eso E‏ ܘܒܪܗܛܐ ܕܐܘܪܚܐ ܕܡܝܬܪܘܬܐ. ‎tai)‏
‏ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ܙܘ ܗܠܝܢ.. ܟܐܝܢ ‎ooo‏ ܒܙܘܿ. ‎No‏ ܗܘܘ ܠܗܘ ܕܬܬܚܫܚ ܒܡܐܟܘܠܬܐܼ
ܕܒܣܪܐ ܘܡܫܬܝܐ ܕܚܡܡܪܐ. ܘܗܼܝ ܠܐ ܡܬܛܦܝܣܐ ‎Joe‏ ܟܕ ‎les‏ ܠܟܣ ܬܪ ܓܘܢܡܘܿ.

Ms om. e ini, — 2. A eonstrüetio 9 Les, Ihe objeet of the ΠῚ οἵ, being understood

froii ‏ܠܐ ܘܬ|]‎ — 3. Ms. willi point“.

possess tlie world that passes not away lor ever and ever, not we wretched
persons! among whom, as soon as ἃ man lias become rich and' proud and
boastful, and believed himself to be lord of his own riches, death has come and
cast him down into sAeol, and others have taken away his foil in which he
toiled from his childhood even to his death, and which has perhaps been
amassed by sin, and the sin has remained with him, and the riches have
become the property of others. Lo! then the things that are in this world
are all deceit aud. vanity. For what reason do we not voluntarily leave a
thing which we must in any case leave eveu il we do not desire it? and for
what reason do we not become as this old man? Ms not this? a human being?
Far be it from me henceforth to let the world. deceive me, and refrain from
lollowing the course of life of this old man ». And from that time the
damsel s mind became inflamed, and she cut herself off completely from cating
flesh and from drinking wine; and she began to fast and pray, and to run
in the road of excellence. But her people, when they saw these things,
used to reprove her, and to press her to continue cating llesh and drinking
wine: and she would not obey, having cast her body, and? all the entieeinents
of youth, and the adornment of childhood behind her, and begun to walk

1. Ms. om. — 2, Ur ‘This man is noU. — 3. M». om.
