! 7 1

‎JOHN OF. EPHESUS, [^12]‏ 614
ܕܡܢܗܘܢ ܐܬܝܢ ܗܘܘܢ. ܐܬܦܢܝܼܛܘ܂ ܘܐܬܐܣܝܘ. ܘܒܪܫܥܬܗܿ܂ ܠܗ ܠܐܣܟܡܐ ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ
ܐܬܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܟܕ ‎μᾶς Els οἱ‏ ܡܢ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܕܡܢܗܘܢ ܗܼܘܘ. ‎ANS, [a]‏
ܒܫܡܥܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܬܡܝ̈ܗܬܐ ‎τοῦδ‏ ܗܘܐ .. ܘܡܢ ܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ‎bh fours‏ ܙܒܢܝ̈ܢܫܐ
ܠܘܬ ܟܢܫܐ ܗܢܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܪܗ̇ܛܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܘܡܬܡܢܥܝܝܢ.. ܐܝܟ ܕܠܕܠܘܬܐ ܘܠܟܘܪܟܬܐ
ܕܡܢ ܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ ܗܠܝܢ. ܘܣܓܺܝܐܐ ܕܥܠ ܐܣܝܘܬܐ ܣܢܝܩܝܢ ܗܘܘܼ ܡܿܡܬܪܘܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ
ܘܟܘܠ ܐܢܫ ܡܿܬܕܡܪ ‎Joot‏ ܘܡܘܕܐ ܠܐܠܗܐ. ܠܐ ܓܝܪ ‎cues‏ ܕܒܫܬ ܩܐ ‎Es‏ ܐܦܢ
ܚܕܐ ܡܢ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܬܐ ܬܕܡܕ̈ܬܐ ‎ios.‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܒܗ ܒܟܢܘܢܝܐ ‎fior‏ ܗܺܝ ܕܕܡܘܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇
ܕܣܝ̣ܒܥܐ ‎οὖι‏ ܕܗܘܼܐ ܡܢ ܦܪܘܩܝܢ ܒܐ ܠܦܐ ` ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܡܝܢ ܠܚܡܐ ‎Jie»)‏ ܒܡܕܒܪܐ.
ܟܕ ܓܝܪ ܒܙܒܢ ܚܣܝܪܘܬܐ ܒܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ܕܡܕܢܚܐ ܗܘܼܬ ܗܘܬ . ܐܠܗܐ ‎où‏ ܕܝܕܪܥ ‎D‏
‏ܘܡܬܝܕܥ ܡܢ ܕܝܠܗ. ‎Ji‏ ܗܢܐ ܕܡܫܪܝܬܗ ‎Laici»)‏ ܗܢܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ: ܐܝܟ ܕܢܚܘܐ
ܒܛܝܠܘܬ ܪܐ̈ܚܡܘܗܝ ܕܥܠܘܗܝ ܒܬܪܟܗ. ‎Lin]‏ ܕܫܬܦܝܥܐܝܬ ܥܠܠܬܐ ܕܫܢܬܐ ܗ݀ܝ
ܬܗܘܐ ܒܙܘܢ. ܘܣܒܥܐ ܪܒܐ ܒܪܘ ‎a Hs‏ ܕܟܠܗ ܐܬܪܐ ܕܡܕܢܚܐ܂ ْ ܠܗ ܢܪܗܼܛ
ܗܘܐ ܠܡܼܙܒܢ ܥܒܘܪܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܒܚܕ ܡܢ ܝܘ̈ܡܝܢ.. ܟܢܫܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ‎πο η‏
ܠܬܪܥܗ ܕܥܘܡܪܐ ‎Joo ais où‏ ܘܢܦܩܬܐ ܝܬܝܪܬܐ ܕܥܠܝܗܘܢ ‎Luis) NM‏

‎conferred by them were straightened and healed, and would immediately come
to receive the habit (cyäux) of monasticisin, itself, and chosen vessels ' were even
made out of many of them, so that everyone marvelled at the report of these
wonderful things, and erowds of men from distant countries would hurry to
this holy community ami arrive among it in order to receive prayer and
blessing from these saints, and many who needed healing were relieved, and
everyone marvelled and gave thanks to God. But we do not wish to cover
with silence one at least of the many miracles which God wrought in this
same community, one that resembles the abundance brought about by our
Saviour among the many thousands out of the little bread in the desert.
Once, when a dearth had occured in the distriets of the East, God wlio knows
his own and is known by his own blessed the district in which this holy
community was settled, in order that he might show his loviug care for it, so
that the produce of that year came forth in it plentifully, and there was a great
and rich abundance in it, so that the whole district of the East had recourse
to it to buy corn; so that oue day a great crowd of strangers was asseinbled
at the door of that convent, and extraordinary expense was incurred upon
them in the way of hospitality, so much so that the bread which had according

‎|- Aets, ΙΧ, 15.

