568 JOIIN OF EPITESU'S, r360]
‏ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ‎ [Ioas ‏ܕܟܠܗ ܥܘܡܪܐ ܚܕܝܘ. ܡܛܠ ܕܐܦ ܗܢܐ‎ Lois ! elo ‏ܕܝܢ‎ fs
‏ܠܡܡܗܘܐ..‎ Larms) ‏ܘܥܝܣܝ̈: ܐܢ ܨ ܒܐ ܗܘܐ‎ lo ‏ܕܥܕܡܐ ܠܫܝܢܬܐ‎ ngo
‏ܘܩܒܬܝܘܢ‎ er oa ‏ܡܕܡ ܐܝܟ‎ as ‏ܗܘܘ ܒܗ ܟܕ ܡܝܩܪܝܢ ܠܗ‎ cr
ΝΣ ‏ܐܒܝܘܢ ܕܬܗܘܐ (ܠܘܐܢ)7 ܘܬ݀ܒܢܐ ܠܢ‎ Ὁ "ουν «le

ܘܒܡܥܬܟ | ܡܘܐܪܢܝܬ|. ܘܡܝܢ ‎DD «e‏ ܒܪܥܝܢܗ ܙܢܟܬܪܿ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܟܝܠ 1%

‎Mess‏ ܥܡܠ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܦܬܐ ܘܡܚܝܨܦܝ ‎ens)‏ ܘܒܝܿܟܐ. ܐܦ ܟܕ ܢܥܡ ܘܥܠ
‎fioks‏ ܝܬܒ ‎fon‏ . ܘܐܘܦܬܐ ‎σοι‏ ܕܡܶܡܥܘܗܝ ܡܚ ܡܣܝܢ ‎T “οι‏ ܐܠܐ

‎9

‏ܬܥܡ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܿܪܟܢ ‎KL NM on‏ 3:30[. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎ο KL‏ ܡܠܬܐ ܡܢ ܦܘܡܗ
ܠܐ ‎Jan, Jl μ᾽ + Joo foas‏ ܘܬܘܕܝܬܐ̇. ‎JR Lo‏ ܕܠܐ ܩ̈ܛܥܢ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܗܼܘܐ
‎«Ml 8.5)‏ ܗܘܘ ‎Ka.) Qi‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܥܠ ‎«αὐτο iso‏ ܗܘܘ
‎oe 338, EISE‏ ܘܡܦܝܣܝܢ ܠܗ ܢܚܕ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ' ܕܢܐܡܪ ܠܗܘܢ ܢܝܢܐ
ܕܕܘܒܕ̈ܐ. ܘܬܚ ܘܝܬܐ ‎μον ον.‏ ܕܠܘܩܒܠ ܚܘ̈ܫܒܝܗܘܢ ܕܐܐ ‎ο‏ ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ

‏ܒܡܟܫܝܟܘܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ ܥܠ ‎Was Lois)‏ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܬܟܦܦ ‎/οοι‏ ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪ.” ,202.34«

‎1. € added 0 — 2. Ms. ins. #3: — 3. Ms. om. — ^. ziop follows in mis. — 5. Mz. om. stop.

‎return toward tlie north». And the archimandrite and all the other members
of the convent also rejoiced, since this was indeed their custom (νόμος), that,
if ἃ strauwer wislied to stay as long as ἃ vear and two vears and ten, they
rejoiced over liim, honouriug him iu every respect like the archimandrite.
And they consented and they say to him : « We beg you, our father, to he
with us! and edify us by tlie sight of you, and by your helpful conversa-
tion ». Aud from that time he determined to remain; and so he thenceforth
doubled his labour, keeping silence and hiding his head and weeping.
Even wlien eatiug and sittiug at table, even so also his tears could not be
restrained, but he would eat and bow his head down and weep; and so no
words came rapidly out of his mouth exeept prayer aud thanksgiving, and
unceasing sighs. When some time had passed, those who cared about
methods of life, and judyed and repelled their thoughts, used to go and beg
him one by one to tell them a rule of life and an illustration of tlie method of
contending against the thoughts of the rebellious fiends. But he in great
humilitv would fall upon his face and make entreaty, saying : € Forgive me,

‎1. Ms. om.
