‎LIFE OF MARE ΤΗΕ SOLITARY. 627‏ ]425[
ܣܝܓܝ ܥܘܗܕܢܐ ܒܨܝܪܐܝܬ ‎Jen eM oi sad.‏ ܟܕ ܗܟܝܚܠ ܠܘܬ ܗܙܬ ‎wax)‏
‏ܛܘܒܢܐ ܡܪܐ: ܘܩܠܪܒ ܠܗ ‎flans‏ ܕܙܫܘܝܘܗܝ ܠܡܥܡܪܐ ܕܥܡܙܘܼ ܘܠܬܘܠܡܕܐ ‎ΤΕΣ‏
‎oi xo‏ ܟܕ ܡܫܬܘܕܐ ܠܗ ܬܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ.. ܟܕ ‎o5]‏ ܒܣܓܿܝܐܬܐ ‎Loa Ms‏
ܘܒܥܡ̈ܒܠܐ ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ° ܟܬܪ ܠܘܬܗ ܫܢ̈ܝܐ ‎xx‏ ܟܕ ܡܝܡܝܪܐ ܒܕܘܒܕ̈ܘܗܝ
‎La "^ ° *|183‏ ܘܓܙ ;° ܥܠ ‎sos‏ ܠܡܠܐ ‎1JNasoslso Has po Eos iso‏
‎IN νο‏ ܘܦܗܪܐ ܐܡܝܢܐ. ‎Sr June)‏ ܘܕ ܚܕܐ ‎Lou e οἱ Js.»‏ ܢܬܠ 9
‎os‏ ܡܛܠ ܬܒܥܬܐ ܕܟܝܢܐ. ܘܒܡܬܚܐ ܟܠܗ ‎LS‏ ܐܓܗܘܢܬܐ ܘܒܘܪܟܐ°
ܢܣܕܘܪ ‎JeN}s‏ ܐܡܝܝܐܝܬ. ܘܥܡ ܗܠܝܢ ܚܦܚܝܘܬܐ ܘܡܣܬܪܥܠܘܬܐ ܘܡܣ ܕܩܘܐ ܐ..
‎*A 97 .‏ ܘܡܟܝܟܘܬܐ ܘܚܫܐ 7 ° ܘܕܡ̈ܥܐ. ܘܒܗܠܝܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܢܦܫܗ ܪܕܐ ܗܘܐ ܒܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ ..
ܘܦܓܪܗ ܟܒܫ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܫܥܒܕ ‎Lans‏ ܘܒܬܝܒܘܬ|'. ‎el Lun)‏ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܢܬܕܡܪܘܢ
ܒܥܡ̈ܡܠܘܗܝ. ܐܦ ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ! ‎loà [2e‏ ܩܕܝܫܐ: ܟܕ ‎loo JL.‏ ܕܘܒܕ̈ܘܗܝ܂ ܕܠܒܪ
ܡܢ ܡܫܘܚܬܐ.. | ܗܘܿܐ ܒܗܼ ܒܣܓܺܝܐܿܬܐ. ܘܡܪܬܐ ‎o‏ ܕܠܐ ܠܒܪ ܡܢ ܡܫܘܚܬܐ

‎|l Dom, — 2. 1} 6. — 3. B ‏ܐܘܓܕܐ ܐ‎ — 4. B ins, o ‏ܬܪܟܬܐ‎ — δ. B ‏ܢܬܠ ܢܝܪܚܐ‎ — 6, B pl. — 7. B ‏ܥܬܡ‎
‎la^. — 8. D. llamls, ‏ܒ‎ above. — 9. Β 30 bal.

‎we have also introduced at small proportion and in defective fashion into
the histories which precede this'. — When then the blessed Mare reached
this man, and presented to him a request to grant him the privilege of living

‎c ‏ܫ‎
‎with him and receiving training [rom him, he received him on his promising
him repentance toward God, having given him much instruction in the
ordinances and labours of monasticism. And so he reinained. with him five
years, imitating his divine practices, and decreeing for himself severe labours

‎of fasting and prayer and protracted recitation of service, and constant vigil,
so that he gave himself rest for one liour or two only for the sake of the
demands of nature, and through the whole extent of the night he performed
a constant series of inclinations and genullexions with prayer, and besides
these things barefootedness and austerity and abstinence, and humility
and sorrow, and tears. And by all these things he used to train himself
in religion, and subdue his body and bring it into subjection with sorrow
and repentance, insomuch that many wore surprised at his labours, and even
that holy old man himself, when he saw the immoderate severity of his
practices, would strongly reprove liim, and admonish him not to exceed the

‎1. Ch. 6.
