159 v".

|39 v^ b.

LOU JOHN ΟἿΣ EPIIESUS. [398]

° ܕܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ' --- ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܘܬܘܒ ܡܢܐ ܩܪܝܒܘܬܐ ‎αν.)‏ |. ܐܬܟܪܗܼ ‎Lotias‏

MS ‏ܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ ܡܢ‎ o] Jena ‏ܘܡܛܠܗܕܐ ܐܝܟ ܡܶܝܢ ܕܐܝܬ‎ JE 115) Lacs

ܕܝܪܗܘܢܐ ܒܡܕܝܢܬ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ. ܣܠܩܘ ܠܬܡܢ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܢܝܬܘܢܝܗܝ ܠܣܒܐ..
ܘܗܟܢܐ ܥܠ ܠܟܢܘܢܝܐ ܐܝܢܐ ܕܠܡܠܟܬܐ ܡܟܢܫ ܗܘܐ ‎où‏ ܙܒܢܐ ‎Joss‏ ܡܢ
‎JS wo loot fais F2‏ ܕܝܠܝܗܘܢ.. ܒܝܕܣܢܝ ܡܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎AN‏ ܒܦܐܠܛܝܢ
ܕܡܬܩܪܐ ܗܘܪܡܙܕܐ. ܕܬܡܢ ܐܠܝ̈ܨܐ ܘܡ̈ܡܣܟܢܐ ܘܐܟܣ̈ܢܝܐ ‎ο‏ ܬܪܥܐ ‎sut‏
‏ܗܘܘ ܒܠܠܫܐ ܘܒܐܝܡܡܡܐ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܟܕ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܚܙܐ. ܘܙܕܘܟܬܐ ܐܦ ܠܗ
ܐܫܬܟܚܬ ‎scala)‏ ܡܟܝܠ ܒܕܡܘܬ ܡܣܟܢܐ ܕܡܘܒܕ ܚܢ ܡܢ ܩܢ̈ܝܢܘܗܝ ܪ̈ܘܪܒܐ.
ܘܢܦܣܘܩ ‎Jl; oasis‏ ܬܘܒ ‎«oo - maso‏ ܝܠܝ ܢܚܙܝܘܗܝ ܘܢܬܘܗ ܘܢܚܝܕܐ.
ܗܟܢܐ ܘܗܢܐ ܛܘܒܢܐ. ܟܕ ܡܟܝܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܩܕܡܝ̈ܬܐ" ܠܐܦ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܝܢ: ܠܘܩܕܡ
ܒܬܘܐ ܐ ܕܡܢ ܟܠܢܫ ܘܒܡܘܪܐܣ ܕܝܠܗ. ܘܒܬܪܟܢ ܒܟܪܘܡܐ ܕܡܣܝܒܪܢܘܬܐ ‎δ,‏
‏ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ܟܠܢܫ ܒܬܪ ‎sh‏ ܗܘܘ ܒܗ ܘܡܬܬܦܝܪܝܢ ܒܗ ܘܐܡܿܪܝܢ. ܡܪܝ ‎eM‏
‎μας‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܒܝܬܝܪܐ ‎ds‏ ܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܕܣܢܫ̈ܩܐ ܡܡܠܐ ܗܘܐ ܡܫܡܠܝܐܝܬ.. ܟܕ

1. Ms ‏ܕܥܢܘܬܐ‎ or HL aces, After this à word seems lo have fallen out. — 2, Ms. Qe»: — 3. Ms, oo.
— 1. Ms. oni. < — 5. Ms. (Mise, — 6. Ms sing. — 7. Ms. «br

weak' [rom the leeblencss caused by asceticism and moreover from the
approach of old age, he fell into a serious illness lor a long time, and
therefore, inasmuch as some blessed men among the members of their monas-
terv were in the royal citv, they? went up thither in order to take the old
man, and so he entered the community gathered together at that time by
the queen wlio? had been gathering together perseeuted men from all quarters
and looking after them, in that thev had been placed by her in the palace
(παλάτιον) called Hormisda, where many distressed and poor persons and
strangers lav by the gate night and day‘. But the blessed man, when lie
saw these, and an opening had been found for him also to give, thenceforth
like a poor man who loses one of his wreat possessions, and decides in his
mind that it will never be found again, and suddenly sees it and is astonished
and glad, so was it with this blessed man also, while he thencelorth doubled
the earlier work. first bv the leavings that he got from everyone and by his
own portions (μοίρας), and afterwards by the persistent elfrontery (χρῶμα)
with whieh he would ask everyone after they had been showing resentment
and indignation against him and saving : « Mar so-and-so the zealous »,
and so he would perfeetly carry out all the ininistration lo the ncedv with

1. Ms. om. — ?, Hala and his brother (7). — 3. Ms. om. — 4. See ch. 7. — ὃν zie syr.
