‎OF 4 MONK WIIO STOLE. 587‏ ]385[
ܠܗܘܢ ܐܓܪܐ ܐܝܟ ܡܣܤܕܒܪ ‎oo‏ ܕܡ̈ܐܢܐ ‎oo,‏ ܫܩܝܠ ܕܢܐܙܠ ܢܗܘܐ ܬܡܝܢ.
ܘܕܒܪܘܗܝ܂ ܘܠܠ ܥܡܗܘܢ. ܘܥܠ ܠܬܡܢ ܠܝܘܬ ‎au)‏ ܘܒܝܥܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ‎JR so‏
ܕܢܥܡܪ ܘܢܗܘܐ ܝܚܝܕܝܐܼ. ܘܟܕ ܠܒܝܼܕ ܬܡܢ ‎pute) de Jas‏ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ ܚܘܫܒܘ̈ܗܝ..
‎r9‏ ܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܠܒܗܼ ܘܐܡܿܪ ܒܝܢܘܗܝ ܠܢܦܢܪܟܗ. ‎oo y‏ ܟܕ ‎Ha μα.»‏
ܗܘܐ ܠܢ ܥܠ ܟܠܗܝܢ. ‎hal‏ ܠܡ ‎οἱ‏ ܒܪ ܐܢܫܐ ‎Les, Le‏ ܕܬܗܘܐ ܝܚܝܕܝܐ.
‎ο‏ .»| ܟܝ ‎οἱ‏ ܠܣܛܛܥܐ. ܗܐ ‎μὰς‏ ܦܘܠܝܝܢܐ܂ ‎μαϑρ JeMe Mer‏ ܕܕܚܘܐ
‎εντος ο ο ρας‏ ܕܪܐ ܒܕܡܘܬܐ ܐܠܗܝܬܐ܂ ܐܟܐ ܒܬ . ܘܠܐܘܬܐ ‎JA&.»e:o‏
‎ofa»‏ ܕܣܟܐ ‎Ae Heo où‏ ܘܩܕܡ ܐܠܗܐ ܠܠܫܟ , ‎as‏ ܠܕܙܚ̈ܝܢ ܡܬܬܢܚ
‎Lie‏ ܘܐܝܟܙܐ ܐܝܬܐ ܠܝ ‎γω‏ ܕܚܫ̈ܐ ܘܕܦܘܪܩܢܐ. ܗܝ ܕܝܢ ܥܡ ܐܡܪ ܗܘܐ ܟܕ
ܡܬܬܘܐ ܗܘܝܬ ‎solo‏ ܘܒܝܿܟܐ.. ܠܒܕܬ ‎Jr SENS‏ ܟܕ ‎ja2s6‏ ܐܢܐ ܥܠ ‎manu‏
‏ܘܡܬ ‎«κ.‏ ܐܢܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܘܐܡܿܪ ‎D}‏ ܕܡܢܐ ܓ ܕܦܢܝ. ‎m‏ ܐܛܥܝ ‎us‏ ܡܢܐ ܐܥܒܕ.
ܐܝܟܢܐ ܐ°ܒܟܐ ܠܢܦܢܝ. ܘܝ ܠܚ ܕܚܒܪ̈ܝ ‎Rest‏ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܒܟܝܼܣܝܐ .,. ‎νδὰς βίο‏
‎Laurel GM‏ ܕܠܥܠܡ. ܡܢܐ ܢܗܘܐ ܡܢܝ ܟܕ ܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܥܬܝܕ ܠܝ ܕܐܙܠ. ܐܝܕܐ
ܐܦܘܠܘܓܚܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܝ ܕܐ ܬܠ ܚܠܦ ܪܘܫܥܐ ‎μοι‏ ܘܟܕ ܠܡ ܐܢܐ ܡܿܒܟܐ ܐܢܐ ܠܢܦܢܝ.

‎1. Ms. ‏.ܡܢ‎

‎belongings in order to go thither. And they took him, and lie went into
the desert witli them; and he went in to a certain man there, and made
search for a cell for himself in which to live and be a solitary. And, when
he had passed one week there, his thouglits began to pass judgment upon
him, and his heart to smite him, and he would say to himself, as he himself
would inform us about everything, weeping : « ‘In what way, O wretehed
man, did you wish to become a solitary? Τὸ Christ, pray, or to Satan?
Lo! you have performed the service of Satan, and executed and lulfilled the
will of a demou, and alfllicted a soul fashioned in the divine likeness, and
carried off the toil and sweat of that holy old man's labour; and he is
sobbing and erying before God on your account at all times. And how
have 1 hope of life and salvation?' Then » (he would sav) « 1 passed one
week in penitence and horror and tears, weeping for myself, and meditating
upon these things and saying, * What lias befallen ime? Who led me astray?
What shall 1 do? — How shall 1 weep for myself? — Alas for me! since my
companions are secretly stealing a kingdom, and 1 stole eternal torment lor
myself. What will happen to me when 1 am about to go to God? What
defence (ἀπολογία) have 1 to give for this wickeduess?' And, while L'on my

‎* 86 νὰ;
