[549] PT. [. CH. XIX. MARK III, A. D. 799-819. 435
SN nel LA ey (s bye Le ul At des πλ ‏ܕܠܝܘ ܛܘ‎
‏ܝܒܝ‎ τὰς pe = lis ‏ܡܝ‎ es ‏ܐ‎ Last Gt ‏ܐܨ‎ ES ων ‏ܘܕܨ‎ ES
ο ο ‏ܐܚܫ‎ Am ο Les mis Et Cols ‏ܐܢܢ‎ SU del
‏ܚܝܨ ܨ ܘܵܝ‎ de ol JU obi. pet Cle ue eu Xue γόνον e
cn ‏ܒ‎ 3 0 LL LES ‏ܝ‎ te 0 0 ‏ܝ‎ a 5
Jl ‏ܐܒ )ܘ‎ ὅριον ul Edit JR ήν» ΟὟἹ ‏ܐܨ‎ C$ CS, ρον (xe
‏ܐܬܝܨܢ‎ eus abs Ca cem JS Jy ‏ܐܬܘܢ ܐܨ‎ ἀρῶν ‏ܐܐܘ‎ UE die Ka «tá
ud» Que eR US SARI at ua gl ol ‏ܠܐܝܬ܀‎ ὁ des ‏ܕܢܝ ܠܐܟܠܐܦܨ‎ μα zl
del LRU slt US YR SUN ul ‏ܐܚܝܨܢ‎ Guns | ‏ܐܨ‎ ο, Lie οἱ
DH JEU C Lot ὑμὴν JE LS Ai ‏ܕܸܒܕ‎ csl ‏ܠܟܢ‎ ο) Le ὁ ὡς» Y
UY «xs, ‏ܠܥܐ‎ Li quel A UI LS des, ie Xx ‏ܐ‎ Sis!

1. E om. to ‏.̈ܨ‎ — ἃν E om. to 9 — 3. Mss. isl. — 4. F om. — 5. F s».

church of the martyr Saint Mennas at Maryüt, nor for the union of the sepa-
rated members of the church of Antioch, who had been led astray by the
metropolitan Abraham and his followers. While Abba Mark was taking
thought for these matters, the Lord removed tlie father Cyriacus of Antioch,
and he went to his rest, After him an excellent person, named Dionysius,
was elected. When he took his seat upon the throne, he began 10 make
gentle advances to Abraham, and brought hack many of those who had
erred in his company; and they showed signs of repentance, and confessed
their error. As soon therefore as our holy father Mark heard of this, he
rejoiced greatly, and hastened to write a letter to the father Dionysius,
patriarch of Antioch, expressing interest in the conversion of tlie erring.
The opening of tho letter was thus : « Blessed be the Lord and God of glory,
who has never ceased to care for his lloek, that is his Church, those whom
he bought with his pure Blood and taught at the beginning. Verily thy
Paternity will become by his holy name, as he testified of Paul' : He shall
be for 1ne a chosen vessel in my Name hefore kings and gentiles. So by
his holy will he has elected thee especially at this time to which we have
been assigned, and which is the end, as the blessed apostle says*. NowI beg
thy Pateruity to offer many prayers and supplications to the merciful Lord
Christ, our God, that he may guide us and his Church, since we are in

1. Acts, 1x, 15. — 2. 1 Cor., x, 11, etc.
