442 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCIS. [556]
Bat ΟἹ 7 Rune Dod - «ole - LS de ὁ 56 ll ee ὁ 15
[Xe le où ‏ܐܨ‎ plie εὖ les ‏ܐܘ 06" ܧܥ ܐܚܘ ܐܒ‎ TUE ‏ܐܐܟ‎ eia
Ul ge ‏ܘܕܨ‎ du oh GI Loue κα G6 ix 4X. ‏ܐܘ‎ CE. JE Les
dom ci) ub qeu cuui LJ SYL ‏ܐܨ‎ cles chis ‏ܘܕܢ‎ sini) qii
‏ܐܠܨܢ‎ Les | SX ‏ܦܬܐ‎ dus Y Ge OM nuni xn Ge él ia ola
Dpiledl eoe, Mie Las qe Co HG ‏ܐܢܒ‎ SUY «cem Gil AC
dox Y. nU SR da Ee hm APP ἂν LE Cs Let SU οἱ
des US Si οἱ πὸ LUN iro! Ub os Gus uai ὦ nuls μάν dl
c SEA pi 6, An Vus JI ΟΥἹ ‏܀‎ Et ‏ܘܰܐ‎ oe οἱ os JE | GI
Ao 3 ‏ܠܓ‎ ὁ der Vo : 5 ` 4:03 51 - xe DL Gi 3

|. E yl. — 2. E om. to aix add. exe οἱ sel XJ ‏ܐ ܐܐ ܨ‎ ST ‏ܠܐܚ‎
‎as! Ub asian! ΓΝ εἰς ss ‏ܨ‎ Les, ex ‏ܝ‎ FU US 0 ‏ܠ‎ à) ‏ܐܨ ܐܐܟ‎
asi. 3, BEG 0 3 M 33,

performed a wonderful thing concerning this holy priest James, whom we
have named, since he was counted worthy to receive a revelation. For while
he was in his cell at prayer ‏ܬܠ‎ Lo his eustom, he saw a marvellous
vision, in which our pure Lady, the Mother of the Light. appeared to him
standing beside his lead at night, wearing a great crown, and shining
with a very great light, and aceompanied hy two angels. And the Queen
of Truth said to him : « O my son James, what harm have 1 done to thec?
1! is 1 that have brought thee up from thy ehildhood, and preserved thee
till now, since my beloved son elected thee from the time when thou wast
in thy mother's womb, to set thee over his household; and vet now thou
hast departed from me. — Do not so, but rise up aud return to the place which
thou hast quitted. For thou shalt be chief over a great congregalion, namely
those who have been chosen for the place of rest; and (hat time is near
and not far off ». Then à. great fear. fell upon him. But he had not two
minds nor any manner of doubt concerning the dream which he had beheld ;
nay, he rose up quiekly, and returned to the holy. desert. Mizàn al-Qulàb.
As soon as he arrived there, the Lord desired that he should be comforted,
and caused the spiritual father Macarius to appear tb him, saying : « Bles-
sed is thy coming hither, Ο thou in whom the Lord has eonfilence! Sce
now, be not of two minds, and doubt not concerning ilie dream which thon
hast seen, for through thee my sons shall reassemble iu their dwelliugs,
from which Satan hax seattered them ».
