420 WISTORY OF THE PATRIARCHS. [534]
ολ) Dos nj οἱ A Xi) US Quo ὦ Xe ο) Lus p, ὰν
Dy Qe oh pli 4) ὁ Us cen syl cose es Rey oise
‏ܠܠܝܣܐܙܝ ܢ‎ Ge Et REL ΟΣ ‏ܨܬ‎ ὁ Al GUY ut dl de po
d o Gi 4 - het G3 quel 1  - ‏ܝ‎ - -
De pl A Xa κο ο οσο. ‏ܐܝܝ ܘܚܝ‎ CUS

νο ο Jet zd Li LE dt iebdl Job Lii
le es Db al GUI νι Ve sae M am
Gsm fub. eua οὐ» of, R$ UE Rosi Je Gas ‏ܐܬܕ ܐܢܐܕ ܠܢ‎ GE s
c qu Se (X ο ‏ܘܝܢ‎ Ul UY CU eJ Es asl X Lus
eH PSI S AG E ο aeo 3 ‏ܕܥܡ‎ Lt 4 us LE Cul ve
AA ‏ܕܟ‎ cy ute Ut pol ‏ܕܩ‎ AY ‏ܘܨ‎ pe O6 Uy Cell ‏ܝܕܨ‎ cal ἘΠῚ

descended upon him, he adorned it with all kinds of decoration, until it
became a sadness to the Chaleedonian hereties, and ἃ joy aud delight to
the faithful orthodox.

And on the 17th. day of Tüt, the feast of the Cross, the bishops who
were in the distriet of Alexaudria, with other neighbonriug bishops of Egypt,
assembled together: and the church was eonsecrated in the name of the Lord
Jesus Christ. — How great was the joy on that dav, with the singing of
hymns and pronouncing of blessings and glorifying of God, as the heavenly
orders do in the highest! And the patriareli gave large alis on that day
to the poor aud needv. How many were the works of the glorious father,
Mark the patriarch! For they cannot be counted, nor can my fecble tongue
describe them.

In those days the father appointed a superintendent over the patriarchal
service. — But that snperintendent was full of jealousy and malice against
all teu, and especially against a secretary. of our father Abba Mark, whom
he aceused of all wickedness, in order (hat onr father, the patriarchi, might
easl ont that secretary, and commit the care of hie ehurch to the superintendent
by himself alone. And although our father restrained him, and forbad him
Lo say such words, vet. he would not receive the medieine from the phy-
sician, So on a certain day, namely the 16th. day of Fübah. when the holy
father was about to commemorate the death ol the father John, who went to
his rest on that day, that. wicked man appeared, and began to calumniate
the brother and secretary, as Joseph's brethron did to him. — "Then tlie
