1529] PT. |. CH NIN. MARK I, A. D. 799-819. 415
FN TUE ‏ܚܕܘ‎ GS cR dE gl e ‏ܚܨ‎ AN

hole A5 eL, οἱ use i 6 vU ΕΣ a 55 dz LU
cem ARD pl umm οἱ οἷο ‏ܘܕܛ̈ܝܨܢ‎ GLS CU ‏ܐܕ‎ Ge pb Sal
23595. δ 0 Gens Juil em di Ce Ὁ 5 EM Je cu ως
A LAN μα μμ dal SLI SJ dues Lila eI e
oU UD bles uu c JM Lis M IS c £e AJ Ses
pren JS τό à dt, US ‏ܘܕܦ̈ܝܨܢ‎ ο Li ae dub qd gas ai
Ass SAN RJ AU us SU eU] as ‏ܕܝܢ‎ λα ΝΗ δ «Ji ‏ܒ‎
‏ܒܘ‎ Lai pax 5 " oi Ki JB th οἷς n EUST
le Us οἱ od as cA Cc cA Je ve qe Le 0

1. E om. to St, — 2. Fa. — 3. Ια om. — 4 Β 03 — 5. E om. i
Les add. aid! ‏ܟܫܐ ܬ ܐܚܘܢ‎ - QA oed 3x2 ‏ܫ‎ E die - us
ls Ji κ, uk SS. — 6. Mss. JN. — 7. BDFG SES

2

pointed Abraham to Atrib and George, his father, Lo Tunbudha; and these
two bishops became his elect ones to the day of their death. Glory be
to the Lord Jesus Christ, who rejoices over those that return to life!

The Barsanuphians of Egypt, mentioned above, when they saw that
their chiefs had returned to orthodoxy, and that no foundation remained for
their community, wrote to Abba Mark, praying him to visit them and
consecrate their churches, And when he read the letters, he rejuicel
exceedingly, and left all his work, and went in haste to Misr, amd cou-
secrated their churches and monasteries for them, and established lituruies
for them accurding to the ecclesiastical rule, and gave them the Holy
Mysteries of the Body and Blood of the Lord lesus Christ, our God, So
there was at Fustà( Misr great joy and spiritual gladness.

And the Lord Jesus Christ did for our holy father Mark all that he asked
ofhim. Aud all the congregations assembled to hear his diseourse and liis
salutary doctrines. — "lius after à [ew davs lie found that the chureh which
he had consecrated for the Barsanuphians, the followers of that doctrine,
would not contain the congregation, when he went thither to celebrate the
liturgy.  Therelore he called the workmen, and spent mouey upou it from
his own resources, so that ‏ܬܐ‎ was rebuilt and became a handsome edilice.
For this reason it is called the patriareh's chureh to the present day.
