438 IISTORY OF THE PATRIARCIIS. [532]
is om ον ο ο

αν ο οὐ ‏ܡܨ ܘܨ‎ A δε Db coa wo Es ule dol la ‏ܠܬ ܨ‎
Les urs Pole E boo, LAN ee pull 95" Je Tos ο Rr»
Li ‏ܒ‎ LES UG QV oos eee < ` 5 1  (
Cond en ο ο κο νο.»
dece QU ο)! SE GUY ‏ܐܨ‎ LMI iru Le Y. ae! US GUYS
at opel d'asile d yis ‏ܢܐܝ‎ Ge ‏ܝܨ‎ EN οἷς, οὔ C 5} Ma
cJ ob οὐ A les ὃν Gig! co ‏ܬ‎ οὐ OU Just GA ds ‏ܘܐܥܐܨ‎ GA
υπ μὰ GA Les οἱ pe ioa ‏ܘܨܬ‎ Cal ον à pl GO Le
pile bai QU EU QU ο ‏ܠܐܐ‎ sé CLS Le cal
AI no - Ν < δυό ‏ܐ‎ yb κάν sl 9 eel ssl nube

1. E om. to y. — 3. F add. QU CX < - 3. F om. to Lx, — 4. D
add. ‏ܠ‎ οἱ. ο | ABEFG taxi. — 6. om. λα
om. to eu là add, Rus LU esM Dis us sols GN De e ‏ܘܕܨ‎ MES ‏ܐܨܝ‎
‎es CMS must, — 8. Mss. Lis Y Get Gk,

Bui when God's favour had thus been shown, Satan, the perpetual
adversary of peace and supporter of evil, would not endure it. Therefore he
began to bring great. trouble upon the. desert of Wadi Habib, which is a
place where the Arabs dwell. — Now the desert of Wadi Habib had been
like the Garden ol Eden. But the Arabs plundered it. and took the
monks captive, and demolished the churches and the eells there. And
the holy. seniors were scattered in every part of the world When
therefore. the father, Abba Mark, saw such a calamity, tliis siint. and mine
of spiritual elarity, whence love and faith abouuded towards all men, es-
pecially those in the holy desert ol our fathers, meditated on these things.
And he conll not bear this grief, but. ‏ܠ‎ the Lord From the depths
of his heart, repeating the words of David in the Palm! : « My. heart is
disquieted. within me, and in my veins a fire is kindled, © Lord, let me
know my eud; for my hope is vanished, and 1 have no harbour. of safety
where 1 ean be secure. For tlie jov of Egypt has ecased, and Wadi Habib,
the Holv of Holies, has heeome a euin, the dwelling of wild beasts. The
homes of our blessed fathers, who passed their uights in prayer, have
become the resort of the. owl and the. deus of. ‏ܒ‎ foxes; namely this ‏ܐ‎

1. Ps. 0 ἦν 5 ‏ܒ ܙ‎
