408 IISTORY OF THE PATRIARCIIS. [522]
gen ο) Sees AS Lex Us ας ll ἢ οἱ ete ‏ܐܨ‎ zo aile
le Ὁ le οἱ τῷ uio uo οὐ 7 ue 5 53 39 ‏ܝ‎ LA μ
cu) le 4 ot ὡ ὁ Δ᾽ duas ‏ܠܐܒ‎ Gy ciel eux. ἰ Le)
vem) gie Je dl lena DEAN aed plie pi dé ο LL ‏ܨܘ‎ uem
‏ܘܐܕ‎ e és ca dia οὐ tel dés αὐ A eiim ‏ܕܩܐܘ‎ que e) A
ge emo des ‏ܢܢ ܕܐܨ‎ is ded SA ‏ܐܨܦ‎ dux
ο ‏ܕܝܬ ܝܘ‎ qno ο πα ο.
al ES db συ ο) ‏ܕܐܨܚܐܨܐ‎ US US ‏ܘܕܨ‎ us bb nom LS ovs
dl, Δ Δεν AV eo ule cule GS «4 Les Lit οὐ coa ὦ

1. E om. with 2 f. wds., add. ο — 3. E om. to — 9. — 3. E om. to LE —
4. E om. lo ‏ܐܐܡܬܢܬ‎ add. es Sol es LS ssl ol, Ji eut

Le JS ike Qo». NT Jia.

words : « May the Lord preserve thy days, and exalt thee vet more, and
increase thv power! Thon knowest that tly servant has not been made
ruler over money and revenue, but over souls and churches. 1 request then
of thy highness, — for we have lere churches, some of which were. demo-
lished by the tyrant before thx arrival in Egypt; and 80. the Lord demolished
his houses, and eut off his life from the earth. If then tliy wisdom sees
good to order tliat we rebuild our churches, so that we may pray in them
and intercede for thy highness, the matter lies iu. thy hands ». Then God
quickly put it into the. governor's heart that he should give orders for the
restoration of the churches; aud accordingly all the churehes of Fustat Mise
were rebuilt. And all the orthodox rejoiced greatly, and praised God lor the
great mercy which he had granted to them, and their sadness was turnod
into jov. And our father Mark utiered praises in the spirit, and sang with
David! : » Blesxed is the Lord who has not rejected my prayer, nor removed
his mercy from me ».

Fhen Abba Mark returned to Alexandria, and occupied himself with ‏ܕ‎
‎taining the unity of the two sees of Alexandria and Antioch. For he wrote
aveording to custom a synodieal letter, which was full of all wisdom, and
sent it to Cvriacus, patriarch of Antiochi, inforining hiur therein of the decease
of the father, Abba John, and relating how he himself had taken his seat
upon the evangelica! throne. Ανά Abba Mark in his epistle reminded Abba

1. Ps. © 20 Sept. ‏ܟ‎ (

= — --
