[507] PT. 1. CIE XiN. JOHN IV, A. D. 775-799. 393
Lens qe fee DS 7 el Las ge WAYS GAL RS plots al
ail, aile ent Cy Ul Tail ΟΥ̓ del «cula GE ail c y JI
die Jet ecole Les ὦ OV LAC ὃς ls οἱ ou ‏ܝܐ‎ οὐ Ul
Pons oue οὐ) 65 ὁ» - 5 34 Ὁ ον ο lil OAM
UÉ οἱ rl eue Ul ‏ܐܢ‎ σὰ. cha ‏ܺܒ‎ οὖν LS ‏ܠܝܐܘ‎ ule pastel
Le OV οἳ uas Net ‏ܘܨ‎ ose Je JS Jéel ui RUN ος ὁ
3 c de eum LS diy Cal LR Jo Us Ul οὐ) dizels οί βοῦν JeY
oen oe RUM, ‏ܥܨ ܥܨ ܙܸܒܼܘ ܦܨ‎ οὐ ‏ܐܚܪ‎ ere ‏ܐܚܨ‎ ame. ls ps pl
4g Ule JS CS ‏ܐܨ‎ ορό ob eit S UL ON JB Col bbs ‏ܐܠܨ‎ µου
ay ule uit AU Ud obs MSG οἱ Le Gil GUME Je Y inn,
Uu ‏ܘܐ‎ Qi 36 (eum jee ES θα Qe UV dt ο. Cb a

1. E om. to Ul > — 2, ‏ܝ‎ 5 | Fr κά. — 4. E om. to
gpl GEL. — δ. DF om. 3 add. o JS cis.

sation from God, and through the united votes of the metropolitans and
bishops and of all the laity of Syria and the East. — lle was full of the Holy
Ghost, and when he heard of the works of the holy father, Abba John,
he suinmoned his metropolitans and bishops, and said to them : € We must
not delay writing to the father, Abba John, who occupies the evangelical
throne in the great city of Alexandria, which is an inheritance of ours from
our fathers, since the time of the father Severus and of Theodosius, who
both fought for the orthodox faith. » Now 1 have already mentioned the
deceased father, Abba George, and observed that in the past years, during
which he was in prison, no svnodical letter came from him to Egypt to
the father Mennas, on account of Abha George's troubles and confinement,
and because Abba Mennas also did not write, being otherwise occupied
through the persecution which he sulfered at tlie hands of the excommuni-
cated deacon Peter, the apostate un worthy of his name; until the patriarch
and bishops escaped [rom durance, and then the correspondence took place as
we have related above. Therefore the father Cyriaeus said : « If we should
not write, we should be guilty of an offence and a sin, on account of the
agreement and unity which exist between us. In the time of our forefathers,
thev agreed with us iu the true faith amd in charity; and they commemo-
rate our fathers" names in all the sanctuaries of Egypt. For this reason
