396 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCHS. [510]
DS dcl Esp ‏܀‎ eJ ‏ܐܚܨ‎ DR Οἱ d Role ‏ܐܚܐ‎ Lal τὸν ‏ܝܕܐ ܐܐ‎
Gau ‏ܝܫܝܐ‎ Όρο oos es ον ο ΟΡ uus anl kem Ul enr à
bos but ‏ܠܐܬ ܐܚܕܺܝܕܨܢ‎ ede Gin Gas ode pales Cole ΟἿΟΣ ‏ܦܫܟ‎ (ly
ο Ge τὸ pe κ ‏ܕܐܥ ܘܕܢ̈ܝܨܢ‎ des οἱ fs Les Ul OM sts
οὐδ ^ pes sel Gé ‏ܝ‎ UE LX ue Ci UB Rd Le
ax) ὦ 7 Duae 5 ve 9 ‏ܕܝܐ ܚ"‎ dé telles al us οὐ
Md at ¥ uui ua cub οὐ Tes ὦ» CS US all us Les Gil
4 ο. LA cS «Je 528 Y M" a qe P ob xL LE M
quel Mo ὁ» ‏ܟ‎ on AN υἱῷ γον» JS cul se Ge uie (οὐδ

1. E om. with foll wd. — 2. Mss., mt E om. to all. — 3. E om. to cos add.
Lys). — 4. E om, F X3 |i Ui M és Qt © Di. — 5. BEG L
429 ‏.ܬܢ‎ — 6. E Aes. — 7. E om. to κὶς add. ac dl 11 — 8. E om, to
cro! νο ‏ܐܬ‎ λυ;

through the Holy Ghost, he used to see that which was about to happen far
away by a great mystery, before the event took place so that he might
know it, on aeeount of his excellent virlues. Now Abba George, bishop of
Misr had gone to his rest at thal time; and he was a loly man, mereilul
and generous in alms-giving; and he had lived long among the people of
Misr, rnling them in purity and justice. — "Therefore the faithful people mourn-
ed lor him, and met together and took counsel, and wrote to the father,
Abba John, praying him to appoint his son Mark, the deacon, bishop over
them at Misr, in the place of George now at rest. When the patriurch
read the letter, he was willing that thev should obtain their desire because
of his pastoral care for their souls; and le commanded that Mark, the
deaeon, should be promoted to their see. Mark, however, refused the dignity
which was offered to him. Thereupon the patriarch eansed iron fetters to
be placed upon Mark's feet, and ordained liim priest, intendiug lo. complete
his consccralion as bishop. But this proceeding was against Marks. will,
and he was weeping and sad, saying: « O Lord, thou knowest that | am
not fit [or this post; therefore I. pray 11100, O my Lord, to save me from
this burden which | cannot bear. » And the Lord, who loves mankind,
and chooses those whom he elects for his grace before they are born, heard
him; for he said to that faithful one : « Rise, leave this place in which thou
arl. » So he arose at that moment; and the irons fell (rom his fect, aud
