410 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCIIS. [5307
(Ab aile μα Duas ol uS αὶ κ Gol tou
gr Est Ji Qi Ge ον bbs ὁ des on ὡς, ὁ Üe
A ` - ‏ܐ‎ ¬ GE Y 96 Al σιν ὁ Ge LH JE 4 9
d$ LX οσο ‏ܦ‎ uel ον Bal ρον | ua στὸν
Qe AY ‏ܐܨ‎ Re Y σῦν! Le Li ολ.» PSY uas uei T unb os ὧς
‏ܐܝܵܐ ܚܝܕ‎ dme ‏ܨܐ ܐ‎ ως aies SU ‏ܠܐܚ‎ Ki dee ΩΝ ‏ܒ ܟܝܐ‎
GUY ᾧ oae. ‏ܐܘ ܐܢܡܐܘ‎ Gui US ISl κ ολα HUB ‏ܥܨ ܢ ܥܠܐ‎ ie Lol
ΜΥ] ‏ܫܝ‎ 4e O^ ‏ܦܨ ܐܨ‎ eu es Gé ἢ LUE uU ‏ܩܥ‎ Es
‏ܝܨ‎ Sed ge du Mb Js Jud LES à ouf men ϱ ο dd 1

1. E om. lo alle add. past Mat ο Us cale 4 D

3 F RU. — 4 Fom. with f. wd. add. ‏ܒ‎ A? ax. — 5. E om. lo
"m ML add. LE F Es 5 ‏ܝ‎ + a! Bit 6. F om, with f. wd. 7 Ε
uem. -- δι Fass. — 0. ‏ܐܐ‎ ie. — 10. F add. 10 — AL. BDFG it, —
12. DF om. to ix. — 13. DF add. i224]. — 14. E om. to p NN.

And this wonderfal grace inereased iu his days. But the Enemy wonld
not be patient, when he saw this prosperity and these sublime events, and
how the patriarch established the divine precepts in the hearts of tlie
faithful, and the liberation of the eaptives who returned through his prayers.
Therelore Satan discharged his arrows agaiust the Church of the east. For
he influenced one of the metropolitans of Cyriacus, patriarch of. Antioch,
named Abraham, so that he spoke perverse words of tho inysteries of Christ,
such as we should have no desire to record, were it not necessary, lest the
hearing them should detile the ears ef the faithful and pure. For 1 know
that you are surrounded by grace at all times «hrough: that. Light of men,
Saint Mark; sinee by the prayers of our father the evangelist there will
never be a lack of grace. The error inlo which thal metropolitan strayed
was by blasphening against the mysteries. Then when our father Mark
heard of it, lie was greatly grieved and said : « What should we gain il we
were at all times ol one accord iu the faith, when 11118 strange doetrine
appears in the Church of Antioch? “This grief of mine is on account of the
union of the ortliodox fathers, to which we and they. eleave; and above all
on account of Paul's words! : « If une member of the body suffers, all the

1. I Cor., xii, 20.
