450 HISTORY OF ΤΗΕ PATRIARCIIS. [564]
0 alel cu, 4m acu ub; 530 όλ» Qs LUS able οἱ cuales
at Jet Jen Ub QU om LE ος ‏ܕܐܨ‎ ages duel c DS sais ἡ ἘΣ

$3 le D ‏ܦ‎ oa - ‏ܐ‎ ( Jef 9» te

eK ‏ܕܐܐ ܐܢܬܚܕ‎ LS oJ. Gus Ce OÙ our ‏ܐܬܒܘ‎ JUS ‏ܐܘ‎ pis pal

e eR ο Tz NI Ja Jl vs JE LS s LES ἄρα, Quel n ol
UAE ces um ah és ἀεὶ qs - Ya ‏ܝ‎ Lus ‏ܝ‎ μὸ Se dil
dE duel 8 αν pol ve NUN EUN Le, ‏ܕܐܨ‎ ὡς,

Oe 45 ci Q^ JS ces «als abs pri Q^ US NA ‏ܫ‎

goes LE Jugis Οἱ dE Lidl ‏ܦܬܐ‎ dul ὁ οὔ Gt L uS s
GS c qe ule bobos pe GUB PU. ‏ܐܚܝ‎ τὸ» ὁ XR ‏ܐܝܢ‎ al
t. E om. to àdS add. 3 E DM Ba ES — 2. E om. to Eté add. οὐ,

— É un ERA

ܝ

taken place, and the 105 0 of that which was said by the father, who
was overshadowed by the Παιν Ghost, not oue of then could say a word
against him. And their own patriarch respected. and feared him, and
would not oppose him. And the good works of Abba James increased aud
grew more than those of his monastie days. Απ] ho did not look for the
praise of men, but worked the works of God; and lis mind. was set on
high like that of Paul the apostle ', who did nol cease 10 proclaim and preach
he name of Iesus Christ, and to praise God.

And Abba James said to his people : « | hear that there are among you
vain idlers. But I pray you to do your work quietly, and eat your. bread,
according to the words ol the apostle Paul? : 1 served with my own han,
aud was uot a burden upon you. And it is good lo anprove tlie lot of the
needy ». Aud he did not take from anyone, and little of this world's goods
sullieed. him; nor did he take up arms against misforhines, as men do; but
he ate his bread with tears. Yea, his works shone forth in his 06 Aud
all that he asked of God he gave him.  Aud his word was sharper Tan a
two-edged sword.

Now ΤΟ will inforin. you, my hrethren, ihat in. (he days of this blessed
father, Abba James, there was a uear relation of his, gamed Macarius, who
Joved Christ; aud. he was ἃ prominent ollieial at Nebruwah. This man,

1. ἔριν, nu, 6: Phil, ii. 20; Col, un, 1 2. (0:50 n, 9; H Thexs., mn 8; ef.
Ε Cor., αν, 12; H Cor, Si, tU.
