ܓ

(527! PT. 1. CH. XIX. MARK Ill, À. D. 799-819. 413
ἀράν! a ὦ Us ‏ܠܟܢ‎ Ai ‏ܦܬܐ‎ ὁ OS AG ὥς 6 Y ων ossi ‏ܢܐ‎
‏ܐܬ̈ܬܟܢ‎ cao Xe dos ‏ܕܐ‎ quin! d ‏ܘ‎ cum μ Ve Rosi KA ade ‏ܘܟ‎
‎ο AY 25 A το ρῶν DUE ils xe LV ‏ܨܘ‎ ¥| Je Pals Ul
4 YU uad! ΟἹ es ‏ܠܐܫܬ‎ c Li ‏ܐܨ‎ ὦ ει Led ὦ ὧδ Gs Ui
AU Es CX) as qn Y. Lab GG ‏ܐ‎ im ‏ܝܐ‎ OM Ge god! EU
Bus οἱ d zJ JU où et es sn Li Eh μον JE ce 5$, S3
Bb» ‏ܘܚܘ‎ Lal ντε OU ἔα, ‏ܦܬܐ‎ VE ls nA Di a ὡς C$ ‏ܝܐ‎ gl
ὦ Set ¥ ‏ܐܢܫܐ‎ νο Gs US an ὃς die 5
SN 39 ‏ܠ‎ 0 = LG 8 ὦ» as ὁ SDS Y. Rlunl Ὁ
TUE JB - 5 Le ο o! Ge rail BUY GA «οκ

LBEG e. — 2. F om. to 5 add. Lt SLA Le 3 — 3. E om. to
‏ܒ‎ F ‏ܠܝ )ܪܐ‎ P Je ME — 4. E om. to Lil. — 5. ABDG DEN εκ...
‏ܐ‎ 9 Los, 9. 3 — 6. E om. to At add. gina. — 7. E om. to ass!
add. las! σα LES LJ ECS os e

your heretical sect, without ordination aecording to the canons. For the
Holy Ghost did not come. down upon you, as he desceuds upon bishops
at the reading of the eanouieal prayers, established for them by the apostles. »
When the two men heard these words of the patriareh, they replied. with
humility, through the grace which had come to them by the prayers of
the holy father, and said to him : « Our holy lather, hencelorth we are not
wortliy to. be in office nor to remain in it. But we eame to thee that we
might be under the shadow of tliy prayers. Only there is one thiug that
we beg of tliee, that thou. wilt pray the Lord to forgive us the olfence of
our former error and negligence. » This they said in the power of faith
and confession. And they requested him to give them iuk and paper, as
they sat before him; and they wrote in their own handwriting a declaration
that they would never, uuder pain of anathema, solieit of him a bishoprie
or any clerieal oflice in any place whatsoever. So when he saw how strong
their faith. was, and that they had returned to the orthodox belief of our
holy fathers, who were elothed with light, he blessed them from the depths
of his heart, saving like the apostle Paul! : « May the God of hope fill
you with all joy aud. peace, that you may abound in the right faith by the

1. Rom., xv, 13.
