[557] PT. t. CI. XIX. JAMES, A. D. 819-830. 448
μὰ Gi ‏ܐܢܟ‎ ae Gé TS, ske Lie iome Dod als m ‏ܐܐܪܬ‎
‏ܐܨܝ‎ ue, Eu ‏ܐܘ ܦܫܐ ܦܨ‎ Cue Lt ‏ܐܕ ܐܕܨ ܐܘ‎ νο] as ‏ܐܠܘ‎ οἱ de ‏܀‎ Lite

4 Jui (Xe ‏ܕܐܨ‎ Less Gi del ‏ܝܐܘ‎ aa des 33 AU RIR dus Juil
s AS 396 ei Jus e ‏ܫ ܐܐܝ ܨ ܘܐ ܐܝܚ‎ b ‏ܝ‎ de GI L ‏ܘܫܪ‎ o o^
SLI ie μὰ ‏ܐ‎ GA Ul ο Dub ο...

xe och Ud ez οὐ οί am qa RÀ ul dus 95 ae gt EG
lios ‏ܧܐܝܨ‎ ee e Giles OÙ ON cils C6 Ge ος «95 Je vy EU
Via um ‏ܠ‎ VE la JE SE as ER E Get Si

ss Dés « dus ob ‏ܠܐܨܢ‎ JL él Les LS abs οὐ ce οἱ oil ‏ܘܕܬ̈ܝܨܢ‎
‎I. DF om. — 2. E om. to y 4524, ev ife, add. US CN Los V UE,

e ade Lol, sx vols Qum ‏ܢܨ‎ oes FM sue E sb, ο Sp

CON asm nz FE ou am οἱ gy MOM pl. — 8. F Ji.

Thus James continued among tle monks who had remained in their
places, comforting and consoling them day after day. After he had seen
that dream, he grew in devotion and in good works, until he witnessed great
and sublime wonders; and all those that saw the light that shone around
him knew that God had chosen him. At that time God granted him a
wonderful communication. While he was standing in prayer at night, and
spending the rest of the night working with his hands according to his
custom, fear and dread eame over him, and he wept sore. lis companions
said to him : « What has belallen thee, my holy Father, art thou not as-
leep? » And he replied : « My sons, my thoughts have been caught up to
high places, and 1 heard things concerning our holy father, Abba Mark, that
he would remain patriarch forty years. But afterwards E heard another
thing from the Lord, that he will take our father the patriareh to his rest
this year. Therefore 1 wept. with a burning heart. Then | prayed the Lord
to choose him whom he will seat upon this throne for his merit ». Alter
these words he was silent. And only a short time passed after he had seen
that vision before the holy father Mark first fell sick of his mortal sickness,
as we have related that he prayed the Lord to remove him to himself.
Aud there were with the father Mark bishops, who prayed him humbly,
