106 WISTORY OF ΤΗΝ PATRIARCITS, [520]
AN ο Rem ‏ܝܐ‎ > 8 = σὴ MS gs Cs! UI
A des LU Qi Pl ἡ LUE de & CR ‏ܐܒܐ‎ vs δι
AE Je ge ‏ܐܨ‎ dim AG ‏ܩܐܝܘ‎ κά uu. ail Se Ul LS at ολο elle
oe "6 De ΟΥ dl a εν ‏ܠܐܒ‎ ον IN de I XE mil
A ο. csi Es Ul
ete de Le Mni (Lie Ul ‏(ܐܝܟܐܨܐܦ‎ CM es ail ne o LG
ΑἹ lm m dioe ctl ον ο "dues ΟΥ̓ lil ‏ܕܟܝܨ‎ cos LU JUN
ὁποῦ p dde MS Eli NU eie cR mis mel Gels Mat

(6 ‏ܝ‎ AN 30 CY © D qué οἱ» gel EL EN auos
ble L6 θε Ίος) Lu Gal SUV δω Pues Ul cane el

1. ‏ܐܐ‎ ERU — 2. ΕΕ e — 3. So ABEG: DF LR, — 4. 0 +322. —
5. ABE lof, — 6. E om. with 2 foll. wds. -— 7. Mss. ας, — 8. E om. to, «3» ο

— 9. ABDFG JR E om. with prec. wd.

when all was accomplished, a week after his eonseeration came the week
of carnival; and therefore he departei! to the holy monastery, the Monastery
of Az-Zajàj, iu order that lie might live in retirement there [or prayer during
the days of the. Fast. AMter he arrived. there, he received letters from
Abba Michael, bishop of Misr, advising him to repair to Misr alter (he holy
least of Easter, in order to pav his respeets to the? governor. This was
a dispensation from God, because some of the churches were in a state of
ruin up to that time, aud therefore the people mourned.

Aecordingly, when the feast of. Easter was over, the fatlier. patriareh,
Abba Mark, made his entry into Fustat Misr, that he might salute the σὸς
vermor, And when he reached the eity, its bishop, the father Michael,
and the people were informed. of their patriareh’s arrival, and went out to
him, earrying books of the gospel and crosses and censers, and met him
with great rejoieing aud. shouting and ehanting; and they said : « Happy
and blessed is thy. arrival amongst us, O Mark, son of Mark. ».— Then lie
preceeded to his lodging to rest, for it was the end of the dar. Aid on
the morrow the patriarehi and tlie bishop Michael, and the rest of the bishops
assembled with them, arose, that they. might pay a visit to the governor,
And when they reached the &goxernor's house, and asked permission to
see him, the governur commanded that the patriarch should enter. Then
lie went in and saluted the governor, who weleomed him: aud. afterwards
