[5531 PT. FE ΟΠ. XIX. MARK HI, A. D. 799-819, ^39
(SS LRU DUUM Le lbs Gill ὁ πεῖν ‏ܐܒܐ ܐܐܘܝܕܵܢ‎ Ge Des SU
ὃν Gap Οἱ οἱ) Quad ‏ܦܬܐ‎ Ge ο ‏ܐܠܨ‎ ο) OUI se ‏ܠܐܨܢ‎ LES ‏ܘܝܐ‎

eJ I3 ‏ܟ ܒ‎ G ὁ uds 308 ὧδ] ee 66 Jui Ma aus

gi bel 4 JB, COE  nadl ‏ܐܒܥ‎ ty Ds Pages σῷ ὃν ste ὦ
dl gps A des 4 ‏ܿܐ‎ ο de and! Ki it I it
à «UP ‏ܘܨ ܘܚܝ̈ܘܬܬܐ‎ LA auis Pes ᾧ ΤΣ ae UE UE οἱ ρὲ vis
a LAN ( ο 755 ane £ ¬ Zoe οί Lis 5 WU sis
Led bed vas elei Lis JG ail DVI Mild UB ‏ܠܐܟ‎ él, (un
bal] ‏ܘܐ‎ fXe GG ‏ܦܨ‎ LAUY AY as Eo LG LS, pull LUS Des HR
Jus AG Je AI δὼ Lex Οἱ Τὸ cle vo Li «3 Js

‎A pl, BDFG Rel. — 2. Bis E RÀ Fo. — 3. Mss. DNS. —‏ .ܬ
‎SJ. — 5. F LJ. — 6. BEG 53 F SS. — 7. D‏ ܟܠ ‎E om. to KJ! add. Leu‏ .4
ܕ ‎SARI a tus.‏

‎foul tribe. » Thus our father did not cease to weep night and day for the
distress and grief which had come, and especially for the ruin of the holy
monasteries and their churches.

‎So when the Lord saw these trials and griefs which this holy man was
enduring, he desired to give him rest from the treachery of this world.
Aecordingly he was attacked by a fever during a few days. Then Mark
the evangelist appeared to him in a dream on the 17th. day of Barmüdah,
which was the Sunday of Easter that year, and said to liim : « Rejoice,
O Mark, my trusted. successor; rejoice, Ὁ champion of the Truth! — Behold
{πὸ Lord Jesus Christ grants thee this favour, that he will transfer thee to
his eternal mansions on the day of his holy Resurrection. Be ready to
moet him this night, when thou shalt be parted from this body. And this
shall be a sign to thec. When thou shalt partake of the Holy Mysteries,
God will receive thy soul to himself. »  Therelore the holy. father ‏ܒܢ‎
‎ing said to the bishops sitting with him ` ` Hasten to celebrate the Li-
lurgy in honour of the Resurrection of Christ our Lord. » But as the
fathers and bishops saw him much agilated, they did not wish to leave him;
nevertheless, after he had made the sign of the. Cross over them, they
did as he desired, and said the Liturgy. And when tlie Lilurgv was
finished, they brought the Chaliee to him; and he partook of the Body
and Blood of Christ our God. — Afterwards, having said to them ` ` | com-
