[543] PT. 1. CH. XIX. MARK Ill, A. D. 799-819. 429
£ Ὦ ρα 0 © Se ‏ܠ‎ ais Jet ge 520 3 τ τ 5
44 2» QUÉ LU μὴ ‏ܠܐܫܐ‎ Dogs des Le Gal adus ὟΣ sie cs D al
0 lona pol le © = σὲ - pl 8 QE dès μὰ
οἱ ac κόπο χὰ ‏ܐܢ‎ ile ul Tuus ‏ܝܕܨ‎ rail ve le νὸν
gi eed ‏ܼܢܐ‎ oum το... ‏ܐܚ‎ eines Ὅσαι
De Je LS pe in D ‏ܠܐܨܥܝܬ̄‎ ce ‏ܘܰܐ‎ ὁ les LES pre ὅρμον eal dé
Bt OS us GYT Re ua ue eil οἱ ‏ܐܕܠܘ ܐܢ‎ mess coles Roles, ail,
‏ܙܢܸܫ̈ܕܐܝ ܐܗ‎ ο ‏ܘ‎ hs ο...
‏ܝܐ‎ dus sat ο) Bol οἱ) ο ab dé sé te ues οἱ Eu ‏ܐ ܨܐܘ‎ ὁ»
oe ral us Dada lil bai xe wa ele Q6, dl ο) don
4pm ‏ܘܐ‎ Ὁ pis 035 ΚΟΥ pas ‏ܐ‎ pe ‏ܨܐ‎ gas RE μὲν all ρόδα

1. F om. {ο YE — 2. ABDG. peu om. ο. — 3. EF om. to Li

me, a nation will come [rom the west. and will destroy without mercy this
people and this city, and plunder all that it contains. » And after he
had said this, Alexandria was invaded by a host of those wlio are called
Spaniards, laden with much booty froi the islands of the Romans. Aud
they continued to make raids from Egypt, as they had done elsewliere, upon
the islands of the Romans, plundering them, and bringing the captives to
Alexandria, and selling them as slaves. — Therefore when our father Mark
saw these captives, he was grieved because human beings were sold, as
if they were cattle; moreover many ol them became Muslims. And because
his heart was compassionate he redeemed many of them, such as monks
and priests and deacons and virgins and mothers of children, until he had
bought as many as six thousand souls. When he purchased oue of these
prisoners, he wrote a deed of emancipation for him on the spot, and gave
into his hand a letter which set him free. And Abba Mark said to those
whom he liberated | « lf any ol you wish to settle with me, he shall be
as my son. But to him that desires to return to his native country |
will give the means of bringing him to his own people. » Au many of
them, when they saw his deeds, settled with him. And he placal them
with teachers, who taught them the Psalms and the doctrine of the Church.
But to those that preferred to go back to their people he gave provisions
for the journey and ail that they required. Then the report of him and
what he did was spread abroad in the kingdoms and among the ollieials
