“A1 IISTORY OF THE PATRIARCHS. [528]
mél Yi ὁ LR Lots ‏ܘܿܨ ܚ‎ US ce LS e ‏ܐܐܘ‎ JUN Je JE LS
Li it ae Slt 25 dé ‏ܐܒܨ ܛܰܢ‎ AE ‏ܐܝܬ‎ lé ail ca 552
Lens) μωρο κ. £ aus eol < be OH ARL g Al le &
go At Rus els 35 5 ou - ¬ SAN Gue Li : -
ue HUY cedi Fans oy Ge te ail e el ee ες ὁ bye Le
ο O6 Lo ‏ܒܝ‎ LI ue CES mo να c
ARA GA ‏ܐܚܨ‎ cou uU aub κυ ‏ܒܝܨ‎ lis à ‏ܩܐܨ‎ ciel all ci
ia. ‏ܧܐܘ ܐܨ‎ EXAM anl Just ‏ܐ ܠܝܐ‎ Jet ‏ܚܠܐܨ‎ ose Ge he μοὶ
Me DA p XY ALI ο ο ο eie cR veni ele, El
LV de ce DUE quiz QUE ae, ἴμεν a art cuis ἀρ SU
‏ܐܢܨ ܚܕ‎ ule ehe! RES ‏ܐܨܚ‎ ο Lu 53 ‏ܐܩܝܐ‎ a. PX,

1. DF om. to 2 — 2, K om. to. sd add, sm SN Lau su UK

- ÈS Q2

A, 3, E om. to μον, add. en NES Ax. — ^. F om. — 5. Mss. 1H

power ol the 4 Ghost! » And accordiug to the custom of charity, and
the manifestation of good. at all times, aud the rewarding of it, Gad soon
declared himsell to those two men.

Then Abba Mark commanded. that those two men, George and his son
Abraham, should be received. And after the © had aseertained their
intentions, he ordained them bishops, and read the canonical prayers over
them, and elothed them with the episcopal vestments in the church of the
martyr, ‏ܥ‎ Mennas, at Maryüt, ou the day of his glorious feast, whieh
is the 15th. of Hatür, when all the orthodox people were assembled to keep
the martyrs lestival And the congregation. stood upon tiptoe, that they
might see what was taking place. And they glorified God, who performed
wonders hy the laid of this holy man, saying ` « Glory he to thee, O Lover
of mankind, who hast saved the souls of these two meu from the service of
Satan, the sedncer. » Then when the patriarch had finished the celebration
af the holy feast, he returned to the ety ol. Alexandria, accompauied bv all
Πιο people with great. rejoicing: for they praised him because he had pre-
sented this olfering to the Lord. Aud he took those two bishops to himself,
and attached them to his person. But after a little while two bishops died
among Those iu. the land of Egypt, one of them being + bishop of
"Tanbudla, and the other, Meunas, bishop of ‏ܣ‎ "heu the patriareh ap-
