308 HiSTORY OF THE PATRIARCIIS. [512]
48 Jl, ‏ܚܫ‎ e 24M Aui es JA ὠς $c dé ο ae 3 es la, όσον
JE en 06 ον» JS ὁ
sis RAM ‏ܕܐܚܨ‎ (| Le ο GA La ey Le Lis Ji dit er c
¢ ‏ܝ‎ Me JU. ge us κ - :- Fu 3 une do T
Du Es ὁ οἱ HS D οἱ «pel duel lat ὦ SE uu σον gu
ve Δ ο αὶ es ohm pie OÙ ο ὁ USE ‏ܢܝܨ‎ Tec Poss Jl
QS TN PA ἀμ! bs αἰ, 3 & ‏ܘ < ܚ‎ les Cape pw "P σοὶ
ds gs ον ὧν ραν DÉS oe ὁ pot s ΟΝ D ολ es CE ϱ)
νο ο CN ‏ܝ ܠ‎ dies aile ue GE 45 Len
JE pes ‏ܐܕ‎ oi ‏ܐ‎ cen ΟΥ) E Lis LS ον be Gates ον
‏.ܐ‎ Fadd.a Le. — 2. ‏ܐܐ‎ Ms, — 3. E om.; F om. to δὲ» add. Ls ess ali,
— 4. E alb. - 55. E om. to JU. add. co Ὁ ani QE. — 6 E ‏ܐܒܨܢ‎ —
7 EF om. — 8, ABDEF 324^. — 9. Mss. sal. — 10, DF BL.

asked his pardon. And he was no longer displeased with Mark, who from
that day enjoyed high estimation with the patriarch, and was never separated
from him again, but accompanied him wherever he went.

Then the patriarch betook himself to Fustàt. Misr, on account of the
taxes which were impused upon the Church property; and this was the
last time that he went thither. And Satan, the -hater of good, con-
trived that certain persons should attack Abba John. For Satan said:
« This old man resists me, and builds ehurches and memorials; 1 also will
cause his remuneration to be scanty. » There was at that time a governor
who hated Christ; and Satan suggested to him that he should demolish
some of the eliurches of Misr. But the. Lord who loves mankind. speedily
took vengeance on that man, and he suddenly died an evil death. And
after him there was appointed in his room a person who favoured the
Christians. Sa he directed them lo elean out the churehes, which his pre-
decessor had begun to pull down; but he did not bid them rebuild. Now
the patriarch was at Misr, where he had accomplished all his duties, and
was inlending to returu Lo Alexandria. — But it was the feast of the Lord,
the 28th. day of Kihàk, So the bishops and laity begged him to eclebrate
the Liturgv. for them, and to eommunicate them, before he separated from
them. And this prophecy. was current among them, that they should receive
the Ifoly Mysteries from his hand before his departure from this world.
