[539] PT. I. CH. XIX. MARK III, A. D. 799-819. 425
ον el pem exe α ΟἹ ‏ܐܢܒ‎ ο ul cal JS CX σοὶ
st DM ue Je A LE a JE αὐ Je Me ‏ܝܕܨ‎ mS ol ot
aus Je - «lla De a Lum 39 ‏ܝ‎ a» diy gt ‏ܢܘ‎ "σον an
QG ‏ܐܬܢ‎ DS dei QU ‏܀‎ UB dne ‏ܘܕܨ ܐܒܝܨܢ‎ dt ‏ܝܐ‎ ule di Ces Lx
Me qe - OS 5 DG ge 3 Ὁ QUI ο dea d
m$ A ‏ܢܚ‎ μὰ de ‏ܐܢܬܘܢ‎ οἱ μὸν LA HU 4918 ass CS Ub
P ce zum ddl JUD HE ‏ܝܕܨ‎ SLE die dus LA GL dics
«ὁ QU Ch σῇ Ὁ Gud et ‏ܐܐ̈ܨ‎ Lt Αα...
λα OU AY! 4 ‏ܐܘܚܨ‎ LOU. coli Je ‏ܕܐܨ ܕܐܨ‎ ολ 2
JU QU el dé ede deus qd Ai Lt σον une oe ele

1 3. — α ‏ܐ};‎ ὃν, - § FB 1 à ‏ܝ‎
‎1. ABDG es. 2. F DUE nz 8. E om. to eb Re add Ree f.

ER)
“Ὁ

LA, ‏ܒܬܕ‎ d ΝΣ oh

we io do with thee, Jesus, thou Son οἵ God, art thon come to destroy us
before the time when we shall be chastised? Now, my Lord Jesus Christ,
drive away this uncleun devil, aud cast him out of this man! » And when
he had said this, the man fell upon the ground, and became unconscious
and tranquil as if he were asleep; and when lie arose, ἃ moment afterwards,
the devil had left him through the 6 prayers. So that man threw
himself at Ahba Mark's holy feet, and thanked. God for the deliverance thus
granted. — Then the father repeated to him the words, addressed by Jesus in
ihe gospel to the man with the withered hand, after he healed him : « Thou
art made whole, therefore sin no more, lest worse things than this 18101]
thee'. And beware how thou goest up to receive the Holy Mysteries, and
learn that the punishment whieh overtook thee was because thou didst
communicate of the Holy Mysteries unprepared. Therefore guard thyself
from vain words, which come forth. from thy mouth. »

You have seen then, my frieuds, this excellent grace of which our
father, the patriarch Abba Mark, was counted worlhy, and that by the word
of his mouth he cast out devils by command and with authority, like the
pure apostles and disciples of Christ. He also anointed many of the sick
with oil in the name of the Lord Christ, and prayed over them, and they
quickly recovered their health. And if any objeetor say : « Why did he

1. ‏ܕ‎ John, v, 1^.
