424 IISTORY OF ΤΗΡ PATRIARCIS. [538]

Am Des e Jm ced à ὦ» ὁ 1 gl ‏ܫ‎ δ slt Ub ‏ܐ‎ due PS
24H
Le See ‏ܠܵܘ ܐܨ‎ Gi, RG «cuis Lt uud ν SY M

DM uua Ab Geb un CARS ns ‏ܘܟܝܨ‎ je dose ae HB as ο UJ OVI
"SL t, ait ot ἄρα». η 10.2 $30J6 ‏ܐ ܐܝܐܝ‎ Los 3 Cass 7g él
On ‏ܨܪ‎ QUA & QU ἘΠ ‏ܨ ܘܘ‎ RÀ) pue οὐ Las de bbs Di
po ὦ ‏ܒ‎ Ds «λε gm ( ® ‏ܠ‎ à al re GE uu, QU
cud 1 ΦΆ I Uis LUE ‏ܠ‎ «us e - Qi ος ϱ) UG, end
due AE οἱ e^ Re iie. UN gm ὃν. 50 DATE)
A sul pou Gell ὦ SS Less col US$ ml GA cils ο!

Lg 2 hu 2. pu ae DRE esu CNT ‏ܒܬܐ‎ sg p Uu! coa
gl mis. — 3, E om. to pe add. ἔμ jc LETS 50 ὃ sns Lot ots
Bet ees, — 4. DEF. dat, — 5. D omn. F om. to Gb. — 6. AFG ds, — 7, B Duel

y ‏ܫ‎ DE 2 2)

EG bal. — 8. E om. to res — 9. Mss, om. 2. — 10. E om. to sh! LJ add, Ne,

I ‏ܗܨ‎ Gal alia ua cos) ide. ‏,ܬ ܚ‎ Fes ss! LM RE

came down again upon the waves of the sea, where they all perished,
through his prayers.

lear now, my fathers and brothers, ἃ thing at whieh. your hearts. will
rejoice on account of the gift of divine merey, whieliGod. gave to this fa-
16 After this event, while he was returuing from ( and was making
a visitalion of he people, he passed through a town now called Agharwali.
but 1u former times Aghra. And the elergy came out to ineet him aecord-
ing lo the enstom, that they might chant before him, with a body. of the
laity, chief nien and leaders of the people; and he blessed them and praved
for all of them. And there came out among the others a person possessed
by a devil, which threw him down in the midst of the people, and clioked
him until foam llowed from his month. So our father, when he saw that
man, pified him and was sorev, and being filed with the Holy Ghost, said
to the people : « Bring him to me. » Then Abba Mark signed that man's
face with the sign of the Cross, and said : « Ο Lord Jesus Christ, the only-
begollen Word of the Father, who didst coufonud the devils and free thy
ereatüres from them, thon art ho whom the devils recognised, and thou arl
he who didst east them dowu to lHIell, wherefore thev eried' : What have

I. × Matth, viri, 29.
