444 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCIIS. [558]
3 SJ a dt GU Jur οἱ ts 7 EU ( 0 >- li SUI £
s nl ‏ܘܐ ܪܨ ܐܠܟ‎ Get ‏ܬܚܟ‎ uie de ος Οἱ ina ὦν
hall uU as! a; ( JE ` ‏ܝ‎ 5 Gus dos ‏ܘ‎ oise ‏ܨܠܐ‎ GEL
τω ael Lu RUE ‏ܦܨ‎ Pull n ‏ܛܶܢ‎ ce SL ue ‏ܐܒܨܘ‎ RUE e des
‏ܕ‎ o ϱ-ν ede pis dos οἱ les EN UNE Ὁ ‏ܐܝܐܘ‎ e o6 ο
Les Le PS JE da ο οσὶ Lt Gi ^ 4 2 ol NEA
de ‏ܦܟ‎ UR ul ο ἡ Rs ces GA ail Foie Lans JE, "
MAUS uie RO ide uui ρ ‏ܐܒܢܐ‎ us ¥ Db CEE μὴ us dub ο
- JE MAU UG Cast 45 LS 5 3 e ges "T ἐ-
> S ΟΝ de be σος σῦν! és wa 17 of) ‏ܠ‎ Liu
‏ܕܨܚܐ܀ܘ̈‎ ο ο JE LS ο ‏ܩܐܨ‎ d les oo ‏ܐܵܨ‎ 0 ail
pui Lt jh quM. US ‏ܥ‎ y.

1. ΡΕ om. with f. wd. — 2. ABDG ‏ܥܨ‎ ΤΡ et — 3. F prefixes ss. —

^. F om. — 5. F om.

saying : « Our blessed Father, we beg thee to tell us what the Lord has
revealed to thee. Who is worthy to sit after thee upon the evangelical
throne? » But the holy father would not reveal nor declare to the bishops
that he kuew aught of this matter, only answering them thus : « The Lord
has lighted the lamp, and set it on the eandlestiek, that it may give light
to all in the house, which is his Clureh ». But one of the bishops, in
whom was a firm faith in the father patriareh, stood up and began lo beg
and adjure him, in the ame of the Lord and of the holy see, to declare who
it vas that the Lord had chosen to sit after him upon the throne. Then
he auswered in a low voice and said lo that bishop: « The holy James of
the chureh of our father, Saint Macarius, is the man adorned by his deeds ».
And he commanded the bishop not to disclose this secret 10 auyone, and
made him swear this for the sake of the Church, (at they might see the
glory of God perfeeted in him. After that the holy lather died, as we have
before related. © the great glory of the throne of Saint Mark the evan-
gelist, and of all that sit thereupon! For by the grtee of the Holy Spirit,
the Fire, they are chosen and eleeted through his deseent upon each one
of them, As the Lord said to his disciples and. aposiles  : > Behold, 1 am
with you all days even unto the end of the world ».

]. 5. Matth., xxvii, 20.
