400 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCIIS. [514]
‏ܣ‎ dun Geom Y EU ‏ܐܘ‎ i; ‏ܒܠ‎ Cb xd al ‏ܡ‎ 3200 «yl
TY , "m ‏ܟ‎ " ia Q^ p dy 7 £: due m m u oy
σῷ EN ‏ܐܚܒܢ‎ Ὁ ‏ܨ‎ ΦᾺ at GA pol ie ΟἹ Ge οὐ dos
dA ‏ܘܒܨ ܡܨ‎ qu d An uie οἱ συ
> ‏ܘܨ‎ | LU ee 35 ‏ܘܝܘ ܘܨ )ܝ‎ dé Sn Jl 35 ‏ܝ ܡܗ‎
3 01 FA LA Jh gr de ωϑ UA ‏ܘܕܨ‎ 22ο) es. ds RE ς ἆ δω]
doo tubes οἱ hl)! ls 9 ‏ܐܝܒܥ‎ UE κ λα) C. Cz CUI jé daa
gd ‏ܨ ܝܐ‎ ον uus dey VE dil uS ue VS unm ‏ܩ‎ duis eS Ji

1. Mss. hls, — 2. Mss. SAT US, 3. Mss, bo. — 4. EF e Le,

he hegan to suffer from pains in his head. Now the fathers and bishops
hoped ibat he might attain his desires, and that his heart might be satis-
fied; and they said to him : « Our father, let not thy heart he troubled
because the ehurch is wreeked! The Lord will raise up for it one who will
rebuild it, so that it shall be better than it was before, in return for thy
pravers aud thy holy life. » But the patriarch did not heed their words,
for his heart was oceupied with the voice that he had heard, telling him
that he was about Lo depart from this world. So he prayed the bishops,
saying to them : « Take ine to my city, the place which the Lord ehose
for me, thai 1 may worship the Lord upon the throne of my father, Mark
the evangelist, before my soul leaves my body. »

And they obeyed him, and earried him to a boat. And there were
with him of the bishops Michael, hishop of Misr, and George, bishop of
Memphis. And on the day of their departure from Misr, a new governor,
named El-Laith, son of El-Fadl, was appointed over Egypt; and he was a
good man and favoured the Christians. And while we went down the river,
the ‏ܠ‎ began to address us, as he sat in the boat, saymg : « À
thought has come into my mind, which ] will tell you for the sake of your
holv lives; and | will reveal to you. what fies hid from yon. You know
what trouble 1 have encountered, and how 1 have endured even to the shed-
ding of blood. But now Lam about 10 be removed to the plaee where my
fathers dwell. For 1 prayed. God not to take me away suddenly without
fruit, but to leave me for one year, and to. grant to me that 1 might tum
