{559] PT. t. CHI. ΝΙΝ. JAMES, A. D. 819-830. 445

0 OÙ dà ue, à Qi 0 cuis uel cs Les ‏ܦ«‎ Ie ual Ul
ce Ce a V © σε Gel (A Le 4 ος odes ol JS De GS
Je Ὁ des ah UG SOU ὁ vum «δα Lil SU anus dl lie
1 qu ns ‏ܝܗ‎ "a

ο Ge ο u db bel ir ‏ܐܝܐ‎
‎Ae; qw SE ὃν ρῷ ὁ» cel o p eel ΚΝ, ἃ ‏ܠܐܘ‎ ἀεὶ NAT Co,
Senex TE ‏ܕܕܟܝܨ ܕܸܒ̣ܕܝܘ ܟܺܐܢܺܐܢ ܐ‎ GLACE ‏ܝܕܨ‎ did πὸ JU qul
Hos Pea all ‏ܠܨ‎ ο 8 μου ‏ܝܕܐܕ‎ Lies Glad
LR ‏ܒ ܒ‎ εὐ

ܐܢ

lis ‏ܐܨ‎ ie uud pris eie bias RA Ria Gen, Doy UD,

1, "v CONS o» — 2. F Louie QM usd en. — 3. ΡΕ

CoL
Ae. — 4. F om. to S. add. ὁ S εν QUU SU, es ων» Mo — | FUÉ
«ὐ5.- 6. E om. to ‏ܒܝ‎ add, ND Lun ὅς ue QU .— 7. BDEG . uei, ΝΙΝ |
— 8. E om. with f. wd. — 9. BDEFG om. — 10. F add. es — IL. E om. to iig

& om. to ‏,ܠܝ )ܦܬܐ‎ 12. So DF; ABG om. — 13. ABDG s. — 14. F EUM.

Now I would recount to you a few of the deeds of the holy James, the
priest, while he was a monk, before he was ordained priest, and before
he sat upon the throne, if 1 did not know my iucapacity, and that 1 cannot
at all attain to an adequate description o[ the maguitude of his aelions, and
of the glory of the Trinity which surrounded hin. — For this reason I will
abridge my disconrse. As for his ordination aud that which he endured
at first, those things were a profit and a blessing to all the orthodox.

When our father, :he patriarch Abba Mark, went to his rest. the Church
and all the people mourned. for him deeply, and above all the God-loving
cily of Alexandria, because they missed the sight of their father among them,
and because of his absence lrom them. Alter a time the fighting and
conflict ceased in Alexandria aud. Egypt, and among all the tribes. of the
Spuuiards uud Lakhmites and Madlajites. — Then the people begau to
pray aud. beseech God to remember his Church, which he bought with his
Blood, and to show them their shepherd, who should feed and eonsole
them in their trouble. So the bishops and the Christ-loving laity ‏ܒ‎
‎thered together, to seek one who was worthy of this degree. And they
mentioned many nanes, and among them that of the illuminator, James
the priest. — his wis a dispeusation from God, who placed this name in
