[551] PT. |. CIE XIX. MARK IIT, Δ. D. 799-819. 437
LOU cos ‏ܦܨ‎ Lil ‏ܐܗܐܘ ܛܰܢ ܐܚܢܘ‎ JS ‏ܘ ܘܳܐ‎ ὦ dl ρῶν Us fx
GA ‏ܝ‎ A des μ cem - ο) τοῦ μα Cae ele
Dh ue ‏ܕ ܐܠ‎ ail illl Jet ‏ܨ ܝܨܨ‎ cle Je LJ dul ul ul
3 ‏ܐܝܘ‎ el ‏ܐܐܚܝܕܐܒܐ ܢܕ‎ il ο τὰ ‏ܨ‎ xl ub A pl
AS Lo seh ans [δρ το aee ipo ΟἹ ‏ܝܢܐ ܨ‎ vis ολο UU
nel ae (Yi et es A ael Mdh Lie ΟἹ EU Ciel ο
Rs omoes coll OM ste pes ‏ܐܒܐܟܘ‎ olo ‏ܦܨ‎ A pal ‏ܝܨ‎ Les (| es
Ub οὐ! as LS Et d ήν» SYL οἱ gebe à Sd

Jus FA ael US ρας Saleh Anima ‏ܕܒܬܨ‎ Lui sl ‏ܒܐܟ" ܠܘ‎ ie

1. E om. to , 4J. — 2. shit — ὃν F 3 — ^. Mss. sas E om. to o*
px add. Sad ‏ܬܶܢ‎ hi. — 5 ‏ܨ ܐܐ‎ asl! ‏ܕܐ‎ Sa. — 6. Κα om. to La! ol! add.

c
SONT St. — 7. E om. to ‏.ܐܬ‎

refore when we heard recently that some of them have sought repentance, ,
and are returning from their errors, we rejoiced greatly, and forgot the

griefs which surround us. For if there were unity in the holy Church, and

she remained at peace, graces would be doubled among us. Now, my holy

Father, we know the mercy of the Lord Christ, our God, who came into

the world not for the sake of ihe good, but for the sake of sinners.  Tho-

relure open to them now the door of repentance, and lead them to the way of

truth, that the heavenly orders may rejoice at their return, because they

are numbered among tlie children of light ».

When this letter reached ihe father Dionysius, he, as well as the whole
Syrian people, was much pleased hy the forethought and goodness of our
father, Abba Mark. And by this means the patriareh. brought back those
that hàd gone astray in those days, wlien they heard his letter, all but a
few who continued to adhere to Abraham, the souree of their error, aud
who are called Abrahamites to this day. So the Church of Antioch
rejoiced greatly.

Then tlie. father Dionysius, patriarch of Antioch, wrote a syuodical letter
to the father, Abba Mark, to show him the bond of charity which existed
between them, and to thank him for his love and cure for the salvation
of all men. For this there was great joy in the land of Egypt and in tlie

East, on account of this unity; and they gloritied God.
PATH. OR, — T. X. — Ε. 5, 30
