^10 HISTORY OF ΤΗΕ PATRIARCHS. 1524)
v por Tub GEL aber LUE min D ὉΠ GUN ‏ܕܐܟ̈ܐܝܕܐ ܐ‎
EN LS οὐ ὃν ‏ܘܟܝܨ‎ A bles Us Gb Lie anal Lot aout Lo
‏ܒܣ‎ ὃν eem ΟΞ it lois a vM baie ‏ܘܟܝܨ‎ nu ils
Ah «ὁ XL us XS Li Lie Li dul ὁ ο ὦ La Qt eu,
pie OU fus 2 ul cuil és uas CLS cute oM
o^ ‏ܐ‎ δω QU pla loai σὶρ ei ? ‏ܨ ܐܝܟ‎ Cal Dies Ὁ . ου I
EAN SAU 220 ο) Δ ml ble as (e il SLE Lol dl
v ones ex d 3 SY! ὁ» pP ule ‏ܟ‎ ΣΧ ada a. Τρ
MP eo \ gs EP T cz a 2o 392 ‏ܨ ܫ ܡܨ ܒ‎ Less QU
BJ 0 rus VA Qt LS CN LES οὖν ‏ܐܐܝ‎ eas ‏ܕܠ‎ asl rani Vs al
Je ‏ܒ‎ - dos Y na 55 Ὁ - 05 (ey 5 e d
oL, AE QT | ‏ܦ‎ eo le JE GS LRU alu, όσο ὦ ἢ

1. Mss. 9 — 2. E om. to ‏ܚܝ‎ πω ‏ܘܟܕܟ‎ Ati ως ‏ܐܓܪ‎ us,
‏ܘܢ ܐܬܫܝ‎ μμ at £ LS WE — 3. F om. — ἀν E om. tu JA
3? E ana add. de oy " eos Xe Qu E QU of;
— δν Foe Je REOR BO GN! 0 — ?, ‏ܐܐ‎ es ‏ܝ ܐܐ .ܐ‎

glorifying our holy father, ihe 0 Mark. When they reached Egypt,
and the letter of the patriareh. Cyriacus was read in the churches of Egypt.
the people glorified God and rejoiced over tlie union of the two patriarclis,
the one with the other.

We will now record another work done by the Lord in the days of our
father Mark, that your hearts may rejoice, and that vou may know that he
resembled the father Severus and Cyril and Dioscorus, those men who
repulsed the hereties in their time. There was a community in Egypt
named after Barsanupbi, and also called "Those that have no head ; and this
sect continued a long time, from the days of the ‏ܒ ܐ‎ Peter, who held
the see after Timothy the confessor, in the time of Zeno, the pions prince:
and afterwards they remained in their opposition to the truth.  Therefore
the father Mark, who concerned. himself with the salvation of men's souls,
was sad, and prayed to the Lord for them, saving : « O eternal Lord of hosts,
unattainable and inserutable Light, whom none beholds nor approaches,
who seest thy ereatures drowned in the depths of. sin through their diso-
bedienee, thou hast. offered us salvation by an incomprehensible mystery,
and made eartli like heaven by thy death and holy resurrection. As the wise
