[5^5] PT. 1. CIE XIX. MARK 111, A. D. 799-819. 431
DJ ο plots Gh-Yb ὁ bte eee base “89 ‏ܐܠܙ ܐܐ‎ gal
Cz quw ee his Cp τὰς M ce JS ὁ αν e Bam qe d
‏ܐܢ‎ PIE ‏ܐܝܣܐ‎ Lu κ ο MU out Lg JUI ist Ua
edem bras ele) A CA "ALVUS ο μη κος
Gad ολ uus AU ‏ܐܦܬ‎ ο ο Gé Lei ο Bal ὁ les
la! ‏ܘܺܐܫܐ‎ JUL, 3,5, > 7 ‏ܐܝܩܝܕܠ‎ eee Q^ fast 43 las c 1) >
(lal be ‏ܐܟܣܐ ܨܢ‎ ce bass οὖν el Ut A PLN EE
Xu) XJ SL. xm phys pes οἱ ‏ܐܐܝ ܶܢ‎ pu ALIE OY 9 ‏ܝܒܟ‎ ae
50 ull SEE ‏ܐܨܨ‎ Gé ο. Past ci US ὁ ‏ܐܕ‎ [e Le els
US 3$ Li via colo cuo LUN JG al dl ub ‏ܐܠܝܟܢ‎ oua

| om. with f. wd. — 2. E plie — 3. F ‏ܒܝ‎ 4. FG Les F add. Les,
— 5. E om. with f. wd. — 6. DEF om. — 7. & om. to «pli. — 8. Ε om. with f. wd.

— 9. A lbs. — 10. E om. to RAÏ add. s nA xd et.
C

them, and the fighting did not cease till night, when the Spaniards were
victorious. When the Alexandrians saw these things, they drew their swords
and marched into the streets and lanes and baths and houses, and killed
any of the Spaniards that they found in any place; and the number of
those whom they slew was eighty souls. When the combatants parted,
and the Lakhmites fled, the Spaniards enquired after their comrades: and,
having been informed that the Alexandrians had slain them, were filled
with fury like fierce lions, for they were very courageous, aud drew their
swords, and sallied forth raging through the eity, and killed all the townsmen
that they met, whether Muslims or Christians ar Jews. And wherever the
Spaniards found one of their comrades who had been slain, they burnt that
place with fire. Thus when they reached the ehureh of the Saviour, which
is called the Soter and was rebuilt bv our father Mark, they found some of
their nation lving at its doors, because the Muslims had killed them there
in the houses, and carried them out aud east them hy tlie door of the church.
This sight exasperated the Spaniards; and at that moment there appeared
a wieked old man, looking dowu upon the street (rom the roof of the houses;
and he was Satan who appeared in that form. Aud he said to the Spa-
uiards : « | saw the master of this chureh kill vour comrades. » Thou they
