436 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCHS. [550]
ges ‏ܐܠܝ‎ οἱ JUS ‏ܝܥܐ‎ a3 ‏ܝܐ‎ gs Loge Lidl lA ὧν Xe Est as
| ¥ ‏ܐ‎ pe de bars ‏ܐܪܟܐ ܐܕ‎ 1 ¦ 3 5 ον ο "E O^ dum
‏ܝܐ‎ CU. SY MG 26 ‏ܐܠܡܐ‎ às SM ο " od UE Loo vs
εν geule RU as e sue ‏ܠܝܐ‎ gll Li eli els ὁ u$
τοῦ κὶὶ di ο SUE ‏ܨܕ‎ JE de CEE ede dd EIL a JE μοι
ὦ» ‏ܝ‎ - ὁ ο) ‏ܒ‎ ο gel ο) eS οἱ canos οὐ ὁ χρυ
du ls dol Se ἐς ϱ ‏ܦܨܐ ܢܰܟ‎ atas ‏ܐܕܐܐ‎ Bai cus em DS del
Cdt gel ο ο SX κο A ee ces σφ
3 Ὡς ἢ su LES 3 ‏ܐ‎ be be 0 ‏ܝ‎ agi Pol Loos
= Me Q^ npn & ‏ܕ‎ Mab e^ οὐκ 5 ΟἹ ἢ del us e Gi

1. E om. to la, add. Has e

BG js DF < — 4. E om. to US, — 5. Fi οἷν — 6. ABEG om. —
7. E | 2.

2. E om. do uiu Lt, — 3.4 ‏ܨܚ‎

great poverty; for by his inserutable decrees he will finish what he has
begun ». Abba Mark continued : « The gentiles have entered his inhe-
ritance, and defiled our holy temples, and made the great city of Alexandria
like a prison, through the lighting that has taken place therein between
the tribes. At last the slain found none to bury them; and many of their
corpses became food for the birds of the air and the beasts of the earth ».
Such were the thoughts which he expressed, because these events were like
that which is written concerning Jerusalem in the Lamentations of the pro-
phet Jeremias, with reference to the fate of that city after the Resurrection
of the Lord Christ, when, in punishment for the sins of the misbelieving
Jews, God sent against them Titus, prince of the Romans, the miscreant
Magian, to do to them what is described in the second part of the writings
of Josephus, son of Cyrtus, who undertook to compile the historv of the
Jews. « For this reason, » pursued ihe pairiarch, « we quitted the city
because of what we had witnessed therein. For they refrained not from
slaying and plundering and burning. And there was nono to hinder them.
"Therefore we have chosen to live iu exile, and 10 pray to the Lord Christ
our God. These things we desired to make known to thy Paternity. But
there is great sorrow on account of those that have separated themselves
from the Church, through the fault of him that is called Abraham! — lhe-
