[517] PT. I. CIL. XIX. MARK Ill, A. D. 799-819. 403
ο &! ‏ܘܕܬ̈ܝܟܢ‎ ull uu? Ss Con UE ὅτῳ lotte ou SUM Vs «us
‏ܠܝ‎ QR la List de ‏ܦܨ‎ Amb ὁ ὁ» GA eee MUS νο. τον,
|» μα, cand files Ul UI CS LS Όρο GUY ον 5 g ecl que
ὁ zu ui UR Ul Ut οἱ uns τὁ dl ce ὡς ur ‏ܘܐ‎ ge Sg ose
SA des plo a GbR ed Οἱ de CX dll is el ou Ma
μον RUE Gel Le de) Ke Gal ‏ܚܨܢ‎ uA Coe dí at
ud ol Je GE «ub Le ael Ji US axi ον" GAY ox
Je κο ο EU ‏ܝܣ‎ αὐ ‏ܝ‎ οἱ Le Uy 6 UO o, ol
"Lá hs νο. LS JE 5 del "o. τοῦ

oM eem ule

1. Mss. om. — 2. Mss, UJ. — 3. DF ± — ^. Mss. Jus. — 5. FS! JAN.
— 6. F isl! eE ‏ܐܝܬ‎ ο» ‏ܘܬܐ‎ sal, NS, — 7. E om. to Je).

forward tlie appointment of a successor to Abba John. So when the bishops
and orthodox laity assembled at Alexandria, and took counsel together as
to whom they should nominate, the bishops said : « We have heard that
our father, Abba John, mentioned the name of the priest Mark, and said
that it was he that should sit after him. » ‘Then all the clergy cried with
une voice : « lle is wortliy indeed of this rank. — He is the saint who has
been approved by the [Holy Ghost, and was approved by our blessed father
John all the days that be remained. with him. » Then all the bishops and
elergy wrote a letter, addressed to Michael, bishop of Misr, saying thus :

« Thy Paternity knows the state of orphanhood into which we are
fallen, through the departure ol our blessed father, Abba John, to the Lord
αἱ this. mourulul time, and also how the princes are changed. And thy
Paternity knows that a lloek of sheep without a shepherd is entered and
scattered by the wolf, and that every. city without a wall is destroyed by
the enemy. For this cause we have assembled in the Great Church of
Alexandria with the fathers and bishops, and have written with one consent
that our hearts approve the priest Mark, that he may be a father to us.
For we know that the Lord has chosen him, and that our departed father
informed you of this before his death. Therelore we say, as the blessed
David said ' : Instead of the fathers there came sous, whom thou shalt make
rulers over all the land. »

1. Ps. xcv, 17 (Sept. xuiv).
