[547] PT. I. CH. XIX. MARK 111. A. D. 799-819. 438
‏ܟ ܐܨ‎ el MU alé uiu ‏ܘܰܐ‎ JU cns 6 LU c eM ue ὃ...
sat X 35 5 3:5 - LUE za Gt LU 206 0 6 SUL es
gel GUY QG ome ud ede ‏ܐܒܨ‎ Y ΤΟΝ ‏ܐܣܩ̈ܘܢܝ̈‎ a$ il rf
Ma JU ism ον ὦ Ge Loo Ub os clit ὦ loss Gal ‏ܐܚܨ ܐܨܨ‎
ὁ - Res 5 Du ὅλος - AC UE ‏ܠ‎ Gels RE Ge 0
τὸ ὁ 55 uum - ‏ܐ‎ XE ο A ὦ = Gil lis
LI A Vl ΟΝ elis G LA ‏ܠܐܚܫܬ̄ ܘܕܨ‎ νὰ Je ‏ܕܕܐ ܘܳܐ‎ us SU ὦ Dés os
SU du ie que Οἱ δος ues d$ οἷο 635 ‏ܐܝܘ‎ ss LS 0
UM oS ‏ܘܕܢ‎ ο SU δὰ EA Gil soy! oS dua οὐ e$,
VY uus «bU Gun uie Gel Doll e xe ‏ܐܨ‎ ue ce Lo

dA «Ju numm les ‏ܝܬܬܘ ܛܬ‎ ule ο Mt ‏ܕܐ‎ ia Ul aU

12 Ε 5 — 2. B om. to ls 8 add. PT c ge — 3. BG : — 4. F

ο. ‏ܐܨ‎ LI £ Gb. — 6. ΑΕ je. — 7 Eos

± 8. E om. with 2 f. wds, — 9. B. os Ro à CU — 10. E ile.

to his eustom. And early on the next day he went out in company with
two of his sons. Aud he said : « O holy city, in which much slaughter has
been eommitted, and of which the enemy has taken possession! Ὁ throne
on which I believed that 1 should never sit! O home of my holy fathers,
elothed with light, where they died in joy and gladness, while 1 lave become
a stranger therein for my sins!» This he said; and then he went forth
from the city, and journeyed from place to place, crossing rivers ol waters
and passing over difficult ground. In this state of distress he remained
during five vears after his departure from the eitv, like one wlio has been
taken eaptive. Yet all this time he used to thank God day and night.
What trials befell the children of the churcli at that time, and the lathers
and bishops, and the chief ol the laity! But they used to come to the pa-
triarch, and console him, and consult him; and each ol them begged to be
allowed to entertain him as a guest, in order to receive his blessing; but he
would never consent. And the pious oflicial Macarius, son of Seth, a native
of Nebruwah, was of the dioeese of Samannüd. — Therefore when he heard
what had happened, he arose. and went to. the residence of Abd al-Aziz,
who was in possession of tlie eastern. provinces, and solicited his protection
for the father patriarch, Abba Mark, saying : « The tribes which have con-
quered Alexaudria lave robbed him of all his goods, and he has left his
