[515] PT. I. ΟΠ. XIX. JOHN IV, A. D. 775-799. 401

σημ ‏ܕܐܒܢܬ̄‎ Uo qua di ES a Ga gum Y oi 3) οἱ AL ans δὰ
em Qt Ye GUL- cua qubR qe uh ο» σὺ UE 9) ud o
(UY oa Su LL PET EP ‏ܝ ܐܝ‎ £ 4 x e 33 omm
dl ο οὐ. US ace JS ym Vl ‏ܢܨ ܐܚܝ‎ ek Sly καρ ‏ܐ̄ܝ ܕܐܨ‎ Ub OÙ unt ox
lee A ‏ܐܦܐܚ ܀ ܘܕܨ‎ GA La bti
SA de ET leds Let ou δ᾽ ‏ܐܘܶܐ‎ ον!
AK $$ ‏ܝܟ‎ bus οἱ loas e lag au Uk La guz.y| ‏ܕܐ ܙܢ‎ 1 Le Ui
às ‏ܘܕܨ‎ dle. m ab Et ‏ܐܐ‎ CUL ‏ܐ‎ yus SE M Ji
J'ätes 4 ολλ LU Ji du ei Je le ‏܀ ܘ‎ del ὁ» pl
si) dés οἱ odd ο és Gil duel Οἱ ΟἹ Dogs «xt ues OÙ & 5 oM

‎LS ὁ nasa pes Me JE Qui GE ey y» ad‏ ܠܐܫܐ ‎des‏ ܐܨ

‎to him with mv whole heart, and repent and weep over my sins. And 1
prayed him to let me see a just governor in the land of Egypt, who would
favour the Christians. And God did not refuse me this request, but gran-
ted me life for one year, the end of which will be iu these few days. Aud
the tidings lias reached. me that a governor has been appointed, and that
he does all that is good to the churches and the brethreu. But Τ am about
to. depart Lo Gad, aud you will see me no more in the body; for my
time, of which 1 have been warned by God, is at hand. "Therefore listen
now. When 1 am dead, hasten and place him whom God shall choose
upon the throne. »

‎The fathers aud bishops, on hearing these words, were assured of the
patriareh's approaching death. — 'Pherefore they. gave vent to sighs, and eould
not endnre their grief through the abundance of their tears, on aecount of
his saying : « You will see me no more in lle body. »  Aud they said
to him : « Our father, when God revealed thy departure from this world,
of whom did he make known to thee that he would sit upon the throne
after thee? » Abba John replied ` « It is he whom God has preserved
till now, aud whom he has elósen to rule his people. 1 indeed. desired to
make him a bishop; but it was God's dispeusation to keep him for this
ministres. is, namely, my son, the priest Mark.» This the patriarcli
said, while they were descending the river on the boat. And when he
arrived at the οἱ} of Alexandria, his sickness and fever grew heavy upon
hin. Mud here is another wonder which God manifested to our holy. father,
