[5331 PT. 1. CHL ΝΙΝ. MARK 111, A. D. 799-819. 419
ina ὁ οὐ ον Ub CI Ge ὦ» δ αἷς uu cub uae Ge Al ‏ܠܐܫܘ‎
‏ܐܠܝܟ‎ Mos u$ qué ολ Les GUESS de Y ἰῷ 2 ‏ܕܨܚܝܨܐ‎ Οἱ ο ‏ܫ‎

ete uel ule ell ὁ ‏ܐܨ‎ Le Los ‏ܐ‎ des js | ‏ܨ‎ oue
pri 3 Le des Ule Que ‏ܦ‎ 5 Vie me Dal eu! ϱὸ ον
‏ܕܐܨ‎ U Ie niis tuo las Le κ ο ο C os
QE UL - LS, xul Rs ‏ܝܒ‎ - de ue 3
oue iE ‏ܟܐܝܐ ܢܰܫܶܐܨ‎ JE Ba ‏ܠܨ ܪܐܢ‎ Ge U ος DUX Le 4
Je oM eins call HA rye eee et pli ole pitt δρυ
ECTES 5 5 3 Les EE si. eL prom el
AR Ade pl ο OY ο aed ‏ܝܬܐܢ‎ el asd dal le
32 2 5 ets HN ‏ܕܚܕ‎ Alves JeY elo ex Lo Οδ) ue

|. F om. to ae add. Us; ‏ܝ‎ QE. — 2. Mss. JU — 3. ABDU add. UI. —
E E ‏ܝܢ‎ — à, E om. to ἮΝ κα add. ‏ܪܗܐ‎ ES us Le ‏ܫܡ‎ οἱ ‏ܬܐܐ ܐܨ‎ Er
Ci uo ‏ܝ‎ | Lt À

the work was not done, and the chureh has remained as it was till now.
''herefore we ask tliee io let us soe this joy in thy days. » But the good
shepherd answered and said Lo them : « You know the jealousy of these
neighbours of yours. When we begin to do the work that vou have men-
tioned, they will present petitions to the governor against us, and eomplain
of us; and so we shall fall into trials. such as we endured many times from
them, Land my father John, during the building of the chureh of Michael the
Angel, also called the chureh of Repentance. » Nevertheless as often as he
spoke to them thus, thev begged him again and urged him still more,
saving: « Thy holy prayers will be a strong wall for us, so that this mo-
unment may. be completed »..— Aud when he saw the strength and ardour
of their faith, he eonsented to their request.

Then Abba Mark gathered. together a body. of workmen aud architects.
And he laid the foundation in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And this
church stood in the midst of the city. So the patriarch used to rise at the
lime of prayer and at cockerow, that he might wilness and superintend the
progress of the building, as if he were one of the architects; for tlie. Lord
had. granted. him all wisdom. — And Abba Mark counted his labour rest,
because lie loved good works aud the building of churches. And while he
went on building 1116 aforesaid chureh, through the grace of the Lord which
