422 HISTORY OF TUE PATRIARCHS. [536]

pese ο ‏ܕܐ‎ E LB ‏ܕܘܐܘ‎ po ‏ܠܨ‎ σῶν el io ual ‏ܐܨ‎
‎ει ον! ‏ܠܝ‎ ο. ‏ܠ ܝ‎ u$ 6
ced dt os Y Ui ‏ܦ‎ o ss Da ` eat ‏ܠ ܣ‎ : C Τοῦ
οὖν sue CE ud uus coll Qt SEU SY (eJ QU JU Ss ὁ
ὁ 5 < 5 3 : οἱ 5 5 - 3 - Rb 50
LUN ui. Ul ‏ܐܢ‎ Ms ‏ܘܕܨ‎ ub ‏ܘܐ‎ Gt Sil ane s. Sl Co ὦ ‏ܝܐ‎ d$
us JE LS diet ‏ܝܘ‎ us ‏ܐܨ‎ Res JS SLE el ον ‏ܐܠܘ‎ bau, Les ‏6ܨ‎
‎ke be all le ‏ܝܐ‎ d PH xm des JS me cR a oam GA 5
ve. ‏ܡܨ‎ US es NU eue SG ο La ‏ܐܕܐ ܶܢ ܐܩܝܐ‎
Pie ΟΥ̓ 1 30 Lite cem KE © de ρὸ JB 4 οἱ 9

1. E om. to. La ‏ܟܘܬ‎ add. | s! het Les. —2.F add. 445 +, — 3. F om. —
^. BDE LS P iof). — 6. € om. to e Y! Le. — 6. E om. ta OS ‏ܐܐ‎ (eM

eA.

his death. — l'herefore, when men saw this miracle and this terrible occur-
rence, they all feared the palriarch's words, which were like the words
of the prophets.

Now my lords and fathers, and ye children of the orthodox, I told vou
at the beginning that 1 eould never give a perfect account of the deeds of my
fathers, as the greatness of those deeds deserves; lor.I am like the gleaner
after the reapers. And | have no illuminating wit, because 1 am plunged
in tlie darkness of my sins. Yet from reliable and truthful persons, wlio
were constantly ministering to our holv fathers, we have heard (he nar-
ratives which we are relating in part. 1 will therefore give a furiher
description of that which was manifested by this father, the patriareh Abba
Mark, that. you may marvel and glorifv. God for the merey and compassion
which he shows to his elect. As Paul says' : « For those that love God
he does every excellent work ».

There was in Ihe time of this saint à great plague. of loeusts, which
appeared in tlie province of Al-Buliairali and near Alexandria, and devoured
all the fruits of the earth and of the vineyards. As itis writtenin the Psalm*:
« He spoke, and loeusts and grasshoppers eiie, and ato. up all the green
things on the earth < So the father was sad when he was informed of this
ealamiiy. And he bade the orthodox people proceed forth with ineense

1.1 Cor, ri, $ — 2. Ps, cv, 34, 35 (Sept. cv,
