[585] PT. 1. CH. XIX. MARK IIT, A. D. 799-819. 421

ον EN De 3 | ὦ on JUi ‏ܝܫܪ‎ Lies el αν ΒΡ 3 0 ΝᾺ
‏:ܐ‎ du oYb Ag d OK Y es clair ‏ܐܡܝܢ‎ que E ὁ dise as
ω Well Bi E uo Li ἢ dis oS spl M JE LS de e
Les ‏ܒ‎ Us QUE ui SN ule ὡ» bye le all ah
g^ pM 00 xA; «SS Li CAS οἱ les ‏ܐܳܝܚ‎ οἱ dé, SURE ‏ܝ‎ ὦ» al
GA δὲ Gi ss a Ge ‏ܐܝܟ‎ Vi ‏ܘܨ‎ gas Me de Jg ‏ܝܐ‎ οὗν ‏ܠܐܚܝܝܕܐܐ‎
‎St Quem ρῶν il JUls us Jn Gum fol Ys ‏ܐ‎ JG QU. d
oies dis hom ΟἹ Se uud uu ὁ doe ‏ܘܕܨ‎ LUE Lidl CL.

‎duo ue RUN ὧς oo Les ule apt eA ouo GPUs‏ ܠܝ ܘ
‎ΟἿ Ji aas sube 29) edes Peor σον! elm ule LAN οὖν d. ὁ c‏ ܒ

‎Mo, — 2. E om. to PUE —8.E‏ ܐܬ ‎E om. to 33 ii à add, sd, ME‏ . ܬ
‎om. to "b.‏

‎pairiarch said to him : « Now is thy malady dangerous. Now we have
iried upon thee every means of saving thy soul; but instead of checking
thyself thou growest worse. —"l'herefore now let thine injustice rest upon
thine own head, as the prophet says in the psalm'». And there was near
them a picture, in which tlie glorious Lady Mary was painted with the Lord
Christ in her lap; and it was set up in the chamber where the patriarch sat.
So that superintendent looked upon it, and, streteliing out a finger of his
right hand, he said : « By her power, if 1 have told a lie in that wlieh | have
related, may this picture take vengeance upon me! » Now hear the bitter
fate that befell this wretch according to the denunciation of that holy prophet,
who spoke with authority. For he uttered against him words full of terror,
like the words of Daniel? the prophet to the two old men who contradicted
the testimony of the chaste Susanna, saying : « O thou that art grown old in
wickedness, the angel of the Lord shall strike thee and cut thee in two, as
he did to those who bore false witness against Susanna ». Aud at that mo-
ment, when the words which came from his mouth were ended, that wretched
man fell at the patriarch's fect upon his right side, that being the side of his
right hand, which he had stretelied out towards the picture with evil intent;
and he was struck with paralysis of one side, which lasted to the day of

‎1. Ps. vir, 17. — 2. Dan., xur, 52, 55, 59 (Greek).
PATH. OR. — T. X. -— b. ¶ 20
