434 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCHS. [548]
ζυ ‏ܐܘ‎ 6 ELU Les cab 4 ‏ܒ‎ οὐ ἆ ad (b ce οἷ. des ὡς 2
310 κα ο) di 3

ο s Ael dnm à ul JE et τῷ Cabe eus ‏ܐܘ‎ LS ne
Fi ES > gue o ων) ο) ‏(ܕܟܸܢ‎ κο) Le ον ος ue
Up ο G μῶν À οἱ ον oss ane ‏ܝܕܨ‎ C il
LUN Jet ‏ܢܫܘ ܘܕܨ‎ oué ο ‏ܨ‎ ῥὸ ὃν Gi des Οἱ Gi oos es él
Je te Roo pol ‏ܘܒܨ‎ ο JS sub Egg d ame ‏ܢܢ‎ (ls Li
qo ES Y Gs i$, DSK EN éme ‏ܐ‎ cud Ul die ου ὦ» οἱ kg
er 5 LU, JS. cr D Mas i$ ALIA -— LS Ul ida S.J PEU
e aee o Gi ‏ܐܬܢ‎ el ge dll 5 el

LA uk ο ‏ܐܢ‎ a is X d SÉ nem co

1. E om. to ‏ܐܝܢܝܢ‎ add. SES NI ‏ܐܨ‎ qM < — 3. E om. to ue.

see, and is come to live beneath the shadow of God and thy shadow.
Therefore, if] have gained any favour before thee, write him a letter in thine
own name, that he may he encouraged by thy command to dwell in his plaec
in confidence ».

Then Abd al-Aziz wrote an urgent decree, as the pious ollieial requested.
At that time the official aeted the part of Dorotlieus, the magistrate of Sakhá,
with whom the holy father Severus lodged until he died; for he sent mes-
sengers from his house with the deeree of the Amir to the father patriarch,
praying him to come and live in the dwelling of that official. So our father
the patriarch arose and prayed, and jonrueyed till he arrived at Nobrüwah.
And the olficial eame forth with all his householl to meet the patriarch,
in honour of his primacy, and, on seeing the father, prostrated himself
before him in the power of his l'aith, saying : « The Lord has doue for me
to-day a merciful deed in bringing thy Paternity to lodge at the house of
thy servant. For | believe that thy coming to us will be a blessing and a
healing to our souls ». ‘Fhercupon he conducted him to the eliureli, with
chanting before him, as the rule for the patriarchs is. — Afterwards he es-
tablished him in a place belittiug his primaey, in a building erected hy that
magistrato's parents, and dedieated to Saint Maearius of Wadi Habib.

But in spite ol al] these troubles the holy father did not relinquish his
care for the holy churches at Alexandria, and Ile patriarchate, and the

