[523] PT. 1. CH. XIX. MARK III, A. D. 799-819. 409
genes σάω» Gus! ‏ܘܳܐ‎ aus SUY Axa le Ὁ] Get Gdldl eer ος
sed) sol ‏ܦܕ‎ cel πλω ees LU Lou CY ‏ܐܡܐܘ ܕܨ‎ cult
AE ‏ܚܨܐ‎ oil ‏ܕܐܨܚܐܨܐ ܘܗ‎ ὥρα Sus C ‏ܢܩܕ‎ GES GU ου
35 0 uie 5 ‏ܛ‎ υ Cul Ea lent 2
rs ts dll ‏ܠܨ‎ Wok ble US Goal Re e$ ee σῶν
UB null GELS LE Ub OV ee pois Ces SY X ue ‏ܥܨ‎ lUe
00 LS UNS ele 3a Gi αν ώ DOG Let ies κακὰ ὁ ῥ
lies SN bf, al cao gl és Οἱ τ ‏ܘܕܨ‎ ο.
LV ‏ܘܕܨ‎ les ‏ܐܕ‎ eV Ge ef νο ‏ܐܠܨܨ‎ oU SE
té ls pâle dés ‏ܕܐܐܟ‎ aol le Good Gas ‏ܝܕܨ ܘܟܝܨ‎ cela

ABDE pee — 2 E om. lo Qt add. Lt pl. — 3. E om. to

1.
NS ‏ܨ‎

Cyriaeus of all the hereties, and of the war waged by our fathers for the
true Faith, and renounced all sehism and all hereties and the impure
couneil of. Chaleedon, as being ihe eause of doubt throughout the world,
and abjured the sect of Nestorins, composed of the new Jews. And Abba
Mark declared the concord of tbe two sees, and ealled Cyriacus Father
and Partner in the ministry. This letter he sent by two bishops who un-
derstood how to pronounce an oration in Greek, one of them being Mark,
the wise bishop of Tinnis, and the other also Mark, hishop of Al-Faramà,
besides the deacon George, superintendent of the elureh of Alexandria.
When they had delivered the synodical to the patriarch Cyriaeus, and
he had read it, he mourned over the departure of the Father John, and
rejoiced at the appointment of the father, Abba Mark, and over the holy
bishops. And when the letter was read in the ehureh of Antioch, the souls
of the people were filled with joy, as they heard Abba Mark's words and
the wisdom, full of spiritual perfume, whieh flowed from liis heart, full as he
was of the Holy Ghost; and they blessed tlie Lord, and praised the fathers
who were eounted worthy to sit upon the throne of Mark the evangelist.
Then they admired the bishops, who had brought tlie synodical from Egypt,
for their comely faces and garments, and their (®) and the eloquence
ol their speech and the sweetness of their words. And the bishops stayed
a few days with the patriareh, until he dismissed them with gifts worthy
of the patriarehal dignity; and he sent by them a letter of salutation,
