[563] PT. 1. CH. XIX. JAMES, A. D. 819-830. 449
Gun qeu γε ὡς Αν ὁ ol ‏ܐܘ‎ dé cit dl G EAN «5
A3 ‏ܐܝ ܐ‎ JU D Ub dE ον αὶ As uum ‏ܨܐ ܘܐ‎ lot uel
Ce GLS JU. de Cu! ule Les Hi Lis Cut pue LS ul
GUN ams ¥ pii οἱ Gl ο ὁ cux Οἱ del 1 d JU, ‏ܢ‎ UE Qul,
ο cao Sex JE Cl cus 3 Le ‏ܝ‎ ὦ alea; δ DU ο
S 9 μαὸ ( dye ib CU Vs ue « Ὦπιν μὰ Xe
Ja» Ve Sinis ὁ (ed CH (6 (JE auo 4 dis GLAD al) Qe nm,
dux ¥ qii Le di C, 35 (4 » Lie Lei e de ER ον
d Dep DU ὧν ο Hole ὁ Cell Lie dl es uim ZU RS
‏ܝ‎ 0 ὁ Oil 3 rur CR 0 2 Gb ‏ܗ‎ Ab
ge ‏ܐܒܥ‎ o9 eJ ail pa ο ‏ܝܐ ܠܐܐ‎ ele GLS Gil aad

LE Je. — 3. E om. to LG, add. SA e 2».

the door of the church. And there was among them a rich man, who
had been set over the collection of the taxes at Alexandria at that time, and
had authority and superintendence among the Spaniards. ‘fherefore that
man quiekly departed, and informed the superintendent of the revenue
of what had happened. and aecused the father patriarch, Abba James,
declaring that he had excommunicated them. The heretie, on hearing this,
was filled with wrath against our father, the patriarch, and uttered violent
words, and sent a message to the father, saving : « I will make thee turn
round in the church, when thou sayest Peace be with you, and not find
a person io answer And with thv spirit ». But our father, when he
heard these words from the heretic, answered by the grace of the Holy
Ghost thus : « Well did Isaias' prophesy against this heretie, saying that
his wrath aud fury and imagination should return upon his own head.
And thy violence and anger have come up to me, and therefore I will fasten
tee with a bridle batween thy lips. And he shall not remove from his
place till this judgment he executed upon him; and so his fate shall be.
Aud 1 tell you truly that 1 shall not enter the church of the Lord before
God shall swillly eariy out this sentence npon him ». After tiat, a lawsuit
was brought against this man, and he was put io death, and everything
that was in his house was seized, and nothing was left that belonged to
him. Therefore, wh:n the hereties ol AMexaudria saw this wonder that had

1. Is.. ‏ܠ‎ 20; IV Kings. xis, 28.
