[519] PT. E CI. XIX. MARK 111, A. D. 799-819. 405
ge SEMI Pie UE US LE gal one lle Ul Gn dog

4 lees mars ( 5 ‏ܠ‎ 3 SU 6 SLA is ὃν
ex ds gi ων] Me le». pm O^ QUI er E «is 4 Med grue)
pl ὁ pub xS uit se Ul ἴον ‏ܟܗ‎ 6 9 7 ϱ At
‏ܬܪܬ ܙ‎ vb ques ‏ܐܠ ܒܨ‎ RQ e σὰς Ul Ky Ke όλα
ᾧ ΤΟ EU GRAN xm qua qd GLEN ue la asc yt d
pr Sa ΟΝ, NET) eZ iens δν do FER ‏ܕܐܝܐ‎ edet ok 4l
PUESTEGCENT 3 MS o ‏ܡ‎ ὃς ‏ܕܐܐ‎ ou ο di o
JU Οὐ 1 ns ot ‏ܒܝ‎ Le US ‏ܓ‎ ὯΝ 8 YT ‏ܦ‎ ἡ
pal ‏ܐܣܚܢ‎ LAN LUI Ts quel ο JS BUS Δ Las Qi Li

1. Mss. οἷα, — 2, Mss, JL, — ` F lest 45. — 4. E om. to (yu. —
5. E om. to - — 6. E om. to croi ‏ܐܨ‎ NE add. às " sil Uu
Nas £ ‏ܝ ܒ‎ inserts ‏ܫܚ‎ LONG instead of below. — 8. A om. — 9. E
om. to a. — 10. Mss. prefix ο. — 11. E om. to y».

Alter this the bishop, Abba Michael, learnt that the priest Mark had
fled. Now the bishop, Abba Michael, was superintendent of all matters
concerning the monasteries. So he at once despatched the bishops and
elergy, and bade them fetter Mark, and conduct liim to Mexandria. And
this they did to him on the 2nd. day of Amshir, the feast of the Father
Longinus; and Mark arrived at Alexandria on a Sunday. And among the
bishops was George, bishop of Memphis.

And Mark was ordained on the aforesaid day in the city of Alexandria.
When he had taken his seat upon the evangelical throne, while all the
people bore witness of him that he was worthy, then he read before them
the Exegesis, which is called among the orthodox the Logos, in which he
declared that he was acquainted with their works. And this Logos was
full by the grace of the IIoly Ghost of the doctrines οἱ the orthodox; and
he demonstrated. therein. low the Council of Chalcedon had fallen and was
rejected ; and he explained their error as consisting in the worship of a
man. lle also refuted those who deny the sufferings of Christ our God,
who endured them for our sake by his own will in the body, which accord-
ing to their teaching was a phantom. And when Abha Mark had performed
the service of the Liturgy according to custom, he communicated. all the

congrégation ol the [lolv Mysteries of the Body and the pure Blood. And
PATR. OR. — T. X. — F. 5. 28
