[521] PT. 1. CIF ΝΙΝ. MARK. 1, A. D. 799-819. 407
ὧν des nul ‏ܐܕܐܐ‎ e che des ὦ ‏ܘܐ 4 ܕܐܐ‎ Paie Mist vis ‏ܐܨ‎
‎Jui dy dite y» QG dal ue Le 3 39 ‏ܓ‎ Be c. HA Les
dob Xs ebL P3 ‏ܐܘ‎ JB ολ) G able ee Οἱ ab Los 4 4B ὁ ‏ܠܐܘ‎
‎gia ‏ܐܘ‎ οἱ ‏)ܐܐܐ‎ 4 Jus aub dut GE mar ‏ܕܐܝܐ‎ dl que Gt δ
gu δα ‏ܝܫܘ ܨ‎ Aus de, ‏ܫ‎ eu nne" xL
ο ‏ܘܟܝܨ‎ ο ee Ul JE ‏ܐܨ ܐܚܘ‎ ass d (UL ‏ܘܡܐ‎ Mb Us
Bad Gé ‏ܕܝܐ‎ Ge QUAE De ‏ܘܕܨ‎ ub ‏ܠܝܐ‎ ολ Le ὁ pl Ee ey o!
ὧν c as 06 ibis ‏ܕܐܒܐܝܘ‎ eios x Miei de Qs GE οἱ Li oe
Le ὁ» dl 06 Les Dj ο. ον As ‏ܕܐܕ‎ erbe quem Gt ul ‏ܚܝܨܢ‎
‎Mou! Eie SA ο) ος EN ‏ܐ‎ JUS GU qum qum eue (F6 $36
σαν! ue db gb ‏ܕ‎ JU uie "όνος Mu SJ οἱ du ixl, ds, ὁ as

ἀν ABDG ‏ܝ‎ — 2. E om. — 3. F om. with foll. wd. — 4. E e < =
5. EF om.; ADbG 7 — ὁ. Mss. Mol. — 7. E om. with foll. wd., μα D.

RM —8.E ‏ܐܝ‎ — 9. E om.

the patriarch praved for him; so that the governor admired the swectness
of Abba Mark's voice and his gracious words and the grace with which lie
was surrounded. Su God put good will towards the patriarch into the
governor's heart, and he bade Abba Mark sit beside him, and eonversed
with him on equal terms, and said to him : « Take courage and be of
good comfort, for ( will perform all thy needs, and enable thee to obtain
all that thou desirest of me. » The patriareh answered : > God will exalt
iiy authority and make thy days prosperous, and bring tliy subjects into
accord with thy rule. » And he went out from his presence in peace.
When they afterwards considered the wovernor's diseourse with Abba
Mark, and the interest which the former manifested. with regard to the
ehurches, Abba Michael, bishop ol Misr, said : « We must take measures for
the rebuilding of the churches now, because the governor evidently favowfs
the Christians.» Aecordingly, on the morrow the patriarch again visited the
governor, and saluted him, And the governor showed respect aud honour
to Abba Mark, and raised him from the ground and gave him a seat, and
addressed him as follows : « | told thee yesterday [that 1 would perform all
thy needs, but thou nothing of me. Now therefore, mention to
me whatever thou requirest, and it shall be carried out by me, because |
have an affection for thee ». "hen. the patriurch said to him with soft
