404 ΗΙ5ΤΟΒΥ OF THE PATRIARCHS. [158]
of ὖ quA de ὦ Bal T ibas List uus pu LS iae
de Js οἱ NE al vo cM ous fi- £ Mel ‏ܒ ܨ ܠ ܚܨ‎
O^ pre ‏ܐܨܨ‎ Dons ‏ܘܵܨ‎ Li AE uas ‏ܐܢ‎ ΟἿΟΝ Os ο οἱ φώς ‏ܦܓ‎
‎US ‏ܣ‎ 9 - Gul ESS LS ‏ܠ‎ ad] mna 4 5 o de Les
et El SN Les ΟἹ al 96 $5 Cat de pe «κ δι,
pb del Je Gl Rs ‏ܐ‎ les μὴ ‏ܐܨ‎ ous pau SC JE aux
EU, de cec Puls. Ul ‏ܐ‎ JE Ge ‏ܐܨܝ ܢܐ‎ JUS Ja ον pa ‏ܓܬܕ"‎
‎4 MUS Dons - JUS δὲ 4 UJ OUS ( Lait ( 0 UU οἱ de Y
gode ὁ ‏ܐܚܝܘ‎ LR uS Lb. ‏܀‎ δ ed Gs UAE UG. cul ο σὰ
sie Qa le) Les ‏ܐܢܐ‎ orae el ὁ oil

1. BEG Qus ls — 2. Mss. Aula. — 3. E om. to aJ! F i80 N! ‏!ܥ‎ Mao,
des Mus Li guo ^. Mss. Jua. — 5. F jS. — 0, Mss. JL.

This letter was conveyed to its destination by some of the bishops and
the archdeacon of the city. But when the priest Mark received the news
of the letter, which had been written concerning him, he was much grieved,
and immediately rose up and fled to the monastery of Saint Macarius in
Wadi Habib. | Now the desert was at that time like the Paradise of God,
inhabited bv holy and spiritual men, one of whom prophesied of this saint
that he was worthy of this ministry, as we related above. Then when the
father, Abba Michael, bishop of Misr, read the letter, he recalled the words
of his teacher, Alba John, the deccased patriarch. Therefore Michael
summoned all the chief meu at Misr, and they went 10 the governor. And
the bishops, that is Abba Michael and the envoys, entered. into the gover-
nor's presenee, for he admitted no other. And he said to them : « What is
your business? » Abba Michael replied : « We make ‏ܬ[‎ known to thy
lordslip that our father, the chiel and father of our religion, whom we had,
is dead. » Then the governor asked : « What then do vou desire? »
They answered ` « May God lengihen thy days! There are heavy taxes
upon the property. of the Church, and therefore. we desire 10 appoint a
snoeessor to him, who may administer the alfairs of the Church and the
people. » Then tlie governor. enquired : « And what is his name?» They
sal that it was Mark. So he ordered. that Mark's name should be written
iu the Divan, and then gave them permission to appoint hün iu the place
ef Abba Johu. And they went out [rom his presence.
