[513] PT. 1. CH. NIN. JOUN IV, A. D. 775-799. 309
£: es Ji ὦ» ‏ܠ‎ LUN Doit ( < 5 ae E D
gu pum urb GA JUS 45 Ciis Qe Li RUP Jes US QUIE μὰ
peu! οὐκὶ Ὁ ἂν Y. RE de uns uel ual UE uuo σ el ‏ܐܒ‎
‎ds AY ‏ܐܨ‎ dbz Y zo eX Cos ων dl que (qub 45 té oh
d pA qué mL ὦ let © 3 ‏ܚܚ‎ Je ‏ܡ‎ DAE cet
‏ܐܚܝܨܢ‎ eu» ο Ier οἱ Lu) SUL SARI CD ALL SUUM uu 2 Jé
‏ܐܐܝܕ‎ Ulla λα. PL ce Val
Lei dog Gir db Kay ces de οὐ ‏ܠܐܨܢ ܘܐ‎ oll eI ies οἷ, Ex
X EU uu W bud spl dn JR ‏ܝܨ‎ que due lie uia 2e Us
er ‏ܠܐܝܐ‎ eoa ο ‏ܦܨ‎ das age ill OUI a Le ‏ܝܨ‎ los
PAIN pales LA SUN Ge cen! JE tai Ja Li IR ‏ܝܢܐ‎ Lis
lp ‏ܕܐܚ‎ ὁ os uy Les Οἱ bel deg es MES μὴ ΠΡΟ bols

And when he entered the church, he saw that it had no roof. "Therefore
he sighed, saving : « O my Lord and God, Jesus Christ, thou saidst to
Peter, the ehief of the diseiples : I will build my chureh upon the rock,
aud the gates of Hell shall not prevail against her, And though some of
the hypocritical princes have oppressed her somewhat, yet according to
thy. word she shall never be destroyed. — Proud princes like Diocletian and
Julian and such as resembled them have been repulsed, but the Church is
exalted in every age, and faith is perfected. Ὁ Lord, 1 pray and implore
that thou wilt renew. the Church by grace, and overthrow all the hypo-
critical princes that oppose lier, and show them their weakness speedilv,
and bring their counsels to nought. And grant me a governor, sceking the
truth, who will command that the churches be rebuilt, and restored to
their former condition of decenev and beauty, by making thy light to rise
among them. »

And while he was praying with these and similar words, he heard, like
the blessed David, a voice saving : « As for theo, 1 will take thee to myself,
and give thee rest from the troubles of this worll. But he who shall come
alter thec is he that shall build and restore the churches. » When the
patriareh heard these words, he begau the liturgy; and as soon as he had
finished the service, he communicated the laity of the IIoly Mysteries, and
gave them the salutation of peace. — Afterwards the bishops returned to their
dioceses. ΔῈ that time our father, Abba Jolin, was attacked by fever, aud
