394 HISTORY OF ΤΗΕ PATRIARCIIS. [508]
CÓ db uut uS Οὐ ul LX ues σαν Cal mall δὲ pres
iSt ‏ܪܬܚ‎ on 5d E có e^ OUR aus cae d obs
DU At ο θέ ges de le cé Gent ‏ܠܗܐܘ‎ os συν
mu pau - - Cis Gi c Ve «λε Les Ub ui che RS
Uo, Ul 3 Nc ο. ο ‏ܫܝ‎ GA 063 d$ à uus un Ep ri)
Jes peo EU s S L ele lx dex La ue ex si
© >» ` Ημ Qu JI Saale LS is e di y Xy Was
δες SLR οἷ» ch REM ὅν 1) δη Ts Οἱ 2 ‏ܘܕܨ‎ lem
o^ ele ἀμ re de at dame luni al c pir me A VER ee

1. E om. to «3. — 2. E om. to ‏ܟ‎ —8F SN — 4, E om. to Bai
add. ΣΌΝ» 9 UJ. — 3, ‏ܐܐ‎ add. Bout ELM. 6. ‏ܬܶܐ‎ Lo. — 7. E om. F
om. with 2 foll. wds. add. ai, (55 Ji, Las Li ‏ܨ‎ m 8 TS ‏ܨ‎ Ru mM
--8. Fix | c3. — 9. E om. to c 40} Li add. aux Je ΑΙ fuae.

let us not interrupt. the Christian. charity and spiritual coucord which we
share with them. » Accordingly, our father, Abba Cyriaeus, patriarch of
Antioch, addressed to Abba John, patriarch of Alexandria, a synodieal
letter, full ol the grace of the Holy Ghost, and despatehed it by the hand of
Anastasius, melropolitan of Damaseus, who was aceompanied by two bishops
of his province. In this epislle Cyriacus spoke of the orthodox. union
existing between the two sees of Antioch and Alexandria, and announced
how he had taken his seat upon the throne of lgnatius, the W'earer of
Divinity. And when the letter reached. Abba Johu, and he had read it,
he rejoiced greatly, and glorilied the Lord Jesus Christ, who always cares
for his Clinreli and for his people, whom he bought with his precious Blood.
Afterwards our. father, Abba John, commanded. that the letter should he
read before the people, who marvelled when they heard its eloquence, and
beeause it was a long time since a synodieal had arrived; and they wave
thanks to God [ου it. And when the envoys, Anastasius and the to bishops,
visited the church at Alexandria, they. were filed with admiration of its
paintings and decoralion, aud 1he marshalling of the patriareh and bishops
and elergv. and the seven ecclesiastical orders, and the dignity of all of
them and their sereuity and piets. And tlie Syrtans wondered. aud glorilieil
God for the magnitude of the grace whicli rested upon the clergy of Alexan-
