[511] PT. I. CH. XIX. JOHN 10V, À. D. 775-799. 397
lb rs QU 4 quil des < edi οὐ» GUI ES dii e cul si
ὡς 228 ἰ ae God ul λλσο ‏ܘܳܐ‎ ab quel ‏ܠܐܫܐ‎ die οὔ Que at d Bin,
dut οἱ οἷ Qui dB ος Les at 5 S ΟἹ 3 ces
ud ole ue aes 4 dE O6 Gil ο νο”.
© AS 7 5  - ul 3 say les es d

Oa! xe anl y eS à ‏ܝ‎ Wd ‏ܠܝ‎ 9 ss de at 3 NN
zu ΟΝ ie deY dub ekz! BIS Y d Ji qb aA» Reo ab
dis A ‏ܐܠܘ‎ de dd de ‏ܐ ܐܚܨ ܦܨ ܘ ܘܕܢ‎ δὴ (οὐδ OY db Ul pol οἱ nou!
Gia D €Y ew Si xa GLEN YD ‏ܚܝ‎ UE das ILU, des deu
d ames ehe QE ‏ܧܐܘ‎ κ ail ‏ܠܐܚܕ‎ d Jug LR

L. E om. to ais add. as "d ge sal ‏ܢܼܘ‎ ge py — 2, Mss. ἠνία, —
3. Mss. Sab.

the door opened for him, and he escaped; and none of those who were
guarding him awoke as he went out. When morning came, tlie patriarch
sent for Mark, but found that he was gone. And Abba John, though he
gave orders to enquire after the fugitive, could not discover him, and there-
fore was indignant. Then the patriarch appointed a son of his, named
Cosmas, and ordained him for the people of Migr; but after a short time he
died. And there was a person called Michael, of virtuous life; therefore
Abba John eonsecrated him bishop for them.

Aud the patriarch wasangry with Mark the deacon, because he had escaped
and disobeyed his father's command. So he wrote a letter to the holy father
George at Al-Burlus, whom we mentioned at tlie beginning of tliis narra-
tive. The letter was written in order to let him know that the patriarch
was displeased with his son Mark, on aecouut of his disobedience to his
father, and flight from him, and because Mark had lowered the patriarchal
dignity in the eyes of the people of Misr. To this the holy George, the
prophet, answered, saving : « Let not thy Paternity be angrv with. thy
soi because he resisted thee. — For thou didst desire to oppose God's decree,
since that which thou didst purpose for Mark was not from God. But
God has reserved hin, that he may reecive thy see and thy primaey alter
thee. » When the father patriarch heard this prophecy, he inarvelled ; for
he believed all that the holy old hermit said to him. — Aud. when Mark learnt
this, he returned to the patriarch, and prostrated himself before bim and
