428 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCIIS. [542]
Gub culi ὃν Rude All cues ‏ܘܤܝܨ‎ QE συ ‏ܝܐܐ‎ pue ce ὁ
B δν. - "P + 5 1
ο ο ‏ܒ݁ܰܫܐܝܕܬ݁ܳܢ ܐܨ‎ de ARV erm sl ae en deo per
¿| ‏ܐܐܣ‎ «λε Vert ol ui um ce ἀρ] efe ο ‏ܐܚܝ܀‎ STRESS
Lies KK ον Jie, qu cv re aca Cs 2C, sd Qr té
Lau pes οὐ ob ο] JS ὁ dE otis οἷς, leue i 3E LE,
Bit ‏ܐܦܬܨܐ‎ bes ‏ܐܠܚܙ ܛ‎ Re ule LE ‏ܐܝܐ‎ uie ὧν Lu sut ue dé

AEN Yi ae ‏ܝܕܨ‎ pee das ze
Ad o Rub b  - - ο» Goal uus ANT ὧν ὁ οὔ
Jui ὃ ὃν muni SU Lob tuy ὅθε, Gal pos LE οἱ La be

1. E om. to  - 2. E {530 ‏ܫ‎ — 8. E om. — 4. EF om. — 5. E ‏ܨ‎

Egvpt and the East. And le robbed those that were journeying to Misr
or Upper Egypt or Abyssinia or Nubia of all their goods; so that travelling
was interrupted on the roads and all the tracks through fear of lim. This
attack upon Egypt lasted long on account of the. disturbed state of the go-
vernment of Bagdad. And the ‏ܡܝ‎ rose against the government in
Egypt, and gathered the taxes for themselves. There was among them a
man. called Abd al-Aziz al-Jarawi, who seized the land from Shatnaf to
Al-Faramá, with the eastern province of Egypt, Bilbais and its territory.
And there was one named As-Sari, son of Al-Hakam, who took the country
between Misr and Aswán. These (wo nien took possession of ihe revenues,
Moreover those that are called Lakhm and Judbàm, the (wo tribes, seized
be western part of Egypt and tbe. districts of Alexandria and Marvil, and
ruled over the whole of AlBuhairah. These two tribes were generally at
war one witli the other, and plundered one another; and the country sulfered
greatly from them. So when they reduced the city of Alexandria to extre-
mities, the inhabitants praved, aud implored ‘he Lord's help. and begged
him to deliver them from this tyraunieal. people.

Now there was in those days to tlie. west of Alexandria a. monastery,
known as the Monastery of Az-Zajàj, at whieh there was an aged hermit,
endowed with grace to see through the Holy Ghost signs and visions ;
and his name was John. And he said to the Alexandrians prophetically :
« | see that von are distressed by. this people. In the same way. believe
