4184 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCUS. 1532]
ies ‏ܦܨܐ‎ ἴων Le οὐδ LV cub Shi Rua SE) ‏ܨ‎ Eee 9 past
dal ludas ‏ܐܪܘܚ‎ ο ο cub OM cub Wiz. bits ‏ܐܠܩܬ‎
‎cet SA ad CY Lt sad GA

E Gandi Ma quud a Les Clé 305 Al ο) CERN cba US
0 ( x de ol fs ele - 6 QUUD ‏ܝ‎ lel ose dE
phys DX ada ὁ ὦ le ‏ܠ‎ Lu Crisi Jul UV ‏ܝܫܘ ܝܨ‎ es
e UY eem RI ο LES ΛΔ ‏ܦܕ‎ cena Y! una Ll

Da fa esi ‏ܕ ܘ‎ ue ‏ܠܐܝܚܘ‎ ὦ ‏ܚܠ‎ Ar SUELE UE uia Ub Cul ole Le

Li ace ‏ܕܐ"‎ usd ‏ܢܫܘ‎ dass OL à Sol EN ον CU ο.

Mis Gub el ee ipu cA ee ‏ܘܟܝܨ‎ οὐ} ol d cuu LS D als

1. Mss. 5 — 2. E om. to at. — 3. E 100 — 4. E om. to eS — 5. E
om. to ‏ܝ‎ — 6. E Liens. — 7. E om. to m Sens add. eet - xs i
aM ho. inf UN Less abb RUN MM.

ܢ

of healing. Human bodies are cured by those who understand their sickness.
Through proper treatment of the sick, they are restored to heallh and grow
strong. Thou art now ἃ physician of souls, and, by the power of the
doctrine of our Lord Christ, thou. wilt remove the disease implanted by the
euemy. Salutation to our holy and blessed. Father! Amen. »

When this letter reached Cyriacus, patriarch of Antiocli, he admired the
solieitude shown hy this holy. man, aud strove with all his iniglit lo bring
back that sinner, bat had no power over lim. — For Satan continued to
incline Abraham's heart; and fiually à number of his brother bishops in the
regions of Antioeli joined him, and went astrav with him in this error.
Then the people of the east called them Abrahamites ; and they. separated
tliemselves from the Church and the orthodox Synod.

When our father Mark returned lo Alexandria, after the building of the
ehureh. known hy. his name, the orthodox rejoiced and were all filled. with
divine emulalion. — Aud Solomon, the pins magistrate, and a band of
Christians. with. him, visited our father, and prayed him earnestly, saving
to him: « The whole land of Egypt is filet with joy through the building
of tlie ehurches, especially that ehurch which thou liast built at Misr. And
hou, our father, knowest thal during 1he lifetime of our father, Abba John,
we hegged him to rebuild. the church. of the Lord and Saviour, and to
eularge it aud increase it, becanse it stands in the midst of the 9 But
