430 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCHS. [544]
oem Luc ps ‏ܨܐ ܀‎ Jas als cu Tuus ο) οὐ ‏ܕܝܐ‎ sl σε
Ian ὁ QUÉ, xot Xt ‏ܪ‎ LUN de che dut de οὐ.) pti
AL ‏ܢܟ‎ με qe all οὐ τ LS Ji QUY ὡς G Roxy
bius Cal LRU ὁ. d LL, gas pulls Ft ‏ܩܐܘ‎ Ὁ
Ga ul des a8 o Gil ‏ܘܕܢ‎ uf ius ὁ de loss ὦ uui
JG ule ‏ܐܡܕ ܕܐܠ ܐܚܨ ܐܨܚܐܧܚܡ‎ Pos Less dé dés ‏ܒ ܒ = ܟܢ ܨ‎
‏ܒܥܬ ܚܝܨ‎ Dh οὐ A ei ‏ܐ ܶܢ‎ D AUS de ‏ܐܒܗ‎ οἷν Gifs Ji
‏ܐܐܕܐܐܟܨܢ‎ LE ge Le ἢ ο ο RU laut tés Ge
Gi 5 as pu GE DE ως ps Dom SS a» Ge will El m
qub oes 56 3 5 £ ana] Ua qe Sie <
‏ܒܚ‎ Ud DENT 2 QUU ο) 2 Jp. dy lids ‏ܝ‎ 8

1. BG σὰ COL NS GE SUAM MSG pesi! SL I — 2. E om.
with f. wd. — 3. E "m eu —^.Eom. F Ses JI. — 5. E om. to OS + add.

AU MS Ce er! 4, ‏ܝ‎ prse 6. E om. to sde. — 7. ABDE(G om.

of the various states, and he gaineda fair fame among them. "Therefore
Satan was filled with envy against him on aecount of his deeds, and
brought trials upon him and showed the sting of his wickedness.

There was in the city of Alexandria in those days a governor of high
lineage among the Muslims, named Omar son of Malik. But the tribes of
Lakhm and Judhàm and Madlajah rose against him aud sought to slay him,
that thev might take possession ofthe city. Sa they begau to light with
him, but eould not prevail against him. And there was among the Spa-
niurds à very 01:1 man who had come to Alexandria in his vouth, and was
skilful in all suile and deceit; and he acted as mediator between the tribe
of Laklin. and the Spaniards, in order that tho latter might assist the
former to kill the zovernor; and they all came to an agreement upou this
‏ܠܐ‎ Aecordingly the Spaniards joined the Lakhmites on the 10th. day
of Ba'ünah, in the vear 530 of the Martyrs: and, after the old man's sug-
gestions had been aecepted by them, he acted. as their guide in this deed.
Then they. killed the governor and took possession of tlie. city. And that
which happened subsequeutly is such as to sadden and grieve us. For on
the day after the murder of the governor, namely the 11th. of Ba'ünah, there
was a quarrel between the Lakhmites and the Spauiards; and instead of
peace hostility and war broke out. And there was an encounter between

