[537] PT. 1. CH. XIX. MARK 111, A. D. 799-819. 423
at Lo, ρον» auus opel ‏ܡܨܒܼܕܐ‎ lot San νυ ο ub li ais
pex ὡς αὶ ἂν JL. ‏ܕܫܨ‎ ΟΥ̓ pe gs pe ‏ܐܐܡܐ‎ ail qe ὧν; OÙ pue
ο Όων αἱ» ‏ܕܘܩ‎ sal bis ‏ܐܕܕ‎ «ὁ LS sal pose Gal He lin basé
ον eie» ‏ܝܨ‎ Le ‏ܠܐܫܢ‎ pus cé pl dé um Cue C dé Rl
Dates Kb Lis EURE ο EU Y del GUI go 6 2o V JR LJ
dh Less co bee uud dal de me Lé diues deY GL ge
pum < ὧς salt dS G és des can GS Do L des
Ul ‏ܕܐܕ‎ ml Ma Le Jo mul des Ge pra des pn UE Us ‏ܨܢ‎
‎pis! ds pol ὅρον PLV pol ο. ὃν
‏)ܠܩܒܼܕܝ̈‎ ο νο obus vice des aus Al
33 Li < 8 i ‏ܚ‎ μον 3 ὁ D ὡς Les gars ϱ Tg

‎dese, — 3. Β‏ ܘܐ ‎ques, SUN Las, tt lude οἱ. — 3. E om.‏ ܐܐ . ܬ

‎Q^ gi. — ας E om. to SJ.

‎and crosses and books of the gospel, aud pray the merciful God to remove
from them the wrath which had descended upon them. And the father
went oui with them and besought God in his heart with abundant tears.
Thus they marched outside the city to the place where tlie locusts were,
as Abba Mark directed them. There they saw the locusts, which had
flown up high into the air: and there were so many of them that the air was
darkened. And the tears of the people were mixed with their prayers.
Then the patriareh said : « O Lord of merey and pity, destroy us uot for our
sius and offences, but turn away from our transgressions for thy mercy's
sake. As thou didst hear the people of Nineve, hear, O Lord, our suppli-
cation, and accept our petition. — And as thou didst hear the prayer of Moses
in ancient. times, and drive away the locusts from the land of Egypt, so hear
our request to-day, and look upon the tears of thy people and their sighs
which come from the depth of their hearts, and remove this wrath from
us ». Ἡ we did not abhor prolixity, we would fully report all the prayers
and humble supplications that they olfered, and their ardour and their
weeping. And God is the Mighty one, who hears the prayers of his
servants, and delivers those that cry to him. How great was that miracle,
in no respect less than that which took place in the davs of Moses! How
great was the power of Christ in our lather the patriarch! — For at that
very hour the locusts llew away over the heads of the people, and afterwards
