[531] PT. 1. CIL XIX. MARK ΠΠ, A. D. 799-819. 417
‏ܝܝܘ‎ ds ο ‏ܢܨ‎ deb pue Aur d ο eam Doit agi ao
‏ܐܦܝ̈ܝܐܝܘ‎ he de Ys PEU QUE ‏ܐܤ‎ 32 dl Léa Quad ‏ܟܐܝܐ‎ JE soi er
5 LE Ji es ‏ܦܠܡ‎ τῷ συ GR DU UE C$ ues se Yl ‏ܬܝܐ‎
‎ΟὟ Lies - 9 Je 5 ‏ܝ‎ Ge ὁ QUSS à,
ο) sem Le ἴον τῶν El ο oué su EM vie Je ees d
Li, ὦ LES ais, Ge ‏ܚܝܨ‎ ce (ὦ ΟΥ) Es MU Lans des
ὧν Gi AU Es ‏ܘܕܨ‎ ο JS ad de δ uet Ας (δ A, Rue ‏ܦܨ‎
‎del ο qe! ‏ܝܨ‎ 95} AS Ge wlas! Ge Di «lasl ‏ܝ‎ 62
& Go Οἱ «ου will le sb JU db ὃς dax Y ddl ΟὟἹ ul us
Post δω) ‏ܒ‎ JS de dual Ὁ LS LS al ‏ܝ‎ y» Gil «λεν!

1. RG EN eus, M DS ΡΕ las ‏ܨ‎ — 3. DF om. — 3. F add. Le ‏ܐܨ‎
‎34$ b. — 4 E om. to Au) add. à (Jo GES, — 5. E om. to NE add. MY

06 0 Goléil, — 6. E om. to ‏.ܫܚܕ‎

members sulfer; and if one member of the body is glorified, the whole
body rejoices with it. » This the holy. Mark, the patriarch, said, while he
was praving to the Lord. Aud because he cared greatly for the Faith and
for union with the Antiochenes, he wrote to the Father Patriarch Cyriacus a
letter of which here is ἃ copy : « À report lias reached us of the seed that
Satan lias sown in your holy Church in tlie error of Abraham.  Tlerefore our
Church mourned: and we assembled together on that account, because we
never heard before these days of auything out of harmony with our union
in the orthodox Faith, and with that which the Lord joined together, when
he brought us all into the true light. And now we have become like those
wlio have taken ἃ prisoner, and offered him as a gift to the king; bnt while
he is making provision for him, he is attacked by a strange nation, which
takes possession of the captive. But 1 trust in that king, with whose
weapons we are armed to fight his enemies, that he will speedily put his
enemies to shame, aud deliver the captive from their hands. Therefore, 0
blessed father, neglect not to seek out the erring one, and feed him with
the food. with which the sick ought to be fed, namely the word of Gud.
As the teacher Paul wrote to us, saying! : Receive the weak in the faith,
and help them, uot with disputations on opinious, but by the exercise of the art

1. Hom.. xiv, 1,
