524 . HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCIIS. [638]
‏ܥܢ‎ δ ‏ܐܥܢ‎ ag ‏ܕܐܘ ܕ(‎ ὦ du ‏ܐܠܨ‎ Soo λῶν Tuy CAN ὦ» Ter
ων Ul OV Yes don ἡ οἱ Ge à Ge Li uel ‏ܝܠܘ ܛܰܢ‎
il ὦ ὦ» (| ue 6 di de Syl ‏ܐ‎ JR y Gal ‏ܐܡܨܐܘ ܪܢ‎ e zh 06
Luis Pob uel Mas Lou Cunyb ya Le ‏ܘܐ‎ Que A5 39 a
Dé ELA OU et SUV ons ὦ οὐ μθ el τον dll Fu ‏ܘܳܐ‎
‎Pa Cu pe Ut ‏ܕܐܐ ܨܒܢ ܐ‎ je 10, 2i ο μὰ Ae LI ve
Mud PU. Pad ont Lis ‏ܐܦܐܟ‎ lind (et ke Ub Cent Les
$! SEL ὧν dum pe ο) τ ‏ܘܨ‎ ae ‏ܠܐܝܟܐܨܓ‎ CU Jus Dot pots Cul
LV A ` dE 3 4 Jui goal pur ule Lis GS
ses Vs pol ECRANS

1. Mss. ph. — 2. BDFG Qt DF add. ‏ܙܨ‎ (| eat d Ses 5 ‏ܢܨ‎ JL
Le als N bul. — 3. E om. add. ES — 4. ABDFG Le, — 5. Mss. om. —
6. BEG gra. — 7. G om. to 0 LMI. — 8. B add. y. — 9. ABDFG iJ E
om. — 10. DF pes NT E pe 5 — 1. E <£ 12 ABG |a DEF
Le}. — 13. DEF om. with 2 f. wds.

the judge acted among the Muslims in what he decreed, whether it were
honest or perverse or deceitful.

But the father, Abba Joseph, did not cease to fight for the truth, and to
declare his trust in God; and therefore he feared none but God, who created
him. Now the patriarch knew what had taken place between the bishop
and the judge. And the judge began to think what evil he should do to
the patriarch. So one day he gave orders that the father patriarch should
be summoned. And certain bishops were present at the judge's house that
day, aud were irving to eonciliate Banah, bishop of Misr; and their names
were Abba Pachomius, bishop of Bastah, and George, bishop of Taha, and
another George, bishop of Ahnás, and Zacharias, bislop of Al-Dubairah,
and Mennas, bishop of Al-Bahnasa, besides others. So when the pairiarch
appeared before the judge, the latter said to him : « Who wave thee autho-
rity to be chief over all the Christians? » The patriareli replied : « God gave
me this anthority ». Then the judge turned to the aforesaid bishops and
to the bishop of Misr, who was with them, and said to them : « Obey this
patriarch no longer from this day forth, and call him not father; but make
this man your father (that is to say Banah, bishop of Misr), and let him be
