544 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCIIS. [058]
Sell uos di ‏ܒܢ‎ JS agi ο! Lot Les ο GNT ὁ uet GU.
Adan] 5 «e - "UJ 9  : AU dal bles aus 5
ο ο Je is lem Ge καΐρ 28 νο oos Ys
sens Jul ‏ܘܕܨ ܩܬܐ‎ eus o di οἱ ste op dl ὦ» 46 ‏ܕܫܐ‎
‎32 Nous JUS 3 le ` 5 PEN SA Ul
sl ae ον all pol Go ως LL CS as Jet jeu UL Vs
ces BL ur XL QU qo outil OU QUE emus list LA
de s EX. 339 LU SLI 5 οὖν Rat 5 ἰοῦ Es
Gas giae Les Li uie amb Xu bte Qu ‏ܠܐܕܓܕܐܨ‎ αν ‏ܨ‎
‎< - de sal ‏ܓ‎ 35 ἀπὸ  - Xe 20

1. BDFG om. — 2. E om, to 5 add, ` 0 — 3. E om. — ἦς Bis 32 E cop

Ve | C^
CNT - £ E om. with f. wd., add. slt, — 6. E i3! Ji. 7. E om. to Jt.
— 8. B πρὸ Qo uoc 0. AD Li, Bx. — 00. E Rx) E ey andi
om. with f. wd, — 12. B  - 13. BG 9 — 14. BDEFG om. — 15. E om.

to 0 ‏ܥܓ‎

‘the streets. to the people : » Rise up and bury the governor! » And all
men praised God, the worker of wonders among his saints. And the
people of the city began to respect and honour the father for the troubles
and sorrows and straits whieh he had eudured, and hecause God bad saved
him from them all, manilesting wonders by his means.

"Then on account of the straits and the sorrow and distress that had afllic-
ted Abba Joseph, it was God's will to give him rest from this world, and lo
call him (o (0 mausious of light, that he might enjoy eternal life. Μορ so
God had promised 1o that saint, saying lo him: « Thou shalt be happy for
ever, and shalt live eternally »..— Accordingly after these events the patriareli
fell siek of a lever. And on the seventh day of his sickness the Lord visited
him, aud took him to himself. So lie went (o his rest on tlie twenty-third
day of Bàbali, in the year 366 ol the Martyrs, at the time of the communion
ofthe Holy Mysteries, the day being Sunday. Tlhus he had remained ttpon
the evangelic and apostolie throne cigliteen. years and eleven months.

And they carried. his body to the city of. Alexandria and laid him with
his holy. fathers, ‏ܣ«‎ glory and. lionone,— And tie peuple of Alexandria,
both: men and women, wept copions teurs over him, because they had lost a
