534 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCIIS. [648]
‏ܚ‎ Tex due Gil ‏ܐܠܩܚܕ‎ Je Loa LEE Ege luas Quadl ΟἹ ‏ܟܗ‎
‎jfi. Ub Gy SUV μὰ a Ge ‏ܢܐ‎ OM de ‏ܘܗ‎ dé ορ
` dh x. AT ΟἹ uiu CU at Le ὁ βὰν Οὐ ο) sl ls G
o^ zu OE πα Ge ο os ui ‏ܦܨܐ‎
‎AME YI sadi 97,5, ‏ܕܐ ܕܨ‎ ON EE ae Gi af spé ο pl ae
DUE ae cm cils aal de lis iles es DEN GG ud AG
“μῶν Gre ‏ܐܘ )ܝܐܘ‎ amu, "UL ‏ܐܨ‎ ui DS uae le iles ‏ܐܝܘ‎ Pas uy
‏ܿܨ‎ Ade Jus ‏ܚܨ‎ Est οἱ ab due ‏ܐܝܐܝ‎ SY suas ο ‏ܐܚܨ‎ UI
sah Ja ϱ Οὔ- SU ‏ܡܐܫܶܢ‎ dor JI Gl ῥλ ‏ܒܢ ܘܬܬܐ‎ us ¥ οἱ τῳ
οὐ S ο”
‏ܠܥ‎ Xd! cab i: SL] 7 ‏ܓ‎ 5 SY! σπα quM S d,

LB ‏ܰܣ‎ — 0, D o2 So. — 3. ΡΕ ol. — 4. DF om... — 5. Mss. =. dl. —
‏ܝ 3 ܆‎ ο E curs

0. Mss, 2,22. — 7. E om. to el 205 QU. — 8. ABD Est. — 9. Mss. δώ.

was with the holy father Dioscorus in the island of Gangra, on account of
the man with the withered arm who was eured by the blood from the confes-
sors hand. For 1 believed that the Lord would do bv means of this father
that which would eure this man's son. And while 1 was meditating on this,
the Lord willed to increase my faith. by this holy mau. — For he bade me
take ἃ sheet of paper and an inkstand, and write upon the sheet thus :
« Joseph, ihe mean one, the least of all the palriarchs, speaks and bids
Hee, unelean spirit, depart from the servant of Christ our God, and forbids
thee 10 return. to him henceforth, through the power of the Father, and the
Son, and the Holy Ghost, the one God ».

Thercupou the father of the youth took this letter, and departed. quickly
to his house, and read tlie writing over his son; and at once the devil went
out of him, and did not return (o him. And while our father remained at
Misr, that man came to him and prostrated himself before him with great
110 saving : « Ethank the Lord lor thy. pravers; for hy. thy. words my
son was healed ». But our father lorbad him under pain of 5
penanee to tell anyone of tliis matter. And the man swore to us that the
devil had never returned to his son simce that αν,

In those days the father Dionysius, patriareh of Antioch, went to his resl.
So tlie metropolitans and the bishops. aud. the. orthodox laitv took thonglit
