[637] PT. 1. (11. XX. JOSEPII, A. D. 830-849. 523
‏ܚܟܝܨ‎ V6 Li οἱ Eau bb; A OM ce ga uus -λλ-ὶ 05

y Gg. OUS ὁ Su, xls UIS del us ‏ܩܬ ܐܠܐ ܕܐܐ‎ cy ‏ܐܚܝ ܘܡܘ‎
Goes, (UY ail Ue gubll eam ο ὁ δν e$ ua 10] amd oa
HL ο NIRE σα
o del JS QU se de ‏ܕܠ‎ db ge iue % Eh EM eh OL
de Je pin 0 ζω Qi lan Ge ‏ܘܠܬ‎ dus «le Le AÙ ο ‏ܠܐܘ‎
‎Seu 4e Cubes poil Dalle qe ορ ο ο ‏ܩܬܐ‎ Jay as
ὁ ‏ܐܝܙ‎ Jiié as Qe αὐ αλ ὧν» ee ‏ܢܘܨ ܨܢ‎ οἷόν ile dt SI
GUN ES jee ii & Ue ὦ ds ¥ QJ AMI ue has Poil ο

1. Mss. 6. — 2. E om. to ET 0 — 3. Mss. , cl p. — ^. BDG om. — 5. E om.

to ‏ܚܣ‎ — 6. E dé ES — 7. Ε om. to Ga. — 8. D «Ὁ — 9. Mss. 10

And the bishop of Misr bogan to request further promotion of the father
patriarch. And there was a judge at Misr, named Muhammad, son of Abd
Allah, whom that man used to consult in all his business. And this judge
was a man to be feared, and one whose words none could resist, for he was
looked up to by all the Muslims as a lawyer and a leader, and was learned
in their religion. — But lie secretly did deeds that were worthy of blame, and
loved to drink wine and to liear singing, and he purchased beautiful slave-
girls, and indulged in amusement ° and debauchery without fear of God or
shame hefore men, according to the words of the Gospel" concerning those
like him. Nevertheless God endured him, and allowed him a respite, and
added to his days one equal to a thousand years, while he persisted in his
folly and insolence against the people of this orthodox religion and the other
Christian communities, and swore against Christ. In accordance with this
eharacter, he brought lawsuits against the father patriarch several times, and
mocked him. So God brought down his deeds upon his own pate, as David
says in the Psalin? : « Pour out thy wrath upon the heathen that have not
known thee». "Therefore when Banah, bishop of Misr, saw the power of
this judge, and his influence over the goveruor and eommanders of the
Muslims, he made friends with hin, in order that the judge might do what
he desired, and that none might oppose him in his administration, just as

1. S. Luke, xvii, 2, — 2. ls. vit, 07; LxxIx, 6 (Sept. nxxvim.
