[659] PT. I. CH. XX. JOSEPII, À. D. 830-849. 545
UN JUS ‏ܕܐ‎ cele ‏ܐܐ‎ des eaa is Jis COELI dol ‏ܒܨܢ‎ 1 ~
dans qum Mee LS es Lie oeil je daté Lies
Le alle dam οἱ οὐἱ
οἱό 9i 5 du Cl οἱ Col Ge vos cdd gl 6 ede pes
all δ᾽ Abus ‏ܢܚܫܘ‎ ὦν Qt) ο uu ‏ܐܐܐ‎ ὁ em QJ 46
Jen DU ΟὟἹ ule All QE Jl oil oui ὁ Οἱ ‏ܕܰܒ‎ οἷα 48 Tate
od di ον Cut ‏ܒ‎ Heg Va Je ὁ» at 956 CE ‏ܘܢ !95 ܘܝ ܐܢܐ‎
‏ܬܐܝ ܐܚܢܘ‎ Œ out οὐ ὁ ‏ܐ‎ mun Ub Qus de ‏ܹܐ‎ ος (Ul ὁ oJ
Jan dl» Li ra?! Boy em dl Xe μα "ECHTE
jus 19 Ga dui QU uou JL al ‏ܘܕܨ‎ οὗ nie JE dues US ‏ܨܐ‎ ὥρα

1. E om. to 335 add. ol 259 y EN sl ‏ܣܨ‎ V LAN! is db ‏ܟܐ‎ e
EG eate "EM M, — 2. A bo BDFG M ‏ܟ‎ pa "M — 4. DF là.
— 5. BG ise. — 6, BGL. — 7. DF » je. — 8. BG. 9l. — 9. DF om. — 10. DF
3 — 11. BG om. with f. wd. — 12. ABLE url. — 13. BG £X E om. to 0

man who was constant in his fight against evil. And he obtained 1he erown
of vietory.

Sueh were the events whieh I witnessed with my own eyes: but I have
abridged my narrative on aecount of the multitude of its wonders. We
pray the Lord to allow the prayers of that saint to be with us.

Now itis right for you, my holy lords, and my duty also that 1 should
make known to you and you should listen to the fulfilment of a prophecy
whieh he uttered to me, while he was living, and which the Lord accom-
plished after his death, that those who hear may marvel and glorily God
who is glorified in his elect. 1 related before that, at the time when the
unjust judge brought troubles upon Egvpt, the patriareh said : « As Lam
a sinuer, God will send down vengeance upon this tyrant for lis deeds,
yet not in my lifetime, but after my death ». And when Abba Joseph
went to his rest, there was a prinee of the Muslims, named Ja'far, son
of Ibrahim; aud lie sent to. Egypt à man named Ya'küb, sou of Ibrahim,
to enquire into the state of Egypt, and make it known to him. So when
Ya'küb came hither, he was informed, by God's decree, of the conduct of
the unjust judge, aud of his evil deeds whieh he committed. seeretly and
openly. Thereupon Ya'küb suddenly arrested the Superiutendeut of Public
