510 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCIHS. [024
‏(ܐܨ ܐ ܐܘ‎ sex ‏ܝܕܨ‎ Ut We e ο ο Cle Lal
"eU c ux ule «ΣΙ Cus ὦ μα die ‏ܐܝܐܘ"‎ PU Ὁ Le s
“ὦ. S Adily ecl 2 ΔΩ des ‏ܦܨ ܢܘܬܘܡܢ‎ ὦ» ‏ܒܐܬ ܐܚܩܰܫܶܢ‎ σιν ‏ܚܨܧ̄ܪ‎ Azh
‏ܣܝ‎ "m 3») ‏ܫ‎ SEE lS ο és LA du ull Jey oie Cs
MILES ETE EOS ME boss À ET pes mb ὧν de
CM bis οἱ ο) EN ος ‏ܐܦܐ‎ elle CEE ὁ ΟΣ ‏ܐܬܟܠ ܩܢܨܵ‎ es
LS GAS ΟὟ ce ub Cat Me Qi Db sb] ‏ܝܕܨ‎ lé ges 4 lU,
‏ܒܣ‎ < Am, Gil, -3 CE 03 Jui 555 qe - Doy.
ο (7 ‏ܠ‎ GG «n ἧς - HU ` 7 Yl (0 5

±. Mss. ‏ܐ‎ — 2. BEG Jet — 3. DEF om. — 4. D Le. — 5. ΡΕ Uk, —
6. BEG om. — 7. Mss. jet. -- δ. Β a, μι — 9. E om. to iles: add. Les. —
10. 4 4 SES — IL ABDE 5 12. BEG om. — 13. ABE x D

ce F - M QUE. — 14 E em, — 15. E. ut. — 16. E om. to je 3), add.
exa de
KJ5 m oe

our folly, aud send ns someone who will pray to God for us, and intereede
for us, that we may be saved by thy acceptable prayers ».

When the father had read this letter, he rejoieed over the king's faith
and quickly seut and summoned that bishop from the monastery of Baramus,
and having encouraged and eonsoled him sent him back to the Abyssinians.
And he despatched an escort of trustwortliy men with him on account of the
dangers of the road, and gave him sullicient provision for the journey. And
he dismissed tlie party, giving them liis blessing that God might make their
path easy. And God heard him; for they salely reached the friendly king,
who rejuiced over them with all the natives of the land.

After this, Satan, tlie enemy of peace, suggested an idea to some of the
people of that countrv. Aecordingly, they waited upon tlie king, aud said
to him : « We request thy majesty to command this bishop to be cireumeised.
For all the inhabitants of our country are eireumcised except him ». And the
working of Satan was so powerful that the King approved this proposal, namely
that the aged. bishop should be taken and cirenmeised, or else that he
shonld return to the place whence he had come. Aud when the bishop
recollected the hardships of his journeys, both when he departed and when
he returned, and then of what he would experience again, he dreaded the
difficulties of the road both by land and water. So he said : « E will submit

