[657] PT. I. CIE XX. JOSEPH, A. D. 830-849. 543
0 ΟΥἹ DS dps ᾧ - de ο), qub ule Id oix de Ug Ya SJ ἃ
AE qul vo V SUE dead 18 Cus D PAU unes is UG Rte
‏ܐܝܕܐ‎ JUN uml Les «iiA νοᾶρ μ Qul Gt ce del e LY! lus
Si QJ οὐ JUI Tax ele 2 οἱ de Dj uox abus vi
= il le ‏ܝ‎ x sm quel! ex LOS οἱ BA συ ke
SE Eh υπ ὁ ὦ OUS ο ‏ܒܨ‎ PLI Us El el 15. g υ-
ὁ ordi te gu ϱ ui 3 δὼ ον dl EN ida
ob ‏ܐܐܟ‎ des set us al es ‏ܒܨ‎ mac Gps UAI 455 ‏ܝܕܨ‎ el ‏ܐܨܨ‎

1. DF om. with f. wd. — 2. BDFG om. -3. BG QD vum. — ^4. BG ewe. —
5. E om. to lu je. — 6. HB M DF om. will 2f. wds. — 7. E add. al. -. 8. E om.
to me Xi ἃ» add. MI ‏ܗ‎ db. QUE de ‏ܒܬܐ ܐܢܓ‎ 2d e gen c^ 8 ΠΝ
— 9. Β ἴδοι — 10. BU om. with f. wd., B add. eu! ( add. eat — 11. DF EN

all this the pains were increasing upon him; and the blood ran from his body,
and he could not sleep by night or by day. And he could not find a physi-
eian who could treat him, nor did medicine benefit him. Meanwhile the
father remained in prison for the sake of the four hundred dinars, and prayed
to God night and day, saying: « Let my supplieation come before thee, O
Lord, and the sighing of the sick and the eaptives' ». And he remained in
straits many days, while the governor threatened and intimidated him, in
order that he might bring the moncy. And the patriareh's disciples and
friends were in great grief and trouble, and counselled him to pay the
money. So he, upon whom the spirit of prophecy rested, said to them,
that if he were not to qnit that place until he had paid what that tyrant
demanded of him, then on the seventh day after they had entered. therein,
one of God's sudden judgments would he manifested, at which all men
would marvel. Then Abba Joseph paid 1he four hundred dinars, and he and
lis companions were released from the prison. And I, the mean writer of
this history, was with him in the dungeon. And the Lord, who beholds all
things, accomplished the words of this holy man: for on the seventh day after
he paid the money, while we were with him, certain men entered to him and
informed him that the governor was dead, and that the crier was calling in

1. Ps. Lxxix, 11 (Sept. xxvinj.
