470 HISTORY Οἱ THE PATRIARCIIS. [584]
el PUE 5 3 50 PE les Οἱ ὅσον ‏ܘܟ‎ Ul ‏ܐܠܩܕܘ‎ sis cx
023 vis 5 Lie
ὁ ‏ܢ‎ UJ eid oun Ut ‏ܐܨ‎ Vis Qui 45 Cat XY Ge Ll
blu 46 Q5 ge audi ὁ 2xid δὲ ον QUE ‏ܝܨ‎ CU qud
ani dus esl Je «1! dl le (| Qo JI |a amie dus dE GC
Je Gu λος ouis Ul ο) ΟΥ) ο) exis οἱ ‏ܕܚܐܘ‎ YU ὁ gs ual ‏ܠܨ‎
‎0 ‏ܙ‎ bd als Gi ὁ voies nel 559 JL ὟΣ απ) ex G ‏ܐܠܨ‎
‎ο Me db st RE des de usus DU LI Je Les ‏܀‎ M,
ὁ 1 os quls ὁῥ de Le ‏ܐܝ] ܦܕ‎ «λε JE 4 ‏)ܨ‎ Uk GL «Lal οἱ
«45 ‏ܚܢ‎ eus οὐ ‏ܐܝܬ ܀‎ il de ςἀ-γὶ Ua dés pou Jus oui ls

1. AD X5. — 2. ΑΡ ως BFG om. to $ lt add. ο) 0 !3!, — 3. Eom. to

` ada. ‏ܐܨ‎ ba Lal. — ^. Mss. de

io Egypt the money that he had taken from the patriarch, that it might be
handed over to hiin who should be found to be patriareh of Alexandria.
So his sons obeyed him. And this miracle was accomplished in the days
of one who deserved that it should come to pass in his hands, as we will
show to your charity at the end of this history.

Now hear another wonder which was also manifested in the days of this
holy man, Abba James, the patriarch. While tlie Ainir Elias was governor
of Alexandria, a bishop, who held the see of Fau in Upper Egypt, died; and
a person was sent to the patriarch, that he might consecrate him as successor
to the deceased. But this man feared lest God should make his conduct
kuown to the patriarch, who would theu refuse him. — Therefore he went
{ο the Amir, and gave him money, and prayed him to command the father
patriarch, Abba James, to appoint him. In consequence of this the Amir
requested that the appointment might be made; but the father ‏ܚܠ‎
‎refused, because his failh aud his attachment to the canons were strong.
Those that were preseut, however, asked him, sayiug : € Wilt thou consent
to the request of the Amir, lest evil helall both thee and the Church? »
Thus they did not cease to eajole him until he appointed that man. — But
when the newly made bishop departed, Abba James uttered concerning him
the following words, like those of Peter to Simon ihe Magician in his time;
for he said : « lu the place where this bishop expeeled to gain wealth, he
shall disappear after a little while, and the wealtli which lie has acquired
