484 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCHS. [598]
‏ܐܘ‎ lou OS Qui uis U ad ΟΥ̓ ax (6 Uds ‏ܥܢܐ ܐܢ‎ ο) dl oe
‏ܝܟܢ‎ ebore ‏ܐܘ ܝܐ‎ E ubl as Es ail dot ο) adus ‏ܐ‎ ds SU
9 Ve ae P μοι uuu uS xe Qi AE ‏ܘܨ ܐܨ‎ ὦ ᾧ PE ul
‏܀‎ εὐ aedi ‏ܐܨ‎ ἐκ ὩΣ οἱ LEA 44 uds ‏ܐܠܘ‎ ob ὧν ‏ܝܨ‎ GUI vm
Le μον dy db ο...
Get UE ο ‏ܒܨ‎ οἱ Get Lis DU ο...
He ‏ܕܐܨ ܐܝܐ"‎ ei Le ‏ܳܨ‎ ὦ ‏ܠܐܟܐܨܠ‎ Via Li OV as ‏ܐ ܨܢ" ܩܐ‎
ls gió, «f, JE PEU, D, JU 10 )3( nass exil ‏ܦܬܐ‎ 6. Like
Ub da «δν οὐδ Uu ος Y die D, ls eo ule de de ‏ܐܚܝܢ‎
‎aus «κας de e 3$ QUI dS ‏ܦܨ‎ los V ade ami) τις GAP el dun

1 Ὁ ‏,ܐ ܨܐܬ ܐ ܐܐܬ‎ 2. E Dsl. —3. E om. to Mt, 4. add. 9). — δ. ‏ܐ‎
‎il, ‏ܒ‎ E om. to ui b. — 7. ABDG om. — 8. DF < — 9. ABUFG Ju. —
10. E 1. ‏.ܐܬܠ‎ — 11. E om. with foll. wd. — 12. ABDG om. 9. — 13. Mss. om.

his desire to retire to the monasteries. — Accordingly, after à. short sojourn
with the holy Abba Mark, Joseph made a prostratiou belare him, and prayed
the patriureh to send him to tie holy mountain. And the pairiareh observed
how he longed to go thither, and knew by revelation from God that the
youth had found grace. For this reason Abba Mark specdily despatched
him to the inonastery of Saint Macarius, and placed him in eharge with ἃ
holy priest and hegumen named Paul, whose mode of life was admired
by all. For God revealed secrets (o him, and enabled him to prophesy.
So Paul, when he looked upon the young man, was pleased. with him
and with his good conduct aud humility, and did not cease to nourish lin
with tho holy teachings. of the monks, and blessed lim by night and by
day. especially on seeing his modesty. Then Josepli was counted worthy
to be made a deaeon, and shortly afterwards to be ordained priest. by the
father, Abba Mark, the patriarch. As the liegumen Paul grew old, he Tell
siek of various diseases, and Joseph, the young saint, served him day and
night in hope and faith, in order to obtain his blessing. And the old man
laid his hand upon Joseph's head, iuvoking npon lin great blessings witliout
number, and, ou the approach of death, began to sav to this young man,
upon whom his spiri. rested ` ` Behold, Joseph, the Lord grants thee his
grace and his inheritanee that που. mayest inherit it». Afterwards. the

