--- Ἢ

[575] PT. Ε ΟΗ. XIX. JAMES, A. D. 819-830. 461
JG Les (97 £ «y Je | Da Vel JUS dors y cles aie pis
li» cv οἷν uo ὧν S6 ο ο ‏ܐܨ‎ 9 ο) Elo οὖν -- a
GUN AE μη G bell lo ‏ܐܠܘ‎ age €. At ie ad lil Lol
SU Gb LS 4x : 3 3 MOI 5 7 0 ERE
lia Jess Ae ‏ܢܒܝ‎ LS hs lil dee a Οὐ αἱ) ‏ܠܐܝܚ ܕܐܐܐ‎ ais
Sat ed. SM ue Ru os ο EDS ἀδ te, Ga ‏ܡܳܨ ܠܐܨܢ‎
Le be ο ΑἹ ui 4 0 Gb Li DU Gad due ο pol ‏ܐܨ‎
‎cs ‏ܐ‎ dl ‏ܕܐܢܘ‎ SA out PUn. dil ‏ܐܘ‎ «ία he di cU ‏ܣܢܰܘ‎
‎ds Bat ‏ܕܐܘ ܐܣܐ‎ ὧδ ‏ܐܨ ܘܰܘ‎ ame ολλ ES MONS EEUU Lie
Jed es ὁ «ual Ys dés ‏ܐܬܐ‎ 3, οἱ ων cd Os ol Ge st UY. Lx
duel aai, Dé Je ‏ܬܬܐ‎ ess ‏ܐܨ ܐ ܐܢܐ‎ PP EU

. E om. to ias add. ‏ܢܝܬ‎ — 3. E om. lo oil, — 3. K add. aue. -—
^. E om. to dx, — 5. E om. lo Lie add. poil. — 6. E om. to $24 Nl. — 7. E

add. ‏ܐܘܬ‎ Af LE ο.

opened his eves and moved his hands and feet. 80. our father sail in ἃ loud
voice to Macarius, the father of the child, as the Lord Christ said to the
ruler of the synagogue : « Thy son is not dead, bat was asleep ». And when
the magistrate saw this great miracle, he was struck with profound awe of
the patriarch, and glorified God, who works wonders among his saints. And
at that hour the magistrate increased in his almsgiving and doing good;
and his alms flowed from his hands like a running and overllowing river,
and he gave a third of his wealth io the widows and orphaus, and clothed
them with garments, and did all that it was right to do. And a report of
these things reaclied the city of Jerusalem, whither Macarius the magistrate
sent, and built a church there, which is now to this day the place of refuge
of the orthodox, and of those who make pilgrimages to that city, in order to
pray there. — Macarius built this church as a monument of himself for ever;
and it is called the church of the Magdalene. "Therefore God blessed the
work of his hands, and doubled his wealth, as he did to the holy Job.
Moreover it was God's will to show this man a great and wonderful mystery
for his abundant faith and charity, that God might give him the hope of
eternal life. And on a certain das Macarius took an oath that he would
carry out two resolutions, namely that he would never repulse any one who
begged of him, nor shut his door in the face of auy oue.

Hear now what happened to him! — He used to put faith and hope in the
