458 IHSTORY OF THE PATRIARCIItS. 1572]
(| ‏ܨܠܐ ܐܨܥܼܐܝ‎ mm οἱ Ge ‏ܐܘ ¥ ܚܵ‎ JE ζ EN CG ο) Ἡ ο}!
‏ܝܐ‎ Cie Vs de has dsl οἱ ds 4 ue, ο Jess ‏ܨܢ ܐܠܓܘ‎ ud
SAN Es ἃ Uh bue or ei A οἱ ‏ܐܚܝ ܐܚܨ‎ LS SUL Jus olus
pen dé SU 2 de QU - le GGG Αλ...
ok qe B - δ < lus 5 vie d ail SX ‏ܐܐܨܚܕܐܨܢܐ ܘܢܡܕ‎
UB Cm als y, LE ¥ dej ‏ܟܬܐ‎ οἱ ah b ἂν cul 26e 3 Jus
Dé, ἀρῶν 3 3 : ce die -: £: ru Ae ML ‏ܐܒܘ‎ M
Qa bees dé D xh Le RÀ GG ΟἹ ud LS LE e cu, dX.
cet ‏ܢܝ‎ MS ‏ܐܒܐܟ‎ uus ὁ asias reum Le He ‏ܐܢܝܡܐ‎ ld, LG Elo

1. E om. to 2,4. — 2. E om. to is add. X232. oes. — 3. DF om. with f. wd.

ܐ

the magistrate of Nebrüwah, having heard of this threat. wrote a letter 1o
the patriarch, saying : « Thou canst not avoid consenting to an interview
with this man; for otherwise he will destroy the churches and kill the
people ». Macarius also swore to Abba James, saving : > I will give all my
money for thee, that thon mavest suffer no distress ». Thereupon the
patriareh repeated the words of the prophet Isaias : « My life is not precious
io me. but belongs to God; therefore let the Lord see to my salvation, for
| trnst in. him, and fear not what men can do to me! »., 5o he went out to
meet Abd al-Aziz. And there was with them ἃ priest, who loved God,
named. Joseph, of the chnreh of Saint Maearius; and this priest was counted
worthy. to sit upon the apostolie throne; and we shall record his virtues
in this history. So while the patriareh was ou the wav, after he had finished
his prayers, he said to the priest Joseph : « | trust in God, my son, that this
man will not see us, nor we see him alive ». And when morning came, a
stone from the wall fell upon Abd al-Aziz, aud his eves were struck out of
his lace, and the top of his seull was fractured, and so lie died.  Thus ou him
was fnllilled the word of the prophet Zacharias? : « He purposed evil, but
did not attain. to the performance of it ». And he was extricated. from the
stoues; and whon his companions saw this, they carried his body away, 1
buried it in one of the hanmlets..— And they stopped their noses for the odour
of him and the stench of his corpse. And when the news eame to the

Ds ταν 125 Ps. ivi, 12: 0 ‏:ܒ‎ iv. cxvir: 3:6 Ain 6. 2. Zach.

vir, I0; viri, 17; Job. v. 12; Ps. xxxii, 10 Sepl. NANI.

