^52 HISTORY OF ΤΗΕ PATRIARCIIS. 1566]
lis ‏ܠ‎ ἕως» ab SU Ys es 18) SE Ge - 0 5
be Gem Dos e dll ag GG ρας GA OUI RSS De ‏ܝܕܘ‎
‎£ ἀλλ c © ‏ܣ‎ s 9 : LUS cs ux des οἱ Δ᾽ UE 9
et hi at es Ca, re cr οἱ Al LAN des ος) Lis be po
Pool Mes Le ‏ܠܐܨܚܐܢ‎ US ble «56 Οἱ» tome vie ‏ܐܣܘܝܘ‎ DIE US
dé du paie 167 «Us Db - 5 e
δν οἱ Eu QJ uum D oM SUE GAL poil Les ο.
ο κ ο μα ον να»
SA et οὗ ‏ܐܦ‎ bee Tu aux Ve ‏ܐܝܕܐ‎ des 6 Bb) AM
ο Just JUS ο Mlle poule λα ΑΥἹ JS ‏ܕܒܐ‎

1 DFG | c E om. to - — 2. BE ie. — 8. E om. to = add. - Ki

AA ‏ܦܬ‎ uis E ms ‏ܥ‎ dao oot Fs. — ἧς DF om. with f. wd. — 5. E om.
7 E

ques cU. — 11, E om.

‎D‏ ܐ

‎—6. E om. to, οὐ. — 7. E iu e "mi e? Lo) Ms — 8. Eom. to (alt,
— 9. F om. with f. wd. — 10. AD » 3, BEG 345, F E

‎to ex

‎his own house, and did not beg for absolution from the holy father, nor
did he repeut. Aud a fever, aecompanied by shivering fils, attacked him;
so that they had {ο hold him on account of the violent convulsions whieh
seized him; and he died on that very αγ. When ihe patriarch was informed,
he lamented deeply, and prayed God to absolve the soul of the deacon
George from the bonds of excommunication with whieli he was bound, and
to absolve him also from sin. Απά from the day on which that deacon died,
death and dissolution visited al his houschold, and none of them has
remained to this day. — Therefore when the multitude saw this wonder, and
uat the word of Abba James had authority like that ol the apostles, they
were awestruck, and trembled with lear; and none dared to rebuke him, for
he was among them as a prophet.

‎On the approach of the Forty Days, the holy fast, the father. resolved. to
visit the desert of Saint Macarius, that he might 196 and console the
brethren aud monks, and remain among them till the feast of holy Easter, as
the custom of the patriarchis was. When he reached the desert, the inonks
rejoiced, and met him. erving : « Blessed is he that eometh iu the name of
the Lord ».. Aud all the fathers and seniors eume from their caves and from
