"00 IliSTORY OF THE PATRIARCIIS. (574:
a 36 ‏ܒ‎ νῷ Je ue ie ‏ܨܢ‎ eel ule ‏ܐܠܨܢ‎ Lt οὐ dla Ge ‏ܚܕ‎
‎AN DX Me βου Bus Ge ± 5 lé uS xo JR 6 gs
SA Des
ss ‏ܚܝܢ‎ à ^e Ji. «ll ‏ܒܝ‎ T3 ol co NY TEN $5 M
at ( Los fs DU ass ave ae 4 τοϑ KS Jh «Jah as MS ‏ܐ ܫ‎
DU. QqeXb due! Be Ut aus ‏)ܠܫܒܘ‎ sie QG ‏ܠܐܝܚ‎ My GA age ‏ܐ‎
‎gu ο ill Lis Ji ‏ܝܐ‎ Je GLEN HG 8 ‏܀ ܐܨ‎ ο.
dui set ο) να») JUS mue Got οὗ due Gel LEE EM JS ac
δι» ‏ܘܫܟܐܨ‎ qui pos ac L JE ‏ܕܸܒܨ̈»‎ οἱ ο mn de es «JE dll
La ζω ai nau Ce Quel is ‏ܐܠܨܘ‎ Jill Lie Gl aam ον Rub parle

1. E om. to X. — 2, E om. to M. — 3. ABG om. to SE — 4. E om.
to 565 add, αἱ JB, ht CNE — 5. E om. to at add. NI sat, --- 6. E

om. to La add. als ut ‏ܟܟ‎ LA ak
0 < ‏ܝܝ ܒܩ ܨ‎ À

c

that the sanctuary of Saint Sinuthius was not large enough to contain the
congregation of the monks; and therefore he rebuilt the church: which is

named after Saint Macarius, and which is the sanctuary of Benjamin.  Forit .

was in a state of decay, but Abba James adorned it with every kind of
ornament, and, when it was completed, he conseerated it on tlie first day
of Barmüdah. And this edilice became a monument ‘tu ilie patriarch, and
a glory to the Lord.

Now Macarins of Nehrüwah, the magistrate, desired to see the father
patriareh and eongratulate him in his own dwelling, and therefore came to
his house. Δ son had been born 1o Macarius, in whom he took delight;
and he remained with the patriarch, and gave large alins, aud did works of
charity. And it was God's purpose to glorify the patriarch on this occasion;
and so he manifested the following miracle. For alter a few days the child
fell siek and died. Then his father took 0 faith, and brought him to the
patriarch's cell, like the ruler of the synagogue, whose daughter 9
raised. And the magistrate said to the pairiareh : « Help thx servant, for
my son is dving ». The patriareh replied : « Bring him to me ». So he
brought the child, and tlie patriarch received him, and made the sign of the
Cross on his breast and heart and forehead, saying τα O Lord Jesus Christ,
who givest life and. bestowest wrace from thysell, restare this infant to life
for his father ον Thereupon the breath of life returned to the child, and he

