[565] PT. I. CIL NIX. JAMES, A. D. 819-830. 451
‏ܐܨ‎ do ‏ܢ ,2792 ܕܐܚ‎ GA i$ 3» ‏ܠܝ‎ DB οὐδ al AS Cole
0. LL ‏ܓ‎ ον 7 Les οἱ Ge 3 E gl L ον

8
‏ܕܟ‎ BUS QU a ο JE ‏ܨܒ‎ ds ΚΣ ἡ ος SUE las

Jas) el cus ‏ܐ‎ οὐ Ji D ‏ܦܠܐ‎ Les ‏ܐܨܘ‎ ΘΝ οὔ Pas
πρ ο LS eR a den ‏ܐܚܝܥܘ‎ νο ο Le Dés cunda
LU fua ο CM Le ge AG ‏ܫܝ ܐܬܐ‎ ± C οό
4 Pee Lu uum iom Ὁ» RUE A Ton Yl pub cue LS ‏ܐܛܘ‎ cos
OY go ο Y ‏ܐܘ‎ JG oS $05 ὦ ‏ܣ‎ 1061 LM DVI ΨΩ ‏ܦܬܐ‎
‎MAR Cp plis ce o ux ee la QU QUI Le ο des Jex

1. E om. lo 7 — 2 A SS ® F om. to ‏ܫܒ‎ — 3. K om. = 65
dé Fom. — 5. DEF om. ‏ܠ‎ — 6. E 8 2 E c — 8. Ε Li,
— 9. K lit le ds e eb) NT ao. 10. E om. to sos.

when he heard that Abba James had been enihroned, rejotced wreatly, and
glorifted God who chooses his elect, and increased in almsgiving and in
charity towards his brethren, and sent to Alexandria what was needed by
the ehurehes, on the ground that he was a kinsman of the patriarch. And
Macarius honoured. the hishops and respected them.

But famine and plunder began to reappear at Alexandria; and the
patriarch. could not find that which he was wont to give to the churches, for
nothing was left to him. And the visits of the faithful from all parts to
the church of the martyr Saint Mennas at Marvül were interrupted; aud
with iiem the patriareh used Lo trade. The cause of all this was the war
and fighting that took place between the Egvptians and the Madlajites and
Spauiards; and the scene of these disturbances was at Alexandria. And
there was a deacon, named George, who was one of the ehtef of ihe clergy
of Alexandria, aud superintendent of the chureh of Alexandria. — But he
began to speak against this father, Abba James, aud even said to him :
€ Thou shalt give us what we need according io enstom, or else go baek to
the desert whenee thon camest »..— When the father patriareh heard this
rebel speak thus, aud perceived. that he stood in no awe of ilie patriarehal
dignitv, but increased in his insolence, he said to him : « Honceforth thy
foot shall never again enter through this door into this chamber ». And
the deacon went out in great wraih from liis presence, and departed to
