464 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCIIS. [578]
pal Le ὁ sen Y ΔΝ o6 orn Suoy LI je ὁ Cue Yl i. soy De
do Les Ad Le ‏ܐܟܝ‎ uim ‏ܐܒܨ‎ des pa Y JE uds JE LS GUY Y.
gen DS él g SUME dal uel Le ‏ܐܒܢ ܕܠ‎ J$ ‏ܝ‎ 9) dez Lu dj
J Ji LAS ‏ܡܙ ܝܐ‎ cuna d! LE dé κ Ge St ‏ܐܘ‎ ui, hal tob
ο eren ο ο ¥ Ub ll ο La est ο) Ra
À lbs qd à ge és ‏ܚ‎ ὦ Pl ὁ co Y qui οὐ Le uie
Lm φάτο κα ο UE Ds αι δ Des ux
ὦ ‏ܕܐܚܝܝܕܐ‎ iode Vul Ge Eat ile dL, οὗ ῷ cut ‏ܐܚܐܟܢ‎ Ὁ ο)
μμ μπα αρ ERE" ΟΥ̓ le <
ESTE EN ον θὲ EE τ ἔλθ ὦ
‏ܐܝܘ‎ a Ju ας ‏ܐܘ‎ GARE Οἱ μία JS ae μὲ Lai 03e le οἱ

1. F pref, — 2. Fab. — 3. Ες uie Sa. — 4. ABDG om. — 5. ABDEG
0 -
Seco ANT

our only purpose in relating these incidents in the life of Macarius, the
magistrate, was to show the value of the orthodox laitv, since God does
not desert them in this world nor in the world to come. As Paul the
apostle says ' : « Cease not to do good, so that thou mayest reap what thou
hast sown. As long therefore as our time lasts, let us do good to all men,
especially to our bretliren, the people of faith ». Again he exhorted
Timothy, his sou, saying to him more concerning the doing of good to the
faithful. For he writes? thus to him : « Charge the rich of this world that
their hearts be not proud, and that they set not their hope and trust on
the rich, for there is no profit in riches; but let their trust be in God, who
gives us all things richlv; and let our actions be good, and let our riches
be in laudable works, that we mar be upright aud loving, so that we may
have a firm foundation in the time to come, and may lay hold on the true
life».  l'herefore accept my exeuse, and hear from me the remaining deeds
of this holy and inspired father, who was a prophet, and to whom God
granted the gift of seeing hidden things from afar.

When God remenibered the siek land of Egypt, that he might make wars
lo cease therein, he revealed the matter to the holy father, that it was near
and not far off. So Abba James, as he had learnt that his archdeacou was

1. ® si. t, 10, — 2. 1 Tim.. vi, 17, 18, 19.
