[601] PT. ` NX. JOSEPH, A. D. 830-840. 487
TEMERE ist ολ ‏ܐܢ ܕܐܨ‎ JS TS
ὁ pes LE μὴν CHU LS ο. LE ὁ 92) bel Οἱ E JS ο
ee ‏ܐܚܝܘܐ‎ Xo μὰς Gil 06 hal du lue GR mate oeil
C pd od ‏ܐ‎ God ‏ܐܦܐ‎ LE 46 SAN οἱ list ‏ܐܬ‎ de Φου
‏ܟܕ‎ Y ὁν da ‏ܕܝܐ‎ ὁ D LS AX. Ue μὲ Y pris S^ Dos
d dl jé ds de bis lU Ce lua ΟἹ ο Οἱ 55
liit GA Qnis ail end ‏ܐܨ‎ ae De QU id 5h fn
ai po ο) deal Ge adi XS Y Dur ‏ܐܦܐܨܐ ܐܘ ܐܨ‎ Ge τῷ Todd μος
c Ji SM 06 QU Ub SUL Όλο oeil ‏ܘܝܨ‎ de Y els ον di

1. ABG add. , 2,5. — 2. K ἀν» F om. with foll. wd. — 3. E om. (ἢ add. io».
— ^. E om. to lolo add. ‏.ܐ ܦܐܛܐ‎

Baslunurite Christians were severely ehastised, like the Israelites; so that at
last they even sold their own children to pay their taxes, because iliey
were greatly distressed. For they were tied io tlie mills and beaten, so
that they should work the mills like cattle. And their tormentor was a man
named Ghaith. So, alter long aud wearisome days, death put an end to
their sufferings.

But afterward the Bashmurites, seeing that they had no means of eseape,
aid at the same time that no troops eonld enter their country on account of
the abundanee. of marshes which it contained, and because none was
acquainted with the roads except themselves, began to rebel and to refuse
to pay ihe taxes. And ihey came io an agreement aud plotted toge-
ther over this matter. Now tho prince at that time was Abd Allah al-
Ma mün, son of IIárün ar-Rashid. When the state of Egypt and the
conduct of the conquerors and the overseers was reported to him, he sent
an army thither under the eommand of an Amir, named Al-Afshin. Then
this man slew the conspirators and rebels, from the castern parts of Egypt
unti] he reaehed the great city of Alexandria. 110 eveu wished to kill all
Ηιο inhabitants of Alexandria, since they had not fought, because thev
had allowed the enemy to enter their eity. But God prevented his doing
ilis on account of tlie tears of the faithful and the prayers. of the patriareli,
Abba Joseph. For Al-Afshin used even to put the iunocent to death for
