482 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCHS. [596]
ΙΙ Us ς Guess ΟἹ ΔΑΝ uae Qe GA Epl ον Gel JUS DES qe
Got ‏܀‎ qun αὐ ‏ܝܐܐ‎ bé Me Gt ‏ܐܨ ܩܐܨ ܟܠܐ ܐܚܨ ܐ ܝܢ ܩܢ‎
ὁ qe € ob nds gel UV ‏ܐܬܘ‎ LS CU cus ‏ܘܨ‎ pes
d M&S Got c ol LV but JUN ὁ οὐ du ¥ ‏ܦܨ‎ Xe
UB ds aus ‏ܘܟܝܨ‎ bi JE Le Yb URSS ‏ܐܕ‎ DU SEU. ces gm gd
ο 39 do uli lt of 038 κ ‏ܣ‎ 3 3
A Ga qum Ub ue Le ap^ Qe ων Gates e! ὁ bM ος
ο 57 9 ο ο
νο ο Polis le dn «us ο 296 οἷ
Qi ‏ܦܬܐ‎ We nes Ah ‏ܘܕܨ‎ de ‏ܐܚܪܝ‎ di 7551. οἱ 5 ‏ܚܥܒܨܐ‎
‎yb LB pe ft ge ‏ܘܒܨ ܘܦܢ‎ 9) Liga Ba Ge us JB ‏ܘܕܨ ܐ‎

1. E om. lo [sl add. ge — 2. A 00 - — 3. Mss. om. — 4. DEF
om. — 5. E om. 3 — 6. BEG ὁ».

refused, and would not authorize them to appoint Joseph, saying : « 1saae,
the son of Antony, of Misr, has sent to me, and promised me a thousaud
dinars, if he shall sit upou this throne. 06 if you have elected this
man, give me the same sum that Isaac lias promised me ». "Thus Abd
Allah prevented them from ordaining Joseph lor some days. But the
bishops continued to visit the governor's house, begging and imploring him
to give them his consent. Yet he refused, because he loved money. Theu
the bishops (rom the eastern provinces assembled, aud said to him : « We
are not under thy authority. 0 if thou wilt not grant our request,
we will go to Fuslät Misr and ‏ܠܓ‎ him there. » So when he saw their
lirmness, and understood that they would do what they said, he gave them
liis permission.

So they met together in the Chnreh of Mark the evangelist, as it is
eustomary, on. he 21st. day of llatür in (he year 547 οὐ the Martyrs.
Aud they reeited all the prayers in the sanetuary, and inaugurated the
elevation of Joseph to the rank of patriarch, blessing and glorilying God.

Now 1 desire in this place to record the life of that blessed. saint from
his youth, so that all who hear it may glorify God, before ἢ deseribe the end
of his consecration, and the tronbles whieh befell him, and which he
patiently endured. This holy man was of a good family of repute in the
vily of Upper Manûf, and his fathers were well kuown amoug tlie. ehief men
