1

162 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCIIS. [576]
20 Le si quie slot LS - 5 D 5 9 59 "
Ya HU eum Gil ea JUS ele LG AU ‏ܐܨ‎ su dsl τας
SUE Les ‏ܐܨ‎ VEN ETE RM UE M MU
Qe UU as GU Ji QJ O5 Qu ib ‏ܐܨ‎ Gru Ce Yrs s B ὁ ds
de Leod ‏ܢܵܐ ܚܨܐ‎ QUII Ue. ο pl Ji Gb ὁ οἱ» ‏ܐܕ‎ ΛΑ sie SY Ub
ο JU να ὦ 4 Xu et ΟΝ c eum 3 us QU  -
Qn ‏ܫܡܫܕ‎ ΡΝ ND LG ο Au ‏ܦܐܦܝܐ ܕܐ‎ A ‏ܝܐܝ‎ ie Li CM is L
Xe d J6 JU ile ἂν he JU ὁ nou ia des Ciel EAR Le al
el pi κ ο dat Ai cun. bts dti Qi nte ἢ κῶν

1. BEG om. with f. wd. add. ole! ef ἃ, ABDEG sb Ls.
‏ܫ‎

ܝ

intercession of Saint Theodore, who guided him in his conduct, and satisfied
his wants. Now under the caliphate of Hârûn ar-Rasbid the taxes which
Macarius had to pay were very heavy, because of his large fortune and
extensive possessions. So he left his home and went to the prince, in
order to pay what was due from him, and was away so long, that he spent
all the money that he had with him. For Maearius did not refrain from
almsgiving, and could not have an interview with the prince. — But there
came a day when Macarius was proeeeding to the prince's palace, and he
perceived on the way a large mansion, highly. adorned, which he had not
seen before tliat day. So Macarius said to his servants : « We have missed
our wav, for we have never seen this house on our road before to-day ».
And he became like a person bewildered or without his senses. Then he
heheld a shining personage, resembling one whom Macarius knew iu Egypt,
who came out of the house, and said to the official τ « O Macarius, many
days have passed since thou camest hither, and vet thou hast not visited
me». And the magistrale, in the presence of those who accompanied him,
answered his acquaintance, who approached and embraced him; and they
kissed one another. And the master of the house took the magistrate's
hand, and led him into the building through many. doors, and brought him
into ἃ chamber containing much money, which looked like kings' treasures,
and said to him : « Take all that thou needest for thy expenses, and when
thou shalt returü 10 thine own country thou shalt repay me. — Moreover to-
day | will aecomplish svbat thon requirest with the prince, and do all that

