[593] PT. 1, CH. XX. JOSEPH, A. D. 830-849. 479
Ub ἀν! eum Le ΚΟΥ, UE bg Con pi lem) ΝΕ lu
eS um oi ule. ΟἹ css μον ο) uS cusloxcy οἷν tas
Se ‏ܐܒܨ‎ ie cue συθ Je led ὅν cage uude des ‏ܨܢ‎ ase
edel ed am ie pauses Pus My Us aes Till BU & coe ‏ܝܐ‎
‎ou oU 55. al ule «us uw cm JS ‏ܡܝ‎ airs 3 ‏ܪ‎ T
ga coal ‏ܦܨ‎ ue dl Rus uan ‏ܐܡܼܝܘ‎ xm κό cu Lo Ji ‏ܛܢ‎ TU
djs Gé uel u$s x Les aol Ue ο) ail Reus is il oos
ἘΝ
JS αἰδῇ ΟἹ ous us δὲ μον ena) ὁ us 5 Les ‏ܓ‎  -
Lis Be que Ce κ pd ae LU es St XS cue ὁ οἱ) ti

1. AD al So BEG al si. — 9, E om. to ex. 96 add. bus ‏ܐܠܦܐ‎ 99. —

3. E om. to Fi] F om. to 4. — 4. DF om. E om. 9. — 5. E om. to 5 — 6. E
ou. — 7. E om. to e$, Lit add, Lots Le pt uso ὕκα ‏ܟܝܢ‎ Lu aout ‏ܦܟ‎
‎p ie) BOT ISUÁMI à gl SE CS ‏ܡܒ‎

done, the grace of God stirred within them, aud they called together a
synod concerning those two. And they procceded to Alexandria, as the
canon preseribes.  Ilaving subsequently verified the design of the Alexan-
drians, they said to tliem : « Where liave you left the fear of the Lord, since
you have broken the canons so far as to have recourse to a layman married
to a wife, in order to scat him upon the throne of Saint Mark the evangelist,
in opposition to eustom and to the canons? »  Tl'hereupon the people were
silent, knowing their fault, and uttered not a syllable in auswer to the
bishops. Then by the inspiration of God, who visits his people at all times,
and makes his face to shine? upon his heritage, mention was made of a
holy man, perfect in good works; and his name was confirmed in the assem-
bly by the dispensation of God's grace. This man was the shining lamp
Joseph, tlie. priest and superintendent of the church of Saint Macarius in
Wadi Habib. And when he was named, my heart rejoiced, and my tongue
sang praises.

Now 1 should desire to relate a little of his life and the works which he
did while he was a monk, ouly I fear to interrupt tlie deseription of the
events which took place at his enthronement. Yet will 1 relate those things
subsequently, that the hearts of those that hear the history of this holy

1. Num., vi, 25; Ps, axat, 17 (Sept. xxx), etc.
