468 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCIIS. [582]
AUS Gb (hg Le del pe Qi des pull Dot ‏ܘܕܨ‎ gt A Se Xs Y ὦ
‏!ܢܝ‎ Gel SUA ouis ‏ܢ‎ Ux, dé ‏ܝܐ‎ ge Use Οἱ de dy ul (et dum οἱ
SM οἱ ο ος un Le Lue e EL ‏ܘܕ‎ à Li UJ un £ - η
‏ܕܬܒ‎ LOU Les D ‏ܝܐ‎ Gel A. Jus uds ‏ܐܬܢ‎ Us Jui ‏ܠܐܦ‎
‎ὥκ La ἃς D AU us ‏܀ ܐܘܐܢܵܬܵܐ‎ ὦ cS (AE CAR Jess οἱ
M AM OUI ὁ Oo ste bostes Sa o! 09» 46 L ab t
` JS 5 - - ` ‏ܓ‎ 6 6 = PY - ‏ܝ‎
‎Mis ‏ܘܨ‎ Le Qus ο GUY Ge ble ‏ܐܥܝܐ ܘܵܨ ܨ‎ GA adl ou
gU LAE 8 ΟΥἹ ule 0 οἱ E cl ‏ܐܘ‎ in οἱ ls ue
s οἱ ο.) ge ο) μ δν RU que ὁ- 25 LS Mas Leu DC ϱ

LOABDEG «s eb ‏ܐܥ ܐܐ‎ Lab. — 2. E om. to 75 — 3. E om. to li add.
La Ls m m0 AS Jet DENT 5 δ! ‏ܟ‎ b. — 4. Mss. om. — 5. Mss.
Y. — 6. ( 5 — 7. A add. EN — 8. A ‏ܢܸܬܕܥܕܐ‎ BG lb, DF om. to
CNE. — 0, DEF Dis. - 10. E om. to | add. al,

deacon of our fatlier James, mentioned above, neglected the advice which he
had formerly given him, namely that he should not raise his eyes to any of
the things of this world, for he weni to certain villages and levied a rate upon
them, thinking that he would gain something for the Church thereby. For
he did not know that the prophecy of the father James would be aecomplis-
led; and therefore both the father aud the deacon fell into great sorrow
through the taxes which they were compelled to pay, when they had not the
means of paving ihem. And tlie blessed father repeated to that deacou the
words of Paul, the wise apostle, saying : « lt was not right for tliee, my
son, to make for tliyself an argument, but to obey what I enjoined 11100 to
do, in faith. and love of the Lord Christ. Hast thou not heard, my son,
what Paul said !, that those who desire to be rich lall into trials and errors
and foolish longings, which do not profit ai all, but east men into des-
truction and perdition? — For tlie root of all evil is the love of money, whieli
many have loved; and so they have gone astray from tho faith, and drawn
upon themselves great cares ». Thoreupon that deacon wept and begged
the patriarch to pardon his disobedience.

Now that Amir began to act harshlv towards the lather in demanding
taxes when he had nothing with whieh he could pay, as we related, through

1. 1 Tim. vi, 9, 10.
