[569] PT. |. CH. XIX. JAMES, A. D. 819-830. 455
‏ܢܘܐܐܝ‎ uM» Qr Ce οὐδ LE Aul VI Ent 939. US duct
33 7 ο) 7 : - ‏ܝ ( ܓܪ‎ MEN EN 5 ‏ܨ‎
‎les οἱ a ‏ܐܨ‎ Le ‏ܐܢ‎ Le Site CES URP se Lot
Sul ‏ܠ ܠ‎ ημών ον.
Ub ona omis M μα ο d. Ye να
DEN oie ο uus Cat ο ος lal let LL κ
«ΣΙ ‏ܐ‎ OU Due Cl ‏ܐܝܪܨ ܡܨ ܘܢ‎ des GUY ‏)ܬܐܨ ܕܢ‎ Is
Feb ο) slot oh JE ὁ ol at ὁ ‏ܠܐܘ‎ obe ‏ܠܥܐ‎ Gu ses.
Le DU fol et QU αυ ‏ܐܒܼܨ‎ ob ο
ὧς «5 ule Mél A - ‏ܠ‎ io lb GE ὁ ο) JV ον sit

LE 929. — 2. EF om. — 3. E om. with f. wd. — 4. F Lu. — 5. E om. to Klo,
add. ἐν ‏ܐܢܐܬ ܐܝܐ‎ US ‏ܬܶܢ‎ Lil. — 6. E om. to (zs. — 7. D Gl Le F
LUE I, Le. — 8. D add. Let 0 F add. 4 Cs. — 9. E Le. — 10. E

om. to «.}}} add. ix» 3232s.

27

and said : « Blessed is our father; the new Elias ». He remained among
them a few days, and then returned. But they continued to boast of his
deeds and excellent virtues.

And our father remembered the unity and charity and bonds between
himself and. Dionysius, patriarch of Antioeh, aud desired to see him either
by bodily presence with him or by interchange of letters. But he was
hindered in this by the wars, earried on in the land of Egypt aud on the
roads to Syria; for they lasted fourteen years. And he used to pray God
to confirm the love between the two glorious sees, the Alexandrian aud the
Antiochene; and lie implored God to join them together by personal inter-
course and bv letters. And God did not disregard tlie prayer of this father,
but granted it by allowing him to behold the father Dionysius in the body.
[will give you an account of this event, aud of the trouble and distress
that came upon the land of Egypt and upon the father James, the patriarch.

The Spaniards had possession of Alexandria, and Abd al-Aziz al-Jarawi
ruled over part of tho country. And the father was praying and weep-
ing over tlie devastation of the land and the long eontinuance of the
wars and fighting, and beeause the bodies of meu became food for the birds
uf the air, and because Al-Jarawi did uot cease to βίαν the people and take
their goods. — Al-Jarawi used to bury in the ground by night the money that
