[587] PT. 1. ΟΠ. XIN. JAMES, À. D. 819-830. 473
οὐ) od! blé Οἱ pet Vs - ‏ܠ‎ ο Ὁ} 9 ὦ» Yl uui
al ‏ܕܢ ܕܝ‎ XS ‏ܒܨ‎ hs Gale ‏ܦܨ ܝܨ‎ Goal CAL LE Οἱ ‏ܐܢܟ‎ osé
aus Que Je Gt à οἱ & JS ‏ܟܐܝܐ‎ Jul Due LI CV Be il ‏ܦܨ‎
‎(23 oes οἱ ‏ܝܣܡ‎ Le οἱ οἱ 9] aste su. QU dl 4 oUm. ils
“ uem és ‏ܝܨ‎ ὍΝ eG 5) Bis o es! 4 ab de ‏ܨܢ‎ ο)
ὁ οἱ ooo ` Saul οὔ 151 Ds ‏ܒ ܨ = ܝ‎ cou - us»
LY Od pull Ua) aene qs il
ο δ ΛΩΝ ‏ܐܕܨ ܐܢܝܕ‎ ECT MEE E ESERUI
gi qe ‏ܐܫܥ‎ Lud iz d JUS us ‏ܩܬ‎ “ρου
bel ‏ܫܘ‎ he iar ‏ܝܨ‎ len (Hi ΦΑΣῚ OY Ub qoos me nios d des

1. E om. to UN.

those wliom God chooses, but that Satan resists their advancement and
hinders their doing good. There are indeed men who say in their hearts :
« I we advanee so far as to receive this degree, that is on account of our
birth ». But it is not so, for it is the Lord of glory who chooses. And the
father Abba James said this before his death, that itis God who elects the mau
whom he will appoint; and although Satan tries to oppose him, it is God who
prevails.

10 was the eustom of this patriarch, when he purposed to appoint bishops,
to watch and fast strietly, so that God might reveal their deeds to him. He
used also to observe the anniversaries of tlie death of the fathers, from Mark
tlie evangelist to Mark, his own father in the Spirit. On such days he used
to keep festival in their honour, and put on his vestments, and celebrate the
Liturgy, whether he were in the city or in the monasteries, or in the villages,
to the glory of our Lord Christ, and in commemoration of his fathers.

Aud when God willed to give him rest from labour and translate him to the
lieavenly. mansions of the illuminated, the Lord appeared to him, seated on
a cloud of light, and accompanied by the twelve disciples, and said to him :
« Have courage, thou good servant, who hast made use of the talents of thy
Lord, and wained a profi. Now will 1 take tliee to myself, and give thee
rest from thy. labours: and thou shalt sit with tliy companions, who carried on
the warfare like thee, or thou hast become perfeet like them ». Now before
this marvellous vision, Zacharias, bishop of Tandá, had died: and the
urchdeacon, whom we have before mentioned, and of whom we said that he
