4254 WISTORY OF TUE PATRIARCIIS. [568]
ο dez 6.5 deY Lol ael om kot 2n 4 PU is ‏ܝ‎ lé
laa LA QU RAE UG c yn Pelé Lu 4, ‏ܝܐ‎ 1 ὧϑ "
& Lis UV mus der Y sh ὦ 2. CU SEL Os al Mas SUI
3 3 ο TU E ER ο. ο et
bols ‏܀‎ ΟΥἿ ste! MR Mo ‏ܕܐܝܐ‎ cuu nos ὦ ui &| οὖν Hé ico
= ες d ue ος τὺ Re ‏ܝܐ(‎ ὦ dedo, ‏ܝܬܝ‎ ὁ bee 8 ἀν él
rest Ce ‏ܕܐܟ‎ s εὐ las Οἱ οἱ 3 Dsl μον "E Lt οὐ
ait 3 τὰς οὐ λα ‏ܝ‎ Ati au δ oue Lui CN em og
duel oca lou, ‏ܠܐܨܢ‎ uuo M di ou, ‏ܐܠܐܘ‎ Gage ‏ܨܐ‎ oU Js
ox ny KES les EP NC Cul pie ee A Al oM 37 3 λα} MICI

ܝ

1. Fam 0 E omn do Se. — 3. FL ρῶς — 4 0 DF om.
with f. wd. —5. DF τ 1 — 6. E - — 7. E om. 5 — ‏ܒ(‎
‎9, E xt, — 10. € om. to um .— M. " om, lo 222x". — 12. E om. 0 ‏ܨ‎
‎13. Mss. ο 8. 14. E om. lo ao isis.

what he liked without taking advice. "This deacon puuished one of the
disciples by a severe beating lor something that he had done: and tlie blows
were so many that the disciple died. And this accident was caused by the
snares of the Enemy, the Devil. When therefore the Madlajites, the
proteetors of the monastery, heard of this crime, tliey seized the father
patriarch, and troubled him on account of the death of that person, and
demanded of him that he should deliver the deacon to them, that they miglit
put him lo death in retaliation for tlie munder. But the. father strove hard
to save the life of the deacon, whom he had brought up from his youth, and
had intented Lo promote to a higher degree among the clergv. Thereupon
the Madlajites, seeing: that the father was greally interested in that deacon,
and would not give him up to them, grew violent in their demand, aud
required a large sum of money. But the patriareli had nothing with which
to satislv them, aud therefore the bishops and the God-loving people assisted
him, aud contributed a sum of money, and so saved him from the hands of
that tribe.

Alter this the blessed father James departed Lo Upper Egvpt. to make a
visitation of Uie people aud the monasleries..— And whenever the people und
the monks eame out to meet him, they glorilied God, saving : « Blessed is
he that cometh iu the naue of the Lord ».. And they marvelled at his works,

