[577] PT. 1. CH. NIN. JAMES, A. D. 819-830. 463
JE 5 - cus © JU 5 A6 αὶ τῶν ὡς,  xe 059
Jet 3 QU ule Li ‏ܝ‎ 5 au DS ο) ‏ܝ‎ 3 ble DS (οὐδ
ὑπ dede ΑἹ bal ‏ܐܠܩܕ‎ Lin ail ‏ܘܛ‎ o UB Gt πο.
mem Ab ‏ܐܘ‎ JE SLE Qté ο. ο ο us adl DU,
JA SV «lebe ‏ܐܘ‎ pb ‏ܐܝܕܝ‎ le ὁ ὧν at és Ὁ per UIS, cils
RUE e ae QAÀR ei ‏܀ ܘܕܨ‎ Le 6 γα ‏܀ ܘܕܨ‎ I ie Gi
US Gi aol ‏ܐܨ‎ des αὐ ‏ܨܐ‎ e Sel ‏ܥܐ ܨܢ‎ ο) ‏ܩܐܘ‎ as | obs a Es
ΟἹ κε ‏ܨܚ ܦܬܐ‎ GL die Lis de E Quem duo [A Qoam d
ial LS e ss a! agé d cima JeY ‏(ܚܧܰܕܚܐܡ܂‎ suot bal aqui
dE Ms ‏ܝܨ‎ at x Gil OL UE ‏ܟܐܝܐ ܐܐܐܝ‎ e GU OS ο ο) JU syl,
ou és Lo UM Li GEM ous Ub OY i ER 25. UE OM aes

1. E om. to sl add. Nm QAM p QU vds 09 un LL,

is necessary for thee ». Accordingly the official, having received the money
from the house of that bright being who was conversing with him, went
out and handed it over to his servants, who had accompanied him and
were standing at the door. And the man mounted his horse, and rode off
in haste before the magistrate. So as soon as the latter approached the
palace, the courtiers began to call for him, saying : « Where is Macarius,
the Egyptian?» Then they took his hand and led him to the prince, who
addressed him, saying : « Ask for all that thou necdest and whatever thou
requirest, so that | may accomplish it for thee this day ». So the prince
brought to pass that which Macarius desired. But the shining personage,
who had accosted lim, after having conducted him through the palace, aud
brought him outside, disappeared from beside him. The magistrate, seeing
him no longer, supposed that he had returned to his own house, where the
two Iriends had first met oue another. — When, however, Macarius reached
the spot where the mansion had stood, he found no trace of it at all. The-
reupon the man gazed around, and lost his understanding for a moment.
But after a time he comprehended that his benefactor was the great martyr
Theodore, the commander of the troops, who had acted thus because Maca-
rius had a devotion for him. — Therefore Macarius glorified God and increa-
sed in charity and almsgiving and good works, and remained steadfast iu
this way of life until God removed him from this world.

Now let us proceed with the history of the patriareh. Abba James. For
