[585] PT. I. CH. XIX. JAMES, A. D. 819-830. 471
dà cU. Gul! ὁ del Se ὃν ‏ܚܐ‎ S ‏ܕܬܘ‎ lis UE ‏ܐܐܝ‎ ΤΩΣ ‏ܬܪܨܢ‎
‎30 ‏ܓ‎ d - ‏ܙ‎ Jet sie c Us Y OM Tg esrb En 9
‏)ܒ‎ ail be ‏ܘܕܨ ܩܡ ܐܢܝܟ‎ a ‏ܳܨ ܚܨܐ ܘܕܨ ܒܝܨ‎ ΟἹ ‏ܕܐܨ‎ Lila! le ‏ܘܕ‎
‏ܪܫܐ‎ SX ο με LI Wii Cu Les οἱ sa Yy Re Jub ‏ܐܐܝ ܨ‎
6 pus od Ces ele d pots uS oom
ὅσα quei Pee ψ ass ceti, ei Az audi ο) sey Tue ο ὦ
30 οἷ» «le < em 5 aua tibl et ls d Let ‏ܒ‎
‎433b «m e emos gu 8 ολ oue ou dis ue ὦ» pum ‏ܝ‎ AM
SUN Le Gl οὐ ο) Loge Ge Ge AS GA pull pos andi μὲ Jus

"

v val dé Sacs AR ail i mil due cils Usu bo «e Jess

1. Mss. 13,1. — 2. E om. to ages add. nl He in οὐ ως U ων — 3. ABG UE
— 4. E om. Lo nd. — 5. F om. to «zal add. ‏ܒܣ‎ Jeu. — 6. Dom. witl f. wd.

- 7. BG es. — S. E om. to LAT SJ! Ut, add, AMG, ‏ܐܬ‎ uds y uM 2 FEN NOR COS

shall be far from him ». And when that bishop drew near to his diocese,
he fell sick on the way; aud he died before he could see his diocese. 06
now will not fear these wonderful works, and glorify God, who shows
them forth. in this chosen one? But if we were to record a few out of the
many miracles and the noble struggles thal we have heard related of this
holy man, the account would be long. And we cannot explain such things,
because our darkened understanding is 100 weak to deal with them. Yet
we will relate what must be related, and describe the end of his couilict, for
the profit of those that listen, and as a blessing to them.

When Abba James proceeded to the eastern proviuces, to visit the
churches and the people, and came to a village called Bait Tashmat, they
brought to him a young man possessed by a devil, which had made hin:
dumb and deaf; and they begged the patriarch to lay his hand upon him.
Then the father took a little oil from the lamp which hung over the bones
of Saint Severus, ind anointed the youth therewith, making the sign of the
cross où his face and cars, and saying : « In the name of the Lord Jesus
Christ, who delivered his ereatures from the service of Satan, may this
young man be liealed, and may the bonds of Satan be loosed from him! »
And the young man was healed on the spot, and his mouth and ears were
opened, and he both spoke and heard; aud all that saw him marvelled,
