[579] PT. I. CH. XIX. JAMES, A. D. 819-830. 465
Ves om ώς Eu s GE yes DA οἱ ouis. wm dw «2 3 4 Ji. cos
οι ο al LL ‏ܝܟܐ‎ Us λα ον
ὁ CAE GG QUE a qe ut ‏ܐܨ‎ ὅς Xu ‏ܨ‎ QU ὦ» ‏ܐܒܢ‎ Ge qu ‏ܐ‎
‎«δὴ eel ous LI edel ‏̄ܘ ܠܐܝܐ ܐܠܨܨ‎ ace AS ας
4 JA Le ‏܀‎ J6 Sb ‏ܚܢ‎ gone ον ὁ ‏ܐܠܘ‎ Ra ϱὖδ Qo ce Sl οὐ
vele JS ὦ 5  - ον μ (oa Go à lon 5
‏ܐܘ ܐܝܕ‎ cand m Gul au fé Louve Gil οσο) xd ‏ܐ‎ Usb
A οἱ «Ks ϱ 3 ES Die 9 qa spi Ul ue ui OY Pass
03 3 Uu ale Suns de ‏ܓ‎ οἱ - 5  - 3 «ΛΑ Sy! Juil

1. E om. to LS. — 3. E om. with 2 f. wds. — 3. E om. lo pe . Les add.
00 ‏ܢ‎ ΟἹ amem jun pes ‏ܐܨ‎ £899 ait ‏ܩܬ‎ 223

c ‏ܐ‎ ὁ
‏ܶܢ ܥܨ ܐܨܨ‎

acting against his will in eertain matters, called him and said to him : > My
son, à governor will come soon to the land of Egypt, and rule over Misr
and her chiefs and over Alexandria and all her province. — Therefore when
we come to Alexandria with the peace of God, beware of listening to any
man, or of raising thine eve to anvthing that belongs to this world. For
in that case thou wilt sin against the works of God, and we shall be
abased before the heretical tribe, which God has abased before us with
their wicked leader. Know then that if thou shalt neglect my advice,
the Church of God will fall into great trials ». Shortly after he had said
this, there came to Egvpt from the prince of the Muslims an Amir, named
Abd Allah son of Tàhir, who was a good and merciful man in his reli-
gion, and loved justice and haied tyranny. — Therefore God subdued all
rebels under liim, and humbled before him the tribe of the Spaniards who
were at Alexandria. And he remained some days in Egypt until publie
alTairs were settled.

Now let us return to the story of Abha James and his relations with
Dionysius, patriareh of Antioch. Abba James had been unable to send a
synodieal letter on account of the wars in Egypt and the East. In this way
the father patriareh Dionysius, since he was hearing of the works of the
father patriareh Alba James, desired to salute him, while he was still in
the body. Thorefore when this Amir, on his way to Egypt, made an agree-
