480 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCIIS. [594!
< GS - : 03 0 CILE ο. σὲ ο ος GS ea
Dit eh Lis doll UE ΚΣ xf Rat ons MAG uia Ul ON
Ud Gun. ‏ܢܝܘ‎ QU ae Ub SUN As dr (Ux Qt 56 ο) Ka V6
QU I Xx cum ay GU mass eno QE Que lis Salt at ‏ܨ‎ lobes
NUS LE x UE ‏ܨ‎ A pre ο ls eu a be Aie ‏ܐܕܬ‎ Cite
QE ‏ܘܰܐܚܵܐ‎ all ‏ܐܠܘ ܦܬܐ‎ ολο] 4 &! na p Os LL ο) UE 2$ ubl ὁ
be 4358 Joe Jess pe pes ph ame US YR ‏(ܢܰܫܝܽܘܚܺܐܚܽ ܕܐܟܐܕܨ‎ List Lu
‏ܐܝܚ‎ 4 Mus ‏ܐܒܝܬܝ £ ܫ‎ All lo ον al ος IP ‏ܢܝ̈ܢ‎ dels ‏ܟܝܐ ܕܐ‎ us
Je vit des 3 ‏ܠ‎ AX ‏ܓ‎ οἱ lu ο ο
‏ܐܝܬ ܕܐܥܐܝܕܹܐ (ܐܚܨܐ ܐܨ ܠܐܬܫܰܬܰܚܬ ܠܢܰܘ‎ bee e be ge Qt ‏ܐܨܨ‎ Le cos
ο ¥! ‏ܝܕܨ‎ ds ‏ܘܨ ܦܟ‎ te QU bee SU ae pe 6

1. ABEG Ale. — 9. Mss. Us. — 3. E om. to ‏ܒ‎ add. ‏ܬ‎ — 4. ABG om. — 5. E
om. to aa add. Lot,

man may rejoive. ‏ܣ(‎ the assembly, together with the bishops and
clergy, had accepted him, because they knew him when he was a lamp to
ihe father, Abba Mark, then they sent some of the bishops and Alexan-
drian clergy tà the Wädi. And while they were on the journey, they said
thus : « IF the. Lord approves tlie appointment of this person, we shall find
the door of his cell open ». So when they reached the monastery on the
morrow, and presented themselves at the door of his cell, they found him
standing there, lor he had eome out to shut the door after his sons, who
had gone to draw water. Upon this they marvelled, and looked one at
another, saving : « What we said on the way is lnlfilled. The Lord has
made our journey easy ; and we believe that God has chosen this holy man, »

When this blessed one, steadfast in purity and humility, saw the visi-
tors, he made obeisance. before them, and saluted them, and at once con-
ducted them into his cell. As soon as they were within his chamber, they
laid hands upon him, and put the iron fetters over his leet, and said to him;
« Thon art indeed worthy of tlie. patriarchal office > But he began lo
weep prefuselv. saying : « Wliat is the use of an incompetent man, who
lakes upou him this heavy voke?» Ου hearing these words, they consoled
hin and pacifñed him. And they assembled in the chureh, and partook
of the Holy. Mysteries; for it was the least of the Angel Michael, the 12th.
el Hatur.  Aud Joseph received the benediction of the holy fatliers, and
