[597] PT. I. CH. XX. JOSEPH, A. D. 830-849. 483
‏ܠܘ ܡܢ ܚܨ‎ ET RN E MM EN EE Le ο) Ca
sac 0 «cm Qu ul on Dy oral AN εδ Qno Qm qux al
CX Arb ce seu s ps po ‏ܦܨ ܘܳܐ ܐܢܐ‎ JB μὰ ὁ ΚΟ ub τὰ,
= ( euh ds dés 9 - ο : A ‏ܝ‎ UE ab μὲ
Ru ὁ cus X gx Qe ‏ܐܢܒ‎ «3 L ‏ܐܘ‎ Js XXn xr JE ο) A ὁ ‏ܐܘ‎
‎A bb gau ὦ» ο FU Ulis ue onc Y, GE Pi ue ois
de La d'u Si (t$ ‏ܐܘ‎ LS 5, Ul dl CU UE ΚΟΥ ius
Lol Je ‏ܐܝܟ‎ Sal
SOLS des LH αἱ ὦ Το es Ut ο) ERE EET
wii 26 τὸ ‏ܠܘ ܢܫܘ ܕܠܐ ܐܢܩܘ ܐܢܐ‎ Res osé SU A LUN ad) ὧς

1. 3 58 — 2. Mss. om. — 3. E om. to cos — 4. E sil ‏ܨ‎ — 5. E om. to
iJ. — 6. E add. UJ. — 7. ABEG 3 ‏ܠ‎ οὐ JS J. — s. ABDG

om. E om. with foll. wd. — 9. E om. to 3x, — 10. Mss. om.

of Egypt. When his parents were dead and the saint was left an orphan,
an official, named Theodore, who had the rank of metwalli in Egypt, and
was a native of Nakyüs, saw Joseph im this condition, and took him to
himself, that he might make him his son for the love of Christ, and on
account of his honourable kindred. So the child remained with that
magistrate a long time. Then Joseph thought within himself : « Behold,
1 am. now an orphan; therefore there is nothing better for me than the holy
desert which is a place of refuge for orphaus ». So he went to the chiel
in whose house he lived, and who had brought him up, and begged him
humbly for permission to depart to the holy desert. But Theodore replied :
« 0 my son, thon art of an excellent family, and hast been brought up in
the midst of wealth. Thou wouldst therefore be overcome hy weariness in
the desert, and couldst not endure its hardships. » Thus Theodore would
not allow him to depart thither, but sent him to the city of Alexandria to
the father patriarch, Abba Mark, to whom tlie magistrate wrote a letter, in
which he recounted the history of Joseph's life, and confided him to the
patriarch as a pledgo.

So the holy Mark rejoiced over him, and put him under the care of a
deacon, who had charge of the sons of the Cell at that time and was a
learned man, that he might teach the youth to write in the Greek language.
Aud God's assistance was with Joseph, and did not allow him to forget
