456 IHSTORY OF THE PATRIARCIIS. 1570]
: pe Jos ` Bee LS 4 6 Ge NE
QUID Débats AN Las Jet ΙΡ dial i
‏ܚܐ ܐܵܕܹܐ‎ Vs AU ue osos! cul ὦ A Jun lie de albas aus
(e x QR qui cem A3 55 dl ΩΣ 4) ‏ܒ‎ o Ke e ei
US plat mots aus Le οὐ ὁ ‏ܐܝ‎ eel TUE ‏ܛܢ‎ ces at des
τοῖν > = lie OU - lis - pole dé uei Pois Does dà
on SEM obs Ge Lou ‏ܐܨ‎ Gus Gi ‏ܕܐܨ‎ a ‏ܕܐܥܥܬ̄‎ Jus
ial) ρα) νῦν 39 (5 Gal Lt - 5 - LE
pi Lou LE Ve es Go PUE Les us zt Ce Die PIS Les

1. DF om. to ‏ܝܝ‎ E om. lo lis ἰὸν add. eu AF ab ‏ܒܨ‎ Ποὺ ἃ...
2. DF om, to ‏ܐ‎ — 3. E om. to ERE add. i5, & CAU. — 4. E add.

aem WE ‏ܣ‎ χορ EL — ὅν E add. LA — 6. E om. to SY add. e ὦν

SUMA

ὁ
‏ܒܢ‎

ܝ
ܢܟܝ ‎os BON‏ ܐܬ ‎αμ κ‏ ܘܬܘ ܕܬ )ܚ

he had seized ; and when he had buried it, lie Killed the men who had helped
him to bury it, so that none might be left, who knew where his buried

' were fulfilled,

treasures lay, ο in him the words of the prophet Michacax
where he says : «These are they that meditate evil and wickedness; for they
raise their hands to this, and take fields, aud oppress orphans, and seize a
man and his house and his heritage. /— Therefore, saith the Lord, I will bring
evil upon their tribes, and what tliey purpose shall not be accomplished ».
For the judgment of God, the high and mighty One, came upon this man in
the following wav. le had colleeted the wheat from the whole of Egypt,
and stored it in the granaries whieh were under his own authority, sayiug :
« 1 will cause à dearth throughout. Egypt, and gather in their money, as
Joseph's Pharao did, so that all my adversaries will submit to me. » And
he dil this, and there came a great dearth, so that wheat reached. the price
of a dinar lor one waibah. And he refused to send wheat to Alexandria,
aiming at the destruction of the Spaniards, who had taken possession of the
city. So a waibah of wheat. was sold at Mexaudria for two dinars and
one dirhem; aud the people in the land of Egypt found nothing to buy, and
therefore thex perished, especially. at Alexandria. Then that proud. man
heard that the people had pecished, and he opened his mouth and said a word,

I. Miel, αν 1,23.

