[571] PT. I. 011 XIN. JAMES, A. D. 819-830. 457
bus Οἱ pet Ὁ ad μὰ ‏ܕܐ‎ LUS JE, ‏ܟܝ‎ prés Ke 45 Ut ‏ܐܐܝ ܐܢܢ‎ o
es do ‏ܐܨܨ‎ Ad Ji JG ‏ܐܘ‎ gl pot D «λε JG Lux Sas quil
QU 5 Ge ae Le Gi agr Qi pes ‏ܝ‎ este all,
‏ܐܨ‎ ον bu Get JR ‏ܐܝܬܥ ܛܬ‎ UE eras uu. ΟὟ HG ‏ܕܬܘ‎ al ρῶν
Lis ele i ‏ܟ ܳܐ ܢܺܝ‎ κα να ο...
AL ‏ܠ‎ «άν Li οὐ SA. ΟἹ ον) Gel pad Sault ολων»
298 Ge po OÙ dé 5 CLR ee OÙ £ d ih x Aul ΟὟ 0
ορ SU ‏ܐܠܨ‎ CES μμ ‏ܐܪܓ‎ ae Lone Sij ‏ܠܘ‎ Tos JE dz ‏ܠܐܝܐ‎ LU
SLA LL à las ‏ܐܨ ܢܘܢ‎ Dés dis £} 9 SUN ¬ ei ‏ܐܐ ܐ‎ ls
EA ‏ܗ‎ SN à ‏ܝ‎ ϱ OÙ τὸν dé à ‏ܐܚܐ ܢܬ‎ dés al ‏ܢ‎ ΟἹ JB

1. ABOG une ‏ܙ‎ E - fs — 2. E al "til ον). — 3. ABG
om. — 4. E om. to ‏ܥ‎ add. jet ses Li,

which God did not say : « I wil! make them sell wheat at a kadah for a
dinar». But in him the words of the prophet Nahum' were fulfilled, where
he says : « God declares : To me belongs vengeance upon my lue, and 1 will
destroy my adversaries and my enemies swiftly ». For the Lord pitied the
sighs of men, and the dearth which he beheld, and the condition of the
people, and took vengeance on that man Abd al-Aziz, as we will now relate.
For lie departed. with his army to Alexandria, to fight the Spaniards; and
they fled from him within the walls, and shut the gates. And tlie blockade
lasted until they were driven by hunger to devour the flesh of their horses.
Meanwhile Abd al-Aziz was beating upon the walls with catapults, in order
to demolish them; and it was his intention te destroy all the inhabitants of
Alexandria with the sword. At the same time he was in pursuit of the
patriarch, to whom he had sent a message, in order to intercede [or a
certain person, and to request tlie patriareh to make that person a bishop.
But the patriarch refused to break the canon of the ehureh. — Nevertheless
the pious Maearius, seeing how angry Abd al-Aziz al-Jarawi was, wrote to
the father patriarch, and begged him to ordain that person bishop; and tlie
patriarch consented to do so. Still Al-Jarawi was eager in pursuit of the
patriarch, and declared that he would demolish tlie churches and slav the
bishops everywhere, if the patriareh would not meet him. Then Macarius,

I. Nah., i, 2. CF. Deut., xxxu, 35, 41. 43; Ps. xciv, 1 (Sept. xcii ; Bom., \ (1, 1
1980: x. 30.
