[583] PT. I. CH. XIX. JAMES, A. D. 819-830. 469
3132 43 ‏ܥ‎ Cus - ( 0 ‏ܝ‎ EI Le - νο
lum) us Go ο d Mee ud οὐδ ‏ܐܚܨ‎ ge Dh Gel GA ‏ܐܐܘ‎
‎ITE de ὦ ῷ δα οἱ Len tomel μὴ ous ‏ܘܳܐ‎ ὁ dl lé
au ep ‏ܚܝ‎ LI LUI S. CIE Le ali Ca, SYL Le QU!
ce dye ede Jj set πο... [x9 2$
«x Qum οἱ Gi Kb ο κ umm AS MI Ges
£ 5 ‏ܠ‎ Gaes JU 2 JU. ‏ܐ ܒ‎ hel οὐ! A 1 PE
33 ( oos GAY as 3 5 ‏ܒ‎ as ecl 3 ὁ- 45 6 ds
TTE EUR Ke cu, ds ide ὧν
c JUR ums Ji bi οἱ de © YA Δ ΩΣ 7 ‏ܦ ܓ(‎ 5
SOUS Yi 1 ‏ܠ ܠ‎ ule (όλο des Ce Qi - ¦ ο ‏ܨ‎

` ` pl. —2. DF om. —3. E om. 37 add. λα; ‏ܝ‎ ον ‏ܨ‎ à

the poverty ol the Church, arising from the interruption of the pilgrinages
to the church of Saint Mennas, tlie Martyr, in consequence of the continual
wars. When Abba James found no means of paying the taxes, he brought
forth the vessels of the church, to give them to the miscreant tribe. But
the Lord, who loves mankind and shows his wonders ut all times in his
Church, and makes her victorions over princes in all ages, manifested a
miraele, at which we must marvel. While the Amir was sitting one day
that he mighi break up the vessels, and the goldsmith was breaking up
one of the holy chalices, much blood flowed over his hands, like the blood
of a Lamb' that had been slain. So when they saw this miracle, great
fear fell upon them, and the Amir and all these that were present were
afraid. And the Amir commanded that none of those vessels should be
broken; and after that he feared io plaee them in his treasury, and therefore
he ordered that they should be restored to the father. But he demanded
the taxes with greater severity than before, and tlie patriarch was in great
difficulties before he could pay the taxes ihat he owed.

Afterwards the Amir in the city of Alexandria was removed, and departed
to his own country, where he was attacked by a mortal sickness. Many
days later he remembered the great miracle of the issue of blood from the
Chalice; and at that time he commanded lis sons with insistence to send

1. Apoc., v, 6, 12.
PATH. OR. — T, N. — F. 3. a2
