480 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCIHS. [600]
= οἱ ο) Je ο dis  - LE UB epe dé d cy ` 9
sols JE US Jka lions πρ οὐ Maie, Li de
dum μον ο ul ὦ» DS il élue κ oo Love om κ
oo 0 ue pu ΟΥ AY ( ues < du dol ὁ τς il ose
ds ὁ Le he ον Jy ο ον E de ul Lee
¬ ο” ‏ܝܢ ܩܐ‎ à et ‏ܝܫܠ ܕܝܢ‎ cy ‏ܐܚܢܘ ܐܒܪܬ‎ Last Dies ὁ}
du d ‏ܐܕܐ ܐܟ‎ Le ‏ܒܨ‎ εἰ ‏ܐܝܝ‎ Dex ¥ DU c. «e Gti 156
ak Os ¥ ‏ܝܐ‎ es ‏ܒܘ‎ όν, ee ‏ܡ ܘܐ ܝ‎ Le els we, ¥ xl
‏ܒ‎ οἱ ± - Ea ue Coe ολὲ τοῦ Gt SUE al ο) Ma aus
Eas oou σάν», ὍΔ ‏ܘܕܨ‎ LS Ge εν nis οὖν isa ο ὦ
εἰ due οἱ pan EOS qe ram quum Y ‏ܘܐ‎ ο que e oU

1. Eom.to La, add, AN ‏ܟܕ‎ uz κα. — 9, Mss. s,
E T rg Py

So when the holy father saw these calamilies, he mourued, and besought
the Lonl io protect and preserve (he Church and the orihodox people,
wherever they were. For the patriarch prayed, saying, like David in
the 73rd. Psaim' : « O Lord, remember thy congregation, which las been
from the beginning. And Chou hast delivered the rod of thine inheritance,
mount Sion wherein thou hast dwelt. Raise up thy hand against their
pride for ever, for many are ilie wicked deeds that the enemy las done ».

Thns Satan did not cease to stir up wars and murder. Two men at that
time were ‏ܝ‎ of taxes, one of whom was named Ahmad son of
Al-Asbat, aud the other Ibrahim son of Tamim. These two men, in spite

of the troubles from which the people were sulTering, persisted in demanding

gm.
Ihe taxes. without mercy, and men were increasingly and incaleulably
disiressed. Their greatest trouble arose [rom the extortion practised by the
iwo overseers of laxes; for what they could not pay was required of them.
Alter this tle mereilul God by his righteous judgmeut sent down a great
dearth upon Egypt, so that wheat reached the price of one dinar for five
waibahs, Many of the womeu and infants and voung people, and of the
old and the middle-aged, died of slarvation, in. fact of the whole population
a countless λος, through the severity. of the lamiue, Απ the overseer
of taxes was doing harm 10 the people in every. place. Aud most of the

1. Pss 1 2 Sept, rsxiun.
