[595] PT. I. CH. XX. JOSEPH, A. D. 830-849. 481
LS ETE) ‏ܣ‎ GE ὦ» bus ὡς ‏ܥ‎ 4 le an ‏ܐܳܘ‎ e ot 4 hes
E 32201 55" cess EC a) ‏ܝܐ ܦܪ ܘ‎ ζω 925 ὦ» ‏ܒ ܝ‎
A OU Ge ‏ܐܟܝ‎ ds Que ‏ܐ‎ élus QU ‏ܐ‎ ade uo bu ‏ܘܒܨ‎
‎rh pl aub Le ‏ܕܫܘ‎ ο σον ‏ܚܝܕ‎ Ui Bleu Jf Jur y ok des
bless fast bel die Does dis Lise o! des les les aul s
ω ‏ܐ‎ 4 (pie Ole QU Les men ee Lt Go Er gl
nee ‏ܠܐܨܢ‎ nud ‏ܐܬܡ‎ ol Ge οὐδ DE bass xS ubl Td οὐ sur
oem d$ dues dl Lo ‏ܐܠܘ‎ κ ‏ܐܚܐ ܕܝܢ‎ Gb aie side
: Ms pres up 1: ‏ܒ - ܠ‎ QS ‏ܠܝܬ ܛܬ‎ uil. ‏ܢܝܨ‎ duel,
re ‏ܘܢ‎ di e| ous JS ὁ ‏ܠܐܫܐ‎ cue LS sub aus sl LU

1. E om. Lo af, — 2, 41); cs. — 3. E om. to $292&.. — 4. E om. to 2 add.
ss b ‏ܒܕ‎ QU. — 5. E om. to se,

begged them to pray for him, that God would bring his course to an end.
So they all prayed for him, and blessed him from the depth of their hearts,
and bade him farewell, weeping beeause they had lost from their monastery
a lioly man, full of the Spirit of God.

So they started on their homeward jouruev. When they reached the
top of the rock, Joseph being with them, they heard a voice behind him
saying : « The Lord will be with thee, Joseph, and strengthen thee, that
thou mayest endure the troubles whieh will befall thee, and by which thou
wilt obtain the crown of life ». The holy man and his eompanions, heariug
this great voice, but seeing no one, marvelled and were amazed, and knew
that great trials 3110 bitter griefs would come upon him. Then they arrived
at the eity of Alexandria. And the multitude, as soon as they heard that
the envoys had returned, eame forth to meet them, singing praises and
glorilying God. ‘Then the people learnt from the envoys what had happened
to them ou the way, and how they had found the door of Joseph's cell open,
and how they had taken him prisoner, and of the voice which they had
heard behind them near the road of the Cherubim on the top of the rock.
Therefore the people glorified God, who alone works wonders at all times.

After this they informed the Amir, who was governor. of Alexandria,
and was ealled Abd Allah son of Yezid, that they had brought this holv
man, in order to obtain the governor's consent and order, according to the
perpetual eustom before they eonsecrated the patriarch. But the governor
