[507] PT. I. CH. XIX. JAMES, A. D. 819-830. 453
vob 3 dus 3 ‏ܝ‎ SG le ré τόν Diet 5 05
Eus jme. SU Dé Pret μι Qs alu di Oy! Dias
AY ee ἡ db Gb; Gi ὁ Je LS dhès lai de SI GA
“eg 2$ y Lu SY del ui ‏ܝ‎ suh qui cto GS JE ὃς ων
“σὴ em ouai LV lel ‏ܟܐܝܐ‎ UU DU biu «JE les pe eue
ΟἹ οἷς s ἣν ob ο οἷν ‏ܕܐܝܐ‎ ous ule di bag pee doll aus (de
bye all ‏ܐܚܢ‎ ule dS ‏ܢܐ ܚܝܐܢܬ‎ a8 ul ασ. qul ‏ܐܰܢ‎ 05 πο dV xS

Case ο οὖν X Doux dal νεῖ AES οἱ dl dE uu
Jo Mus οὐ.) οἷν Us LOUIS EL cas bao, ‏ܐܚܝ‎ 5e, iss
οἳ QU DURS D US ‏ܐ ܛܢ‎ Ruth EU Quo Xe. LE dus

‎om. to l5. — 3. EF om. F add.‏ ܐܐ .2 — ‎F add. «is Ul.‏ ܐܬܩ 2,. ‎DF om. to‏ . ܬ
‎Eom. to «4. — 7, ( 3. — 8. E‏ ܙ — ‎JAN 0 — 4; 03 τ δ. E ossi.‏
‎u 1 V‏ ܢ
‎om. to IGN,‏

‎the mountains, running like deer whieh long for the waterbrooks', And
they received his blessing with great gladness. And this desert was like
the Paradise of the Lord, through the prayers of the father patriarch and tlie
assistance of the baptized Egvptians. The patriareh had a great affection
for the desert, more than the monks had. And he acted thero as Cornelius?
did in his time; for he sont a message lo all the fathers and to the cells,
saying : « lf anyone need anything for his cell, let him come and take it ».
For the barbarians had robbed them of all their goods, and wrecked the
ehurehes, and burnt the cells with fire. So when the monks eame together
again, they praised the Lord for the renewal of his favour upon then, and
glorified God for these mercies. The father also rejoiced, seeing that the
doves had returned to their lormer nest. In the days of his priesthood he
had begun to build ἃ sanetuary in the name of Saint Sinuthius, to the
south of the sanetuary of Saint Macarius; and there the monks began to
assemble instead of tlie ruined churches. Now he finished it, and restored
the other ehurches. And they praised and glorified the Trinity, as the
angels do.

‎But when Satan saw this, he roared like a lion, and prepared arrows to
discharge against the patriarch and the Church. Now the patriarch had at
that time a deacon, who was atiaelied to him for his service, and who did

‎1, Ps. κια ‏݇ܬ‎ (Sept. xui, — 2. Acts, x. 2, 31.

‎PATH. OR. — Pf. X. — ες ἃ, 31
