472 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCHS. [580]
‏ܐܕܨ ܐܰܫܟ݂ ܕܐܐܚܝܲܢܬܵ ܐ ܐܐܕ‎ es ‏ܕܐܩ‎ ΡΩΝ τὴν cul LA bud oe ex le x
pile ob at gai Spa CS mul zd (όλο Le S di d Laub
U avt fé B de sous de PU Gul ‏ܝܐܐ‎ Ga d ex ‏ܐ‎ uel slg
c, WB ass Aib xamr$y all con. CH JU. alt LUN ‏ܕܟ‎ GUY Qi.
` Db MICE Cb - dy gan Cnm OS JE due mr Ql ule
SV JU SV uud ‏ܠܘ ܐܨܨ‎ δις ον «cul οἱ ο Cat UP Xa tl ‏ܐܨ‎
‎cr pe se ple Goes is dels se il QUI a dei οἳ clé Ki
gli E QU Gé γὰρ ‏ܐ‎ ο lys ae age abl ?y| ‏ܠܐܨܢ ܕܝܨ‎
le οἷς ἀλλ! ce am! es ὦ Οἱ as nu uli 0 (7 - 05

1. AG ls ΒΡΕ 5 — 2. Mss. LS. — 3. ABG 3 — ^. ABG om. —

μ᾿.

and glorified God in truth. Now this father was in his holiness like the
disciples, through the trials that he endured and the miracles performed by
him; for he brought the dead to life, and cast out devils, and eured mauy
that were sick. And our Lady, the Mother of the Light, appeared io him
before he became patriarch, and the Lord Christ also, and the Saints whom
lie was counted worthy to see. :

Then Abba Janes desired to remain a few days in the ον of Tandà, when
he passed by it. And when he staved there, one of tlie bishops, an honour-
able and trustworthy. man, bore wituess to us, saving : « ] went to lim,
to pay him a visit and receive his blessing. And when 1 stood at the door
of his chamber, I heard him say something iu a low voice; aud the words
were : O my Lady, Mother of my Lord, 1 pray thee to pardon me, for 1 am
ready Lo carry out what thou commandest me, and Lo oliserve it to my last
breath ». The bishop continued : « Ard when 1 was intending to show
myself through the door within which he was. and before 1 could enter, he
eried aloud. at what lie saw, and 1 was afraid 1 my respect for his
dignily, and turned back. But 1. heard him sav ` God pardon thee, my
brother, for having hindered me froin beholding the glory aud light of mv
Lady, and alluwed her to depart from me. »

After the blessed. patriarch had seen. these great mysteries which were
shown to him, he hore wituess that no palriareh sils upou this throne except
