[485] PT. 1. CH. XIX. MENNAS 1, A. D. 767-774. 371
Uo Y eue ule! Οἱ ο Gilet oi 46 ο) Jul 45 ‏ܟܐܢ‎ God
ule és Lies ‏(ܐܒܼܕܐܘ ܕ‎ Je QU ‏ܦܨ‎ gl ‏ܐܨ ܠܐܚ‎ οὐ! eie à
ts 3 ΟὟ τοῦ ον) τς VET li ‏ܕܚܟܠܐܝ‎ dà PUR,
ou) Ju 365 JG ben ét LS ο.) πο JU £ JE axé
Set ‏ܠܐܒ‎ M of ‏ܠܐܚܨܩܨܐ‎ dr οἱ Yl JV JE Y ον" οἱ ον LEA
‏ܨ ܝ‎ NV

UJ ‏ܟܝܨ‎ Les lem bols bel ie pes AUS Que DEL luis, Ua
Ale eap en ‏ܐܝܘܬ ܘܐ‎ pp REG eel 4 uL oes! ‏ܕܐ‎ QUE US ue
JE LU ‏ܐܠܨ‎ Dio J,2 SUE * de anos «δὲ σὰ pas JA Xe ‏ܘܕܨ‎
‎Le de οὖν 4L! syl nf, τ ‏ܢܐܚܘ‎ ue ΩΝ ‏ܐܚܕ‎ ous Ke ‏ܐܨ‎ i alls

1 9
1. E om. to , b. — 2. BEG | εἶ.

up persecution and disorder with the object of vanquishing her in the war
that he wages against her. But lier Bridegroom, Christ the Truth, crushes
Satan's power by the words which he said to Peter, chief of the apostles ',
that the gates of Hell shall not prevail against her. You know now that it
is the Lord Christ who is the conqueror. Therefore advance to the combat
and dispute not, but trust in the Lord; for he will abase our adversary
and bring his cowusels to nought, and glorifv his Church which is his
Bride. Let us also rejoice because we have armed ourselves like warriors
for battle in this campaign, that we may obtain the heavenly erown,
accurding to the summons which he gives us at all times, as Paul, the
sweet-Longued, says? : À man will not obtain the crown unless he fight.
Hasten therefore now, that vou may gain that reward, O my friends whom
| love in the Lord. »

When the bishops had read the patriarel”s letter, so full of consolation
for them, they journeyed with all speed, and assembled at Fustät Misr.
As soon as that erring son of Satan learnt that they were gathered to-
gether in the chureli on Sunday, he arose in his obstinacy, escorted by a
troop of soldiers from the governor's palace, and proceeded without fear,
and ascended into the sanctuary, intending to sav tlie prayer of thanksgiving
and the prayer of peace like the patriarch, wearing on his head the cap
on which the name of tlie prince was written. But when the fathers and
bishops saw him do this, they joined together in the Holy Ghost; and Abba

1. S. Matth, avr, 18. — 3.11 Tim., τι, 5.
