366 HISTORY OF TIIE PATRIARCIIS. [480]
Dom A qub Lil dat &les «x Tui. Che Cim de DUE ὁ je
‏ܟܢ‎ δεί es e Ul m ‏ܐܘ‎ ο) Le use ναῦν dal 156 pie ds xat
des dé cJ ‏ܐܨܨ‎ qeu HS ‏ܐ‎ de ὁ» d SUUS Dy X0 «de AKI
dem ‏ܕܩ ܨ‎ γαῖ ‏ܘܕܨ‎ pe ὦ AU ps ‏ܐܠܚܢ‎ A ims ual de ual
dem JP ina κά) ee Ey ‏ܠ‎ 9 5 ος uL 05
‏ܒ‎ Cus puo cp © (41 3 ER cul mb be et &e ὁ ol
oo im oh KS aies οὐ Us ls τ νὰ dea DUI SG ‏ܘܺܐܫܵܐ‎ elo ut e
Cm eu «x uuo Gb JU. de xm ‏ܨ‎ Was al ‏ܐܨ‎ ole ‏ܦܨܝ‎ bj
ea οἱ SALE μὴ Anne De ‏ܐܨ ܐܨ‎ ὧ cS ‏ܕܐܠܡܨ ܙ‎ ΚΙ ‏ܩܬܐ‎ ὡς σας
ai, UB 74 a. LS Le G dues ol ἡ ‏ܝܬܟ‎ a8 GA P uta ‏ܐܨܐ‎

1. E add. ` — 2. E om. to ‏ܝ‎ QUA — 3 BDEF EUM — ^. Mss. des. —

ܫܝ

5. ABG add. &. — 6. ABDFG | 24. — 7. E om. to ls-J,.

mentioned, had grown np. one of them died. And the prince was
exceedingly sad for him, and his mother mourned with all the household;
for thev were greatly grieved on his account. And the courtiers knew
how much his mother loved her son, so that she never ceased 10 weep for
him one single hour by night or hy day, while the prince was very sor-
rowfnl. Now the death of this young son of the prince had taken place
before the arrival of the deacon Peter, unworthy of that name. And the
prince went out of the palace one day with his guards, and rode round
the citv, seeking distraction from his grief for his son according to the
custom of men and princes. — And he chanced to look aside and see that
unworliy Peter, whom Satan transformed in the prince's eves into the
likeness of his son who was dead, so that he seemed to he the very
same, in uo wise dillering from the voung man's appearance even in the
hair of his head. — Therefore the prince, as soon as he perceived Peter,
with jov caused him to be summoned, and embraced him, and kissed
his month and eves as if he were his son indeed. And in the excess of
his gladness he returned to the palace, and with liaste went in to his wife
and said to her : « If thou eouldst see the living image of thy son, wouldsi
thon cease from (his weeping and sadness?» She answered : « Whence
can he come to me?» "hen the prince commanded that the deacon in
whom Satan dwell should be brought in to her; and Satan made him in
her eyes like the form of her son. Sa when she saw him, she rose up
