372 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCIIS. [486]

ο es Gb Tyne Can] Le UL ‏ܐܝܘ‎ ui ‏ܐܘܗܢ‎ caos let ail
Ses ‏ܕܐܝܐ ܕܟ ܐܠܝܛ ܢܐ‎ L'A νῷ JU λε ‏ܘܕܢ‎ & Less δα LOU Ua
De ced ο [άν Lu ‏ܠܐܝ̈ܒܼܝܨܢ ܐܕ‎ 35 GE SS dl Les D! om es
‏ܐܠܚ‎ pul UE Adi lots εῦυ hens ot ΟἹ LUI ον lee
ΒΗ UE ὦ» | Ce JE T c Aa Ji, ee As vx Cp)
LG ος bu LG QT Je ‏ܘܕܨ‎ Cale Ule ff n Lis la qe Lg
ie DA Ju - 9 © 5 - 76 (9
o ‏ܦܫܐ ܪܐܐ ܢܪܐ ܘܕܢ‎ Se el A ‏ܡܢܐ‎ ΑἹ dl ὁ ‏ܐܕܨ‎ cum. ὼς
AS JG ‏ܝ‎ ὧν ο A δν θλ»
` Ju ds dei ις κὲ 06 LS a Ges Ces - dul LU EN DH
1. ABDEG 5  - 0 AG em Ὁ Deus DEF ὦ» E λον SALE
om. — 4. E om. to ‏ܐܐܡܬܢܠ‎ add. oos pubs — 5. E om. to .zXJ3. — 6. EF da.
—7.F el. — 8. EF om. -- 9. E om. to 7

Mennas, bishop of Sanabu, rushed upon him, with Abba Moses, bishop of
Wasim; and they seized the cap and threw it down. and cast him out
of the sanctuary, erying : « Ah thou second Julian, the churches of Egypt
do not deserve to be defiled bv thy presence! » At first that foul wretch
was filled with confusion, but afterwards gave war to auger and commanded
his escort to lead all the bishops away to prison, and to put irons upou
their necks and feet. And when the holy. father patriarch beheld them, he
weleomed them and comforted them, sayiug : « Ὁ my friends, he who
fights [or us is greater than he who fights against us; and the Lord will
rescue us from our enemies, and save us from those that rise up against
ns, and deliver us from the workers of iniquitv. » The bishops, hearing
these words, exclaimed : « Our father, we are ready to die with thee, aud
we believe and trust hiat. we shall obtain salvation by thy prayers! »
Thus the bishops passed a few days in prisou while that 10111 wretch
was considering what evil he Ποπ] do to them and to the patriarch; and
then he ordered the governor to bring them out of eoufinoment and make
them stand before liim; and tlie governor did so. Thereupou that miscreant
said to the father patriareh : « I vill do nothing with thee. that thou fearest,
such as others in my place have done to others in thy place before. thee,
from the time of the patriareh Abba Agathon; for he was compelled to

build slips for the fleet. So "Theodore the Chalcedonian, the governor of

o
