[475] PT. 1, CHI. XIX. MENNAS 1, À. D. 707-774. 361
Am ‏ܢܡ‎ v TE ‏ܢܝܩܪ‎ £ Ky à ail slt ‏ܡܝ‎ Host
«ὦ fra ‏ܝ‎ ed pon ὦ lbs als 2) eue ele T D
Gens pot Le Ge GA di iu Ge Teu AGUYI ‏ܕܐܢܘ‎ lol ‏ܠܐܒܝ̈ܝܒܨܐ‎
‎ὦ QU Lus Je κ de coli Le αλ...
οἱ 3 - NT 3  ( OM a οἱ «Uo cu. Calo 5 ex bs
Ul 8 9 - 3 - - ule dd pol 5 E 0 ‏ܝ‎ QU.

‎del Gaules Piles‏ 439 ܘܫܘ ܘܨ ܘܚܐ

‎eme ‏ܐܚܢ‎ WE Gens dl de ‏ܐܝܢ ܧܐܨܢ !ܚܨܢ ܐܨܚܕܐܨܢ‎ ὦ
ὁ nix, Gé LU dee dll Gil QJ ee ο ee Lol dal plie

‎LI LI

‎LE a Fs. — 2. E om. to Los, — 3. Mss. JUS. — 4. E om. to je.
— 5. Mss. 6. Ms. prefix 9. — 7. Mss. Jus.

‎to be with the hodies of his fathers at Alexandria, in the church. of
Saint Mark the Evangelist, amid proofs of respect and veneration, while
all the people wept for him. And they prayed and besoughi God to raise
up, as successor to Abba Michael, a patriareh who should rule as he did.
So ihe assembly met together, with the bishops, to appoint him whom
God, who knows the secrets of all hearts and gives grace to iliose that are
worthy of it, shonld clionse. Then mention was made of tie priest Mennas,
the monk, of the ehurch of Saint Macarius. — Mennas was a man who
exeited general admiration hy his sense and conduct. He had been ἃ monk
from his voutli, and was the spiritual son of the father Abba Michael, and
superintendent of his habitation in the monastery of Saint Maeartus. 850 he
was promoted to the patriarchal dignity by God's dispensation, amid the joy
ol all, And God vouchsafed to his Church this faithful shepherd, who
had lived with Abba Michael, witnessing his works, because he was with
him from his youth,

‎When Abba Mennas had taken his seat npon the apostolice throne, he
imparted. the spiritual doctrine, su that everyone marvelled at the miglity
grace whieh was descending upon him, and at his admirable teaching.
And the Lord, who had selected him, gave lo the Church increase and
protection in all her provinces, until men forgot all that had happened to
them in the days of Abba Michael, now at rest; and peace continued in
the Church.
