378 His'TORY OF TUE PATBRIARCIIS. [492]
dum ‏ܘܐ‎ ᾧ cul WS act de QU Bit GE JL pe uu ‏ܩܬܐ‎ pi
Lou ὁ CI LB ὁ less ‏ܐܕܠ‎ O6 ‏ܨ ܢܐ‎ LE Que Ds nb ede
AT ‏ܘܟܝܨ‎ (ο) ‏ܕܐܕ‎ elus ὁ dot οἱ AN GE ‏ܐ‎ JG οὖν Le οί ca δ
ou eh Gel gl ‏ܐܚܨ‎ all GE dé ul LE με! Ge uim
les φρο es Yu, CU ο) os 15 LS LUS ei ‏ܐ‎ uas oU
ZA (
eut ‏ܐܨ‎ e ‏ܐܳܢܐ‎ ολ Οὗ eus dt ‏ܐܚܝܘ‎ PO SE ον
‏ܕܸܒܕ‎ MW ‏ܚܝܨ‎ il JE Τὼ ὦ ραν ‏ܐܠܘ‎ LE ‏ܘܬܬܐ (ܐܨܥܼܐ ܢ" ܣܐܒ‎ os LAU
SA jui eu JU Ce ὦ ab ‏ܝܐ‎ ol ‏ܐܘ‎ ias Ka ‏ܨ ܨ‎ usi US ‏ܐܢܟ‎
‏ܘܟܝܨ‎ Jde HU ‏ܢܝܟܢ‎ dan ‏ܚܕܘ ܝܐ‎ JS Gb ch ‏ܐܘ‎ Ah ‏ܘܟܝ‎

1. E om. to eS. — 2. E om. to ADM add, 43 ELU Eso ‏ܢܨ‎ — 3. E EU.
— ἃς E om. lo 7 — 5. DP e. — ὁ. E om. with foll. wd. add. Ji). —
7. E. om to La add. zu! Jen M ses — 8.4 I,

desire, in order to accomplish that which is in my heart». So the governor
despatehed him in haste, bidding him lake with him a letter, in which an
explauation of what had happened to him was given. Thus Satan, the
hater of © drove Peter back to his former eireumstauces, and vaised in
ilie prinee's heart a greater love for him than before. ‘This was especially
because Peter said to him: « lwisli to cuter into thy religion, and to return
lo Egypl and claim my rights from my enemies ». At this the priuce
rejoieed. Then the foul wretch denied ilie name of Christ the Saviour,
and confessed 1he religion of Islam; and for that the prince gave him many
gifts on that day, garments and mouer and horses and female slaves, and
named bin Abu Il-Khair ο.

But the Lord, whose name is blessed, purposed to give rest to the holy
father Abba Mennas, that he might not undergo anv puuishment from this
reucwade. — For God showed forth a mirnele, when he looked upon hnn
who was (5 Abu'l-Khair, bnt. was in reality father of all mischief and
guile. The prince gave him the letters to the. governor that he asked for,
and he journeyed to Egypt, believing that he was about to do all the harm
to the. patriareh that lay in his power. Before he arrived in Egypt, howe-
ver, Abd Allah, the prince, died. So when the wreteh learnt that his hopes
were thus frustrated, the words? of the prophet. were fulfilled in him

1. l'atlier of good. — 2. Jer., xvn, 5.
