ME

36^ HISTORY OF ΤΗΕ PATRIARCHS. [478]
ὁ νο GG ‏ܘܕܨ ܟܬܐ ܐܬܝܘ‎ dues ο
¬: audi £ Gus 5
3 Gil lun 9 οἱ uel 5 ‏ܪ‎ he κ)
i A ca À 5 QUI ll c. Ji pus - ` ‏ܝ‎ y 1E?
Qe Sue Li ade cuf Ge Ge dl GB ae QU ol» G len Lie
bx cain Y &! ‏ܠܘ‎ lass ‏ܐܚܝܰܡܐܧܺܝܝܰܘ ܫܬ ܢ‎ 45 cu Lies ‏ܚܝܟܐܨܐ‎ Goal ie ‏ܐܵܘ‎
‎Jn HE MUS Aus jum Sie ‏ܕܐܐ‎ ail ‏ܚܟܐܘ‎ F9 Wen UB ΑΝ ut μάς
ke Ji ad D clle Le Ge olm ‏ܐܚܣܨܵܢ ܐܚܩܰܫܺܝ‎ qe uml ‏ܐܨܐ‎ Ji Cet CE
ere, Ii MO Goes al ‏ܠܐܒ"‎ Fou, GLL cá his ‏ܕܐܐ‎ dibus lue
li cub Ad ως à Q dy Lt Qt PUn. cl) dias ds EI

1. E om. to $x-U. — 2. F om. to 34-U. — 3. Mss. ij M. — ας E om. to Les.
add. llo ὁ cli il coa, le bus 0 >< st ‏ܫܝ‎ crar, ST QUE,
‏ܝܝ‎ — 5. ABDFG om. — 6, F e 1509 KB. - 7. BU ‏.ܐܪܝܢ‎ — 8. E om. to
‏ܝܚ‎ — 9. Mss. 10. Mss. om. — 11. Mss. 5 — 12, DF om. with foll. wd.

might introduec. him. And Satan worked a great wonder for him. as he
does for his favourites and followers, like the conjuring of the witch when
she raised up the prophet Samuel from the tomb for Saul. Far be Samuel
{rom 1his imagined likeness! We are only. pointing out to vou how Satan
causes semhlances and illusions in all ages.

These events were in the reign of Abu Ja'far Abd 1 nephew of Abü
Muslim, whom we have already mentioned. in the. eighteenth chapter of
the History of the Church. ile was the first who look possession of
Khorassan. 1106 had married a chaste wife while he was at Harran before
he began to reign; and afterwards, when le became caliph, he lived at
Damaseus. ‘Fhis woman feared God: and she was of high rank in her
tribe and nation; and she had made ler husband swear, when she was
married 16 him, that he would marry no other wife while she lived, so that
she night keep the Law of God. But when he married her, God gave him no
child for mans vears..— Afterwards, however, she saw in a. dream one who
said to her : « Send for 1saae, bishop of Harran, that he may pray for thee:
for God will accept hi« prayers on («9 account and give thee ἃ son. »
"Therefore she obeved the vision with faith, and caused Abd. Allah, her
husband, to send and fetch. the bishop. And before he arrived, she saw
in à second dream ἃ personage, who aunounced to her that God had. heard
