[477] PT. 1. CH. XIX. MENNAS 1, À. D. 767-774. 363
ον δ eu ali uie bs ds d ‏ܫ‎ τμ Salle ΕΝ
" 0 ‏ܝ‎ Ce es Aa, Le ul es à um LS cx, E DIN ὅσο ϑ
aus κων je φῦ GE Be ὦ JU ον Je cl JL ca οἱ Le
US Su as ln e Ys Lait LS Jus in ‏)ܐܟܝܐ ܘܢ‎ uS LL "oU
οἱ 0 - ` ` 3 cub OLA 0 (5 ολ) dés Les LYT
Gal ‏ܘܕܨ‎ pee AS Ge A μαι ‏ܢܬ‎ Vie ds ὁ ο
43 am) Gu ἘΠ u$ dl vis ‏ܐܗܨ‎ Ms LS B al ns # ‏ܘܐ‎ Gé oues
‏ܐܬܝܫܐ ܐ‎ d duh mis ie dub, Sole GUAE Lil JS uias Led dsl
deae δὶ ‏ܛܶܢ‎ Gl μονο Cus Came ο «cle Jus PUÉ

. E om. to sx. — 2. E om. to s! add. Jaë my 8 3. E xs. — 4. E om. to
"n — δ. BEG Salt «απ LS Qe ‏ܐܐ‎ Ὁ us. oou κ...

6. F om.; E om. to ‏ܦܠ‎ add. -3, Let 72 FK QJ. 8 EF om. — 9. E om. to
als. — 10. E om. to. 2) add, XE UE ‏ܕܟܕ ܐܢܬ‎

collected money for Peter, and gave him letters addressed to all the metro-
politans and bishops subject to Antioch, bidding them also make collections
for him and honour him with much attention; for the patriareh was infa-
tuated with him. As soon as a sufficient sum had heen raised to give him
the assistance that he ueeded for his evil deed, and the means of reaching
the princes, the hater of good still walked with liim. And after some days
Peter arrived. at the capital city, and began with his heart fall of wrath
and cunniag to write letters, containing false reports of tlie patriareh Abba
Mennas. For Peter said in his report that the prince's treasury was empty
of money, in spite of all that he needed for the expenses of the army and
the administration of the government; while in Egypt there was a person,
a great patriarch among the Cliristians, who knew how to practise alehemy
for the permulation of substances into gold; and that by such means he
had filled his churches with vessels οἳ gold and silver, iu which the holy
offerings were presented. « But thou. my prince and my lord », he added,
« hast the right to possess in thy storehouse these splendid golden vessels,
which are in the churches of Egypt, and with which things displeasing to
God are done ». When this foul sinner had written this report, lie waited
for a day on which he might find means of laying it before the prince;
and he gave bribes to all the attendants of tlie prince, in order that they
