[495] PT. I. CI. XIX. MENNAS I, A. D. 767-774. 381
πω μον κο dbi co JE ail plo « Gui il ouis

(7 4 dt fS is Cl 5 ϱ) σόν οἱ «ο! les boss Eat Rae ο)
men Alm) QA ees iua FA dl Bin ὄνον Ma d fui de
' DER 7 κ Bl EU LG κ.
Qt . κεν GEI. ‏ܒ‎ Dess AE Je 5 Je c6» d 1-
ΠΝ
Οὐ Lu GÀ LS e μὰ dl δες dU PEN ue ὃν ds Ael
G ὁ aus bee Ul ‏ܐܢ‎ οὖν es οὶ ος Le Gt exil ῷ 768 6,
28% perd Le LI ‏ܘܕܨ ܘܵܐ ܢ‎ REV ‏ܦܨ‎ ut Les sole a ex

‎om. to 058} add. ui UU! LS‏ ܐܐ .2 — ‎dual Bee ft a.‏ .ܐܙܘ ܐܐ . ܬ

‎0 He ντος sens aie - 9 ` be Cle — 3. E om to 4. —

‎^. E om. to oo — 5. E om. with 2 foll. wds. — 6. F gh. -- 7. Ε ον -
8. Mss, Jul. — 9. Mss. peut. — 10. ABDFG 323.

‎So the Chureh remained a widow without a pastor. But the Lord visited
bis sheep, whom he had bought with his blood ; and the bishops assembled
in the city of Alexandria, and consulted togelher, and prayed the Lord to
slew them a [faithful shepherd.— Many names were mentioned, and they
continued to discuss this matter during several days, while the Lord was
reserving his chosen one, whom he was about to elect and anoint. with
the oil of his merey, that he might be called lo the patriarchal oflice,
becanse it belonged to him. — Now our fathers, when they met together in
order to come lo an agreement upon the appointment of a patriarch, were
aceustomed to write many names on small sheets which they laid in the
sanetuary. Then the bishops and priests and ortliodox laity used to pray
io the Lord with a sincere intention, and ery Kyrie eleison. — Afterwards ΠΙῸΝ
brought a voung child, ignorant of sin, which put forth its hand and took
one ‏ܠ‎ from among we number. And him whose name was drawn they
promoted to the patriarehal dignity.

‎Now they had begun to carry out this procedure. And ‏ܝ(‎ was in
charge of the chureh of Saint Meunas a priest named John, 1110 son of the
father Abba Michael: and his birthplace was at Βακὰ ‏ܐ‎ and he had
become a monk in Wadi Habib, and had then been entrusted with the
office of oeconomus under the father Abba Mennas, lately gone to his rest.
This man was named by an aged deacon of pious character, one of the
