386 HISTORY OF TIIE PATRIARCIIS. [500^
AC PI eem δε] ὃν SN £ _ a ee à LS ωό des «s AS
var SÉ ls Qs LS οἱ) Com ‏ܕܐܐ‎ ds il YI SUE ‏ܦܨ‎ de osx
ode & uel Qt ‏ܟܬܐ‎ ὦ Gb GA Gb ‏ܦܨ‎ cL. ad ama Jk ολλ
μμ ο νο ο...
du ‏ܐܬܐ‎ GL ο Gall ada μι ο μονο. Uy
à futs κ LU Xavi ο ‏&܀ ܕܢܚܬܟ ܐܠܘ ܠܟܢ ܕܩܝ ܐܘ‎ ος...
cul és uio ‏ܐܒܢ ܘܕܨ‎ JS ΟἹ» οἱ) Λ.Α ais LS LE ‏ܐܨ‎ del eue
dena ως οἱ Let ge cb all ο Mt S à sb US ὁ DU este ‏ܦܐܪܐ‎ e
‏ܘܢܟ‎ Qt ae EN ‏ܢܫܘ ܐܨ‎ ο ο CUT ‏ܐܝܢ‎
‎Uis SL ο Ah ο ass Un JE eem ie ‏ܐܨܨ‎ el ‏ܐܢ‎
‎A ESS

1, E om. with 2 foll. ¥. 2. Mss. Ze — 3. E om. to ‏ܣܒ‎ — 4. E om. to

p e NI acu

the sake of his beautiful eountenance; and when he chanted he put every
word in its right place. Ile was also learned in the Seriptures and in the
studv of all tho. Mystagogia. So men used to say ` « Blessed is the Lord
God, who has given a wise son to David ', as it is said. » The faithlul
laity used to say, glorifving God : « Blessed is God, who has raised up
for us this deacon Mark who loves God. — Blessed is the Lord who has made
this branch to llourish for us from this blessed tree, — our holy father John
aud his son. Mark. — Happy is our city which has merited this grace! »
And when our father the palriareh beheld this deacon and his actions, he
rejoiced over him and thanked God, who had given him this gift [or the
Chureh, and had left Mark to him as zn adviser in all his cirenmstances.
And Mark, in each step to whieh the patrare. promoted him, grew more
and more humble towards all, both small aud great; and more excellent than
this wus his obedienee to the father in all that he commanded him to do.
Then Mark. wheu he was filled with grave, begged our father to hold lim
worthy of the Augelic Habit, that is the monastie estate, So Abba John,
when he saw Mark's desire, took him with him, on the 97th. of Barmahàt,
which is the day when Saint Macarius went Lo his rest, to the monastery. of
the Smminating father, Saint Macarius, the mecting-place of monks, and
the home of high wisdom and of prayer, eontinuing night and day with wlo-

1. 111 Rings. v, 21 (75.
