[497] PT. L Cli. XIX. JOHN IV, A. D. 775-799. 383
Ou uie 3» Gt φὼς e ο Xe εν τον ses Ds Gd ‏ܕܠ‎
‎LS QU ‏ܚܐܘ‎ deu xem Les Ul bulb uu lle Cu US RES ane
ge pal SEE eae ae cene] LVL Sls isle ES ‏ܢ‎ cis qd
ede coh nob ‏ܒ‎ QUY os 8... ἴσον Cnfany| GUY! ule ‏ܠܐܫܝ̈ܨܚܐ‎ Qu
Ds ὃς ΩΝ 53
` Je «7 3 LS - 7 5909 ) oye LE οἱ - oe
Des ὦ Rs ο ο... 3 Tu ‏ܠ‎ 5
ἐξ, EST) FJ» of ζω “Le es AJ de Po Cos Ces ΟὟ M
μι E Ls. — 2. E om. to so add. «Slt, a3 lle, οἱ Lbs. — 3. Eom.to 25h
add. Las UT ON OE gba — — 4. heal, — 5. E SLT, — 6. E om. to
13 — 7. ABG UE.

Lt

ment to the patriareh of Alexandria. Then that bishop died, and George
returned, having been released from prison, and sa! upon the ihroue of
Antioch with glory and honour, after an absence of ten vears. George,
therefore, having read the letters of the blessed patriarch, Abba John, upon
the arrival of liis envoys at Antioch, welcomed those envoys and rejoiced
over them; aud so likewise the syuod of meiropolitans and bisliops, assem-
bled with their ehief, glorified the Lord Christ, with great jov and spiri-
tual gladness, on aceount of the agreement of the doctrine of the two pa-
triarchs concerning the orthodox Faith, and their common accord after the
days that had passed. And George with his metropolitans aud bishops
composed an epistle in answer to the synodical, and sent it to the lathor,
Abba John, according to the ecclesiastical canons, which are exempt from
error.

Now Abba John was beautilul in form, perfect in stature, inspired by
God in all his affairs. And everyoue desired to behold his welcome form;
and it was granted to him to be acceptable io all princes and wovernors,
like losepli the "Truthtul, with whom God's haud was, and whom God saved
from all his sorrows, and to whom he gave grace aud wisdom belore
Pharao. And ihe father John was assiduous in doing good, and provided
means for the building of a. chureh and ἃ patriarehal residence, which [ιο
adoëned with all beautiful ornaments, He also embellished tlie. churches
