[479] PT. 1. CH. XIX. MENNAS I, 4. D. 767-774. 365
Jet oe ο 4 lola Us le queo dhes B ‏ܐܚܡܕ̈ܢ‎ EN clus
deed avt ( ἦν alus slo ‏ܠܠ‎ be Jia ον o6 ὦ»
LE ‏ܚܚ‎ 95 o li ἐμ Gnd LS Xl. Qe ULL «Lh. ol
el (σον! JE LS ‏ܧܐܨܢ ܐܠܬ ܚܨܢ‎ an 0) «λε ‏ܐܠܘ‎ νο ‏ܐܪܘ ܝ ܕܠܫܵܐܐ ܐܪ‎
dis ax ‏ܐܐ‎ Pa 5 ¥ bet JG uml duel ue εν» ο) dise
a ‏ܚܙܝ ܠܐܚܐܟܐܬܙܢ‎ Cl es ‏ܦܨܚܘ̄ ܐܠܘ‎ NE NE EET OU
de σὰ UN PUS Qa χες LS Cl ule ce bom di des ο) Les
4 δι ‏ܐܝܐܬܘ‎ Gi LA Get d pe à Ca οἱ ‏ܐܚܪܘ‎ ον) Ut Qi
be te Pot d
has οἷν Gt 3 - Ga (0 de Gta) Dit 3 té

x ` 3 ΠΝ ^ past eat " ‏ܪ‎ FEM

LE 3 — 2. Mss. pU E kia. — 4. E om. to 0 add. ‏ܗ‎ ga
Ὁ ου at ual ent ‏ܕܒܼܐܚܨܢ ܟܐܨ‎ S ‏ܐ‎ ue pale eb, de DI
ij ‏ܐܝܥܬ ܐܢܝܐ‎ ai ds, e Ὁ Lt ls ETE : τοῦς Β 29 6 ‏ܐܨ‎
‎— 6. DF om. to 3. — 7. Mss. eu

her petition and would fulfil. her desire through the prayers of the bishop
Isaac. Then. when he came, he prayed over her, and blessed her. So she
conceived and bore two children. And for this cause the bishop stood high
in favour with Abd Allah and his wife. So when Abd Allah began to reign,
the father and bishop 18880 begged of him authority over the patriarchate of
Aniioeh and the East; and the prince granted his request. And this was
the cause of 1xaae's fall, because he broke the canons. But since God would
not endure to leave him upon the throne, ἂν the holy gospel says‘: « Behold
the axe is laid at the roots of the trees, therefore every tree that bears not
good fruit shall be eut down and east. into the fire », thus it happened with
this Isaac; when he acled foolishly and broke the law of God, and took his
seat as patriareh by the power al the government, and transgressed the in-
junctions of his fathers, God eut off his life from the earth, and he died
suddenly before the end of the vear. Aud another mau, named Athanasius,
sat upon the throne hy force on the day of ‏ܝ‎ death; hut he also
died that very night, as it has been related in the eighteenth chapter of
the History.

When the two sons of Abd Allah and of his chaste virtuous wife, before

1. S. Matth., 111, 10; vir, 19; S, Luke, πὶ, 9.
