388 IISTORY OF THE PATRIARCIIS. ‏ܒܝ‎
‎d Js σῇ ul Lx T lU e és κ Goal uet iue Us GJ νο
πο Gale ule AY ο ο οἱ dl Ge ‏ܠܐܚ ܐܒܼܨ‎ E PR
SUN EU γα ον «ag sl οἱ cb el le ‏ܐܠܘ‎ οἱ del Us lets
is tout μα el ο mms in - JUS à
ο) ‏ܐܒܿܨ ܐ‎ dé 99 a8 αν ‏ܘܐܒ‎ οὖν du SUN ail cuo cb Οἱ de
MS Ge du D le dl ol d JB ul C ge Ge 9 UG, Et 4
LS ch ‏ܒ‎ οἱ νι qu LU JUS Las «iJ Au Ps Pus
4: PX «Les Jh 375 c Ul ai cm UK 33 p ie aM 2$
Aou σῇ Qt a ὦ ὦ τοῦ WE des S ‏ܐܐܠܘ‎ SC CE QU
ex d$ ul La ὦ Cu ‏ܐܠܐܘ‎ nS LU RU ‏ܝܘ‎ Qe ud Ge rU eJ

| Mss, S... — 2, Mss, «δω. — 3. E om. to ec. add. ETS da QJ 6 9 7
‏ܝܝ ܝܨ ܫܡ‎ ἐ τὶ
10
Es

blessed oues who loved God, Cyrus and Barnabas, when they saw that
Christ's people desired this. Aud the churches possessed endowments.
So Abba John called the deacon Mark, aud said to him : € My. son, it shall
be to thee a reward. from God that thou. shalt snperintend the building of
the churehes; for thou art aequainted. with the city and the workmen and
their trades. And LE know that God is with thee, and I believe and trust that
the good care wliieh thou shalt hestow upon this matter in tliy laith will be
returued to thee in perfection ».. Mark replied : « Thy. Holiness knows that
the accursed hereties have many. arguments with whieh they will oppose
us, But it would be a siu upon my conscience if I yesisted the lloly Ghost
who ‏ܒܣ‎ in thee; and now, my father, thou desirest to do ἃ good deed ».
Then he made à prostration before the patriarch, and said. to him : « Pray
for me, my father! » λα tlie patriareh answered : « The Lord bless thee
and be with thee, until thon shalt eomplete the building of his holy honxe,
so that thon mavest rejoicee in it alter we are woue ». Thereupon Mark
said (o the patriareh : « Thy. Paternity eommands me to lay the foundation
us God shall give me light ».

Therelore the patriarch supplied all that was needed. for the flabeie, and
assembled the workmen and overscers,— ud he said prayers, and laid the
fondations of the. chureh and o£ the surromiding habitations. And he
delivered all that ehnreh needed into. the hand of the. pious deacon Mark,
that he might provide lor the eonstraction,— "Thus Mark. was entrusted with

the: building of the holy ehurch; and God was helping him with grace, aud
