370 HISTORY OF TUE PATRIARCIIS. [484]
AL AU A Qu ¥ ‏ܠܐܟܐܨܐܝ‎ JG UE CR AUS οἷς uut
dl ES AU ies ‏ܐܨ ܢܨ‎ GA coll ΚΟΥ τὰ ss Qual Ὁ ‏ܐܘ‎ JE ie
Che cu) SS JU ‏ܚܝܨ‎ RE sz; Δ᾽ Οὐδ an de, QUIE ul ‏ܘܕܨ‎ ὁ ὧν
mes Qt GUN eum rue. À JUS 4 xa Dal Le deb 0
JB quem OÙ ο) GU due οἱ AN CNT JU Len Le ὦ pau) ὡς-
BAL US Quella Axel Lue OU exa Rm σον} ‏ܐܨ‎ «ums Cus
‏ܐܠ )ܪܝܬ‎ s ‏ܢܟ‎ QUEM A ei NONE Jen Ur SpA) els

= Bt μοὶ 4 ‏ܐܘ ܝܐ‎ us «ls 5 Sal Lia μυ CS
an OU xo ‏ܬܨ ܚ‎ d Gh Ge fee Q6 GR ‏ܐܢ‎ CS iE Gil
mu aus DUE pa Y Duo ο ὁ Ka ‏ܘܰܘ‎ «αι Vale ¥ Οἱ ps
cub eges ol Lie ‏ܨ‎ Cun CLIE κῶν U Xue us Rudi ALI

1. ABDG cS E vus F om. —2.E LE 32 τ Eom. to x? ως

add. eem ‏ܐܝ )ܪܐ‎ ES ‏ܨ‎ _ ΒΝ usb Le Lt LA oce

ΓΕ may carry out the Law which bids me obey the king as ] would obey
God; for it says! : He who resists and disputes authority, resists God, his
Lord. » When the governor heard tliese words, he was pleased with the
patriarel's answer, and said to the wreteh : « Bid him do whatever thou
desirest. » So hie said : « Let him send and summon all the bishops under
his jurisdietion, that 1 may give them in his presence the orders that are
necessary. » Then the father begwed of the governor that he might
be allowed à delay of some days, till he could assemble the bishops. But
that heretie said : « Let us send him away to prison, so that ] may enter
the churches in Misr and go up to their altars, as the patriarehs do. »
So the patriarch was imprisoned with Theodore, bishop of Μίκυ, and
ordered. the seeretaries to write letters to all the bishops, that thev mighl
come to him. For that heretie Peter believed. that they would obey. him
and do for him what he had planned, though it was contrary to the canons
ofthe Church. The letter which the father patriarch wrote was fall of
sadness and wrief, but he did not explain any matter to the bishops lest he
should discourage them, so that they would shrink [roin the struggle. The
conteuts of the letter were as follows : « Satan does not at any time leave
the Bride of Christ, the Universal Church, without oppusition, but raises

1. Rom. sun. 2.
