380 IISTORY OF THE PATRIARCIHS. [494]
οἷν Y ΟἹ ρων dos Jet ce Dui elis G siot! UE JE LS LI
SA οἹ MI

- Ge SUME ο dès Le Ul ‏ܒ‎ - od uU A alb as 3
tn 3 5 em 3 ule ‏ܠ ܒ‎ 5 = Ca Le ‏ܬ‎
‎SU pe gl az μὲ oua ULL ‏ܒ‎ Cite als ps Rub ὦ»
As Ὁ 03 d pr pis 5 3 ον Qui US Pit eel
LE Dés ons ‏ܘܨ‎ Dee la Des Les ab E AME ο) SUI és --. at
e lu LS AB JE ‏ܐܠܘ‎ age malt JS aus Le Ul Lui de Us LS als
Dis 4 spl d db ‏ܐܨܘ ܩܢ‎ JE LS QU. all ps La Gl ‏ܢܢ‎ ede
des Ge um CA ae nob spl à Ὁ 7 0 - ‏ܒ‎

l. Mss. ee. -— 2. E om. lo «γίνου add. Es us ον st uM GS Lt,

uo At ae Us le ou Cons.

that he might save him from tliis error, professing that his heart was right.
Then he heard from the mouth of the bishops, as the Lord said' 1o his
disciples at that time concerning Judas Iscariot, that none should perish
except the son of perdition.

After (6 events it was God's will lo give rest to the father Abba
Mennas, and translate him to Jerusalem on high from this world full of
misery and trouble, So he went to his rest, after occupying the see seven
years, on the last day of Tübah, and brought his teaching to a close,
preserving the faith of his fathers; and he departed in peace to the Lord
Christ, whom he loved, and received the crown of vietory together with the
assembly of his militant bretliren, and entered into joy. with them in the
land of the living. And after his decease, that rebel returned. to the town
where he was born, and died there a bitter death in sin and poverty, 98
our father Abba Mennas had prophesied concerning him. — Thus all who
witnessed his fate marvelled and glorified God, saving ` « That whieh the
father Abba Mennas foretold by the Holy 0 against this nian. has come
to pass. » And they said, as David, tlie servant of the Lord, savs in the
Psalm ?, that he humbles the prond as one that is wounded, — David savs
also in the. EISth. Psalm ὁ : « Cursed are all those that swerve from thy
eommandments. »

1. S. John, xvii, 02. — 2, Ps, raxxix, LE Sept, Laxxvint, — 3. Ps. cxix, 21 Sept.
IDSSILEM
