390 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCNS. [504]
de οἱ) μ ο Les dl κο I Gul ‏ܘܘ‎ dé ἃ dE ο Ga M
Uy Ul ‏ܢ‎ gb, as Lee 136 tint
‏ܝ‎ JE 5 ο AGE iles cU iL. gl au o6 UL
uu Jua us SX dk ‏ܡ‎ οἱ qim je Ame) DAV Rue de lis
ο dés Tp sex sens ei ol ‏ܢܨ‎ es ‏ܐܝܐ‎ bre UE ‏ܐ‎ us ual
Jess Ds S es Val cU cob ‏ܘܐܠ‎ EU deY ‏ܕܐܚܐܪܝ̈ܝ̈ܐ‎ Us dle cie
Zo ο. GS (SA ‏ܕܠ‎ qub QU Ce er ‏ܕܠ‎ EU Qn L ene Y cho
gu Y wes deny die pot οι 6 Gu» οἱ) DUE duly ot els Uy
Ds ‏ܙܘܝܐ ܝܐܓ‎ aub d dic ‏ܐܨ‎ UY «οἱ X ee fne te Jn Ὁ
o^ uU! ee uius o6 LU GU Sir Y, élu conn Uy Y 206
dll ὁ Paus 5e ‏(ܐܚܽܘܵܟܢ‎ aal Lx deal LE azur LU clés «λ die

1, F om, — 2. À JSK. — 3. E om. to ‏ܐܟܪ‎ add. dit JI. — 42 E om. to CRM,
— 5. EF om. to ‏ܒ‎ add, slot,

chureh is called at the present day, in the city of Alexandria, the church of
Repentance. — And there was with our father the patriarch a scribe and
deacon, named John, who was counted. worthy of the bishoprie of the see
of Sakha after the decease of the father, Abba John. .

After the completion of the chureh of the Angel Michael, by the Lord's
inscrutable decrees a great dearth came upon the city of Alexandria and
Upper Egypt, so that the price of wheat rose to a dinar for three waibalis,
and many persons perished. Al our father was sad on account of the
dead aud the mortality that he saw, and prayed. with tears, saying, like the
prophet Isaiss': « Thon hast turned awav thy face from us, and wiven us
up beeause of our sins. Aud now, Ὁ Lord, thou art νο our Father, and
we are all dust and the work ol thy hands. Deal not with us according to
our sins, and be notaugry with us for ever; and remember not our olfences,
but turn to us, O Lord, for we are tliv people ». And he continued. in
prayer night and. day, saying : « O Lord, have merey un 11) creatures and
the work of thy hands; deal not with us after our sins. We deserve indeed
all ehastisement, for we have uot walked in the way of thy commandments.
But now, O Lord, ehastise us not with the rod of thy wrath, and remember
not our trausgressions helore Lhee ».

And the patriareh beheld. tbe distress of the. people [rom the severity. of

1. [s., uxtv, 7, 8, 9,
