[499] PT. 1. CH. NIX. JOIIN IV, A. D. 775-709. 385

10 < > di le 6 Le Jes a» JS UE τὰν 335 Lob 9
lh. Lau sum ὁ UJ eu RM REPE ES e om
lil d δε οἱ ‏ܕܚܐ ]ܟ‎ LU S % T ‏ܐܐܝ ܐܐܝ ܡ 9" ܠ‎ ΜΝ INS

b eis ed EON TERIS Auge
due Île Rin od dox. Qi Acus 3$ QS ὧν Lil quU pass ee
ἘΝ SEN Lies Lie set Etes jy SUI
be ‏ܘܕܢ‎ de Les Ul Et οἷ set cubos bb ον eh Lie RON ‏ܦܨ"‎
‎dé à dava LE οὐ Cus due ‏ܐܘ ܕܠܦܐ܀‎ «ue ems Le “το 3 19
La m Y. coul ‏ܐܘܐ ܦܨܐ‎ CS à be db cem Le 3273 ai pi cue
pn ‏ܚܨܢ‎ LEE eiie epo guns οἱ ed Ed ui ‏ܨ ܕ‎ η rat

1. F om, to 3 MENT add. ‏ܦܳܐ‎ οἱ CM ‏ܐܨ‎ m ed DNE ‏ܐܝ ܡܝܐ ܕܐ ) )ܐܥ‎
a: — 3. E om. to Ge. — 3, E om. to at κ. ‏ܕܝܢ ܒ‎ JE e) KS, -- ἃ, καὶ
om. to "a — 5. € om. to VA add. St M οἷν — 6. F -

those that shall come after us». Aecondingly they used to bring 10 him,
that saint adorued with virtues, large sums of money and gilts. aud io prav
hün to provide for the building of tlie churehes, until that wlüeh is said '
of the prophet. David was lullilled iu Abba John : « The zeal of thine
house has eaten. me up.» And he accepted those gifts from the people,
boeause he knew how great were their charity aud their sacrifice of.their
wealth and their goodness and right faith in God.

And there was with Abba John ἃ deacon, who loved God, aid. was very
vigilant aud. [ull of faith and spiritual wisdom. This deacou was named
Mark, and was an Alexandriam; aud he had grasped with zeal the helm of
the Ark, which is the Church, the Ark of salvation. from the deluge of the
devils. Our father Abba John had known bin from his youth. Mark was
in charge of the ehureli of Saint Mennas, and the patriarch, because of his
acquaintance with him and lis Éunily, made him deacon; and wherever
the patriarch celebrated the Liturgy or was present, Mark used to
chant the gospel, with a voire of tenderness and moving tones, so tliat
the hearts of listeners were touched by their musie. For this reason wie
people used to. come early to the cliurehi in order to hear his elanting and
his beantiful voice, and beeause he understood the art of chanting, and for

1. Ps. LAIX, 10 (Sept. rivi.
