[503] PT. I. CHE. XIX. JOIIN IV, A. D. 799. 391

ces less RE 5 ouf, 3 59 ‏ܘܝܨ‎ ον οἱ oki aal
" e» ce κά tes o5 ΝΣ ‏ܐܐ‎ We 4 ‏ܩܐܝܨܐ ܘܓ‎ Um. Ul oM 5 su

HUE Gus dd Lt Je Alt, ol, er 3 ‏ܠ‎ 05
ixl οἱ uim es Ὡς ‏ܠܐܝܐ ܙܢ‎ Us τό UY LUE Ce ‏ܢܕ‎ οὐδ ym ‏ܨܢ‎
‎Je OH ντο μον. ee LS cb Lot dll ub
5 Le Ji 96 τον ‏ܐܢ‎ μὰ Gus Y Clust Sad Ud
Ὁ ‏)ܐܨ‎ unos Lost ο ete don P Lie «ἰὁ pes US ὁ Gus Lm Pad
dy LAN ‏ܝܕܨ ܐܚܝܢ‎ nA de qoos sal ceu τὴ οὐ 9 Jui, «Gay
sels db L cr. oS dl xx ie c^ Qi ARE cs La Lil T

LE < — 2. E add. 3 ‏ܠ‎ — 3. E om. BG aps 9. — 4. B suo Dues E
ce Ft li ‏ܓܐ‎ Le 6 ‏ܚ .ܬܝܓ‎ 5. E om. to Let. — 6. ΡΕ Lil, —
7. A Cale ον ον ο ανα.
8. Flo _ (< 4 ‏ܦ ܦܨ‎ LA ‏,ܐܠ‎ , Al E ] ο lx

` ( 3 — ( F Xx 10. E om. to 53), | ole add. Lay a e 9

PESCE CARE os ‏ܕܠܨܨ‎ Et Ἰδὲ but NES
NY

ܢ

the dearth, and his pity exeited him to pray. Then Abba John called his
son and partner in his works, the deacon Mark, and gave him authority to
distribute alms amoug all the inhabitants of the city; and the storehonses
and the aceonuts of the chnreh were nnder his superintendence, for tlie
father, Abba John, had entrusted him with the charge of tliem, making trial
of his conduet. — So Mark began to assist all those that were starving,
giving them their food moruing and evening every day. And he nsed to see
at the patriarel's door many. people of every race, whom lie wonld supply
with provisions ont of the stores of the church; for she had at that time au
abundance of good things. 0 the sweet perfume of his good deeds
spread. and filled all places. Basil and Eusebius, the two bishops, were
those who made almsgiving their uuinterrupted occupation, making more
of it thau of the fulfilment of any other commandment. In the same way
this holy man acted as they did, emulating their excellence until he ro-
sembled them in that point; bnt tliough he did thus, yet he did not neglect
any of the preeepts of religion: And he visited the oflieials aud 09
rich men, and said to them : « Be merciful to the needy ». And he urged
them to alms-giving with argumeuts [rom the holy seriptures, saving to
them : « Profit by this time and this grace which is glorious before God ».
