368 IISTORY OF THE PATRIARCHS. [482]
D dum ὦ él Vel ἂν μον ous ‏ܐܨ‎ LU cles TUB ees Le Ul
SUV ο ον) Gil eil la (e quo Οὐ οὖν 49 ee ὦ» ο οἱ Re
SA eie lus os d ost ule εὐ SY ‏ܨܢ‎ pal QE uus % ‏ܐܨܨ‎ οὐ
PASE c. - ὁ 9 ὧν 3 oae) Seo Je oh cha ge
cob VAR JU, db LE Ui νδυ Lt M uuo ial ‏ܐܨ‎ et ‏ܐܬܘܐ‎ AKI,
G^ "T ‏ܫ‎ d ex d cel o^ ail ol (EL. EN SH
den ge Lou ‏ܝܕܨ‎ La Ji οἱ OU Jui, til Gt ¥ als Je
£y εὐ ‏ܠܐܝ‎ UE US ‏ܘ‎ ρθρο οἱ et yos ο) ‏ܕܟܝܨ ܘܐܩܠܝܕܐ‎ Les ‏ܐܨ‎
‎LU QU JUS pl ‏ܠܐܟܐܨܐܝ‎ Fée Ul uad ‏ܐܢܝ‎ Gels ο.
‏ܕܚܐ ܐܟ‎ 38 ο di οἱ Gil EN ‏ܘܘ‎ Jet ον US ‏ܥܨ‎ JS ‏ܕܝܢ‎ ὧν οἱ

. E om. to νῷ LES add. xu» ο) RU E ‏ܟܕ‎ ds ss pes P & RUM E
ΒΝ E [EN qne, — 2. ΡΕ QOEM. — 3. Mss. Jus.

Mennas and his synod. When the governor's messengers arrived at the
frontier-city of Alexandria and informed the pairiareh of what had happened.
he was sad and cried to the Lord from the depths of his heart, saying :
« O Lord, save me from this snare whieh is secretlv laid for me, for thou
art my God; and give me not up to those that oppress me, for false witnesses
have risen up against me. Anil behold, thine eyes, O Lord, are upon those
that fear © and trust in thy merey, that thou. mayest deliver their souls
from death ». And he did not eease 10 pray and weep the whole night
long until the morning. ‘Then the messengers appeared before him, and
urged him to start upon his journey. Therefore he arose. and said with
eheerfulness : « O Lord, make me worthy to suffer for thv name's sake:
for thou alone art my hope, O Lord my God, and therefore 1 lear not what
man can do to me». And he continued to repeat these words during his
journey from Alexandria, until he arrived at Fustàt. Misr.

000 the governor was inlormed of the patriarch's arrival, and gave
orders that he should be brought before him, and rejoiced when lie saw
him. For the. governor loved the Christians, and had been friendly with
the holy father, Abba Michael the patriarch, now at rest. So he said to
ihe father, Abba Mennas : « Thou shalt receive all fair treatment 10111 me,
aceording to that which 1 used 10 do for the. deceased pairiarch who was
thy. predecessor. — But. the prince's mandate. has arrived, bidding thee obey
the bearer of it, who is a follower of thv faith and creed, and forbidding
