38^ utsroRY OF THE PATRIARCHS. [198]
uS ‏ܐܘ‎ asa 36 3E οἷς Tuus. ὌΝ JS κοι e ® Le ᾧ
GUY uel όν < sei De 5 Y) di ir à abs a :
El auc] uh ` ( dei ‏ܕܘܐ" ܝ ܘܕܢ‎ Le ‏ܦܢܘ‎ QU ὁ Li αὶ ὁ ‏ܐܝܫ‎
‎Se WR EL ul ‏ܠ‎ - 0 DX dus ‏ܪ‎ ἳ- Go à
ω- : c oM ‏ܣ‎ gas εως Las 1. RAM δι 5
ds ‏ܐܝܚܘ‎ G CLE ‏ܩܪܐ‎ pas Ces συλ Ma Qul d "ine, SUM ὁ
Lis ‏ܬܠܝܣܢ‎ X ‏ܐܠܝܥ‎ cl cm

0 ο Ml uns QU 0 out di ὁ o6 Gil X
Ul EN LI 55. ‏ܘܕܨ‎ nb ‏ܕܐܨ‎ σοῦ ον ecl; OUI due οὐ Lau CoL
«όν ο ‏ܚܢ‎ Gy UN ‏ܟܬܐ‎ a Li us Gil ul ο ο. AR Les

LOEO CUS, — 2. E add. RSS NT Fo add. ses. -- 3. E om. with 2 foll. wds.
. Vom. — 5. E om. to as. — 6. B ls DF s G lua. — 7. E om. to , zMI

add. EN ‏ܐܫ‎ a ode sos. — 8, ADG Ce BF ies. — 9. F om. to esl add.
< ‏ܨ‎ m — 10. ABEG m υ “1.

at Alexandria With all decoration and adornment. The times were propitious
towards him, and the authorities respected hin, and enabled him to carrv ont
his desires, and accepted liis opinion, and did not hinder him from anything
that he wished; and tho orthodox people obeved him, and the Clinreh
enjoved tranquillity and peace in his davs. He did not cease from doing
good, and his ehiel care was lor the building of the eliurelies of Alexandria,
so that he raised à great monument to himsell in this city. His conduct was
admirable, so that the hereties at Alexandria were jealous of him, according
to the custom of those aecursed ones in dealing with the orthodox, even 1
matters relating to the Faith, especially in the days of this holv John,
because they. beheld his good works in the Church and in all the churches at
Alexandria with glory and honour.

The liar, who was at that tine the father of the hereties, was a person
named Politian. Le was a skillul physician, and the princes of Islam used
to treat him with flavour on account of his art. And he did not evase to
speak of our Tather Joli with words of jealousy. But God, who kuows that
whiel is secret, was raising αρ this man day after day, and the sweet odour
of his teaching reached. all the people. Therefore those who loved. God
took thought and said : « We will hand over to hin our. money, that he
may build with it the churches of Alexandria, as à memorial for us and. [or
