[481] PT. I. CH. XIX. MENNAS I, À. D. 767-774. 367
Sp ΟΝ olei ΟἹ le ‏ܘܨܨ‎ Cisl ‏ܕܐܢܫܐ‎ &! ον ila chi ‏ܘܚܨܧܘ̄‎ cali
ΔΙ 435» à Ds «e obl iu Pe ail ὁ axe 466 a. ὁς UG ὦ
FISCI TETTE ‏ܘ‎ JE OU E
(£e wo ‏ܐܘ‎ US Db oue ο) ids οἱ AME JU oss ‏ܘ‎ κου 26% Tas
ue 4 KS ce ‏ܘܐ‎ qui Puel eL dali s U ue «εἷς ob ‏ܘܩܝܨ‎ ule
bud pas LA < cem ice Sol dl 56 ul ds ‏ܝ‎ οἱ
le a ut σὺ Ai lude Lg Aus 4 ‏ܐܟ‎ e Toy Ge Bc des
‏ܐܚܪܘ‎ μξ οἱ ‏ܐܚܨ (ܐܝܐܬܚً ܢܫܘ ܧܐܨܨܐ ܦܵܐ ܘܕܢ ܒܸܨܐ܀ ܥ‎ Ον) EIC RES
eU Pacs
ο μον uk μις go es ‏ܨ‎ ὦ ES

L1 ΡΕ La 396 — 2. ABDEG os, F add. 3. ABEG EL DF

Qj. — 4. BEG add. 2435. — 5. E om. to st, — 6. EG om. 9.

quickly and went to meet him rejoicing, imagining that he was her son:
and more wonderful than this is the fact that Satan removed from her heart
the grief that she had felt for her sou. Therefore Peter remained with the
prince and his wife in the palace some months, while they looked upon his
face and were consoled by his presence. And God granted him favour with
them, so tha! the prince said : « If thou hast any need, make it known to
me, that | may satisfy it for thee ». Then Peter told him what we related
above, and after a stay of tliree months in the palace prayed the prince to
send him to Egvpt, and to wriie a decree lor him appointing him pairiareh
over Egvpt, and to give him authority over the patriarch Abba Mennas and
his bishops, that he might do with them what was wanted. In vompliance
with thix request, the prince drew up for Peter a document, addressed to
the governor of Egvpt at thai time, whose name was Ibn Abd ar-Rahmän,
directing him to do for Peter whatever he might bid him do. Then Peter
gave orders that a cap should lie made for him of splendid and priceless
material; and his name was written upon it in Arabic letters thus : « Peter,
patriarch of Egypt ». And besides his own name the name ol the prince
also was written upon it; for Peter added in his folly, after putting his
own name first : « And servant of the prince ».

As soon as Peter arrived ai Misr, he gave the document to ihe governor,
who, after he had read it, sent and summoned the holv patriarch Abba
