[483] PT. 1. CHI. XIX. MENNAS I, À. D. 767-774. 369
Que» 4 di Ci dier ‏ܕܠ‎ dois ds Le pe dell dé Db cil
2 σον, - αὶ ἰῷ ΟἹ el AA CN due Le Ge Y Gil plea
pi ὁ JG LS LA SUL. ei ‏ܐܘ ܘܵܙ‎ ο ECC ele ο)
Qe at gs ues οἱ ὙἹ ‏ܘܐ&‎ ne RES ‏ܐܥܥ‎  Y Gold Jet als JG ‏ܘܐ‎
‎δὲ de dés Aa ds ce des de ‏ܐܠܘ‎ jé ‏ܐܚܝ ܘܐ‎ D dl a

at ΟὟ (ous Y Bes dé ‏ܘܘ ܐܟܠܐܫܨ‎ ὃν mul La JE ‏ܐܪ‎ ae Al
ab ‏ܚܝܕ‎ Vie LE Lys Day ‏ܐܚܕ‎ Lu de dy oil MAS Wet ce uus ὡς
4$! Gil JEUN ‏ܘܕܨ‎ ρα TL ‏ܙ‎ (| dt exil C50 Ui, ολο) «νε
Los Ji JB Ji el, ui μὲ ex SUL μοὶ lé ét
QUAE ZE gos at JS dl 6 Ji ‏ܟܨ‎ ls ul ‏ܕܐܐܟܐܧܘ̄ ܝܨ‎ ad

I. DF om. to 7" E om. to 6 add, 0 — 2. E om. to JL add. JG e
Juss cR ‏ܪܘ ¥ + ܐܝܟ‎ Bt UU,

thee to dispute with him concerning that which he shall command thee
to do. » Thereupon the valiant one, who had no fear of the awfulness of
earthly princes, the truth-speaking Abba Mennas, looked up into the face
of the new Judas, | mean Peter the deacon, who relied upon worldly
power, and believed himself to be invested with the authority of the patriar-
chate, and said to him : « Good is that which the true gospel! says
concerning thee : None shall receive honour from himself unless it be given
lin from heaven by God. But hear what God says concerning thee and
those that act like thee, declaring what thou deservest, where our Lord
Christ says with his pure mouth? : Every tree which my heavenly Father
plants not shall be eut down and rooted up. — So this name shall be taken
away from thee, and thou shalt die in poverty an evil death ». Then that
fool auswered him, and said to the holy father : « Do now what 1 command
theo, that thou mayest escape the punishment, which 1 shall otherwise inflict
upon thee, until | learn that thou dost resist the prince's mandate ».
And the vile wretch turned and said to tlie governor: « Instead of answering
that as he hears so he will obey the prince's command, behold, he utters
words which mean that he prays God to strip me of the authority which
the prince has conferred upon me. » ‘Then the governor answered and
said to the patriarch ‏ܐ‎ « Do not oppose the command of the prince, bnt
perform what le ordains. » Mennas replied : « 1 will do so with joy, that

1. S. John, nr, 27; virt, 55. — 2. S. Matth., xv, 13.
