[4911 PT. 1. CH. ‏ܠ(‎ MENNAS I, A. D. 767-774. 377
dé «λε ον e GO um E El ‏ܛܢ‎ nus 90 ΣῪ} μὰ ui Rs
Sade ad σύ! À ob odas ge JS d oos OY eun ger ge
ΠΝ ολ...
xe fb UE Je ‏ܐܚܨ‎ ὁ se ‏ܚܝܨܢ‎ Ὅ cu Gd ule Y dl GUY ο au
‏ܚܐ‎ pl ὡς Lits LL dic. ‏ܨ ܘܟܝܨ ܕܦ‎ ἀχὸ κάν ve ὡς cel
‏ܐ‎ Ji deoa Wall αἱ ολο Le de Gel GS dine Jé Eu
gt L als οὗ ὁ JG ο (5 75 Le 4 EU Bit Gt ο
‏ܒ‎ LM De JE, De νο a nes SI ο...
CH JE cun ὧν zh SAU! 0 die ἐδ Jijel um de | llle
ο JU ο) dit AU de ‏ܐܨ‎ ue ο JE RU ces cuba! ὡς LS

1. Mss, add. | zo. — 2. ABG < DE |. — 3. Fadd. Ji — ἀν E add. VaL.
— 5. Mss, GTS — 6. F om. with foll. wd. — 7. E om. with two foll. wds. — 8. E

om. to ‏ܐܨ .800 ܐܨܨ‎ ωϑ Et gb) ‏ܥ ܨ‎

so that his soul may live. For Satan at all times drags down to Hell those
who obey him ».

Now Satan, the hater of good, filled him who was in prison with evil
designs and bad notions, and suggested foul thoughts in his heart concerning
the patriareh and concerning the bishops and the Church for his sake. And
at the end of tlirec years, w hile Peter was still in prison, Ihn. Abd ar-
Rahman, tlie governor, was removed from Egypt, and anotlier was sent
thither. When the new governor arrived at Al-Fustàt, he examined the
prisons that he might learn what was the offence of every prisoner; and so,
as soon as the case of Peter was reported to him, he commanded that Peter
should he brought before him. And the governor recognised Peter on
seeing him, and said to him : « Art tliou not he whom the prince despatched
to Egypt at such a time?» Île replied : « Yes, T am he ». "Then the
governor asked him : « What befell thee, aud cut off the memory of thee
from before the prince, so that thon becamest as oue dead? » Thereu-
pon Peter answered by acensing the patriarch and Ibn Abd ar-Ralhman, the
goveruor lately. disinissed, of committing great crimes, and added : « For
he left the prince's ediet without elect, and kept me in prison three years ».
And Peter brought many charges against the Christians and the Chureh.
The governor said to him : « Thou shalt depart to the prince's court, ΟΠ
will send thee to him ». Peter replied : « That is well; for snch is my
