392 ISTORY OF ΤΗΕ PATRIARCIIS. [506]
Qno dés ορ «ua $us Y SU οὐ sl se des Ge ¥ καὶ ail
AE deas οἱ ὕ par ‏ܐܡܝܢ ܕܠ‎ Ge em mpl ον be Sas! οἱ ον
ol e ΤΩΣ ‏ܐܘ‎ dux ‏ܐܪ‎ λος ‏܀‎ CAR ‏ܕܐܨ‎ o6 ‏ܝܐ‎ CS! cs SA. o,
πο “οὐ JO tal ο Δ᾽ ue 5 - SY Οἱ eal
Fe tulis Me een 9 ull dos Iu CUL ‏ܠܨܘ ܕܘܒܼܫܐܨܐܐ ܐܨ‎ JS Sas
‏ܚܕܕ‎ et UR ‏ܕܐܨ‎ ede Tos ρί LS ο lus ‏ܕܐܐܨܨܰܚܐܘ‎ dé dil ce
o, ad ES ela io. ALL ‏ܕܐܐܗܝܕܟܢ‎ doy ο) alz3yl Sous ‏ܩܕ‎
‎sa ο Cl nel ly ul de Jn oui ch ὁ Ai ‏ܝܨ‎ ἂν»
Us Ub paul Syl le oll m or eh DUE ρου ui ἢν
O^ or uu at κὰδ DUE age era ere Ul RS de pis ‏ܐܕ‎

1. DF prefix ` ‏ܓ‎ — 2, DF om. — 3. D - 5 m Fast S sb». — 4, DF
om. — 5. E om. to s. — 0. F xs. UNI ol és. — 7. BDFG om. with foil. wd.;

E om. to Lui,

And he began to exhort them in tlie words of the prophet David to his son! :
« Turn not tliy face [rom the poor, and then the Lord will not turn his face
from thee ». He quoted also the saving ol another prophet? : « Alms saves
from death, and raises from Hell, and does not suffer a man to enter into
darkness ». Île reminded them also of that which Paul wrote to Timothy
his son, saving to him? : « Charge the rich in this world that they be not
proud, bnt that they place their trust in God, who gives riches to each oue,
that they may have enough of all things, and may lay for themselves a lonu-
dation, in order that tliev may take hold of the true life ». And he admonislied
them with these and other Words, until. ilie rich men and the oflicials
emulated his works, and began to do as he advised them with their money:
and noue of them was baekward in giving alms, nor in visiting the widows
and orplians and prisons and taking to them food and clothing; and so also
they did Tor the elergv and the poor... Aud many of the ollieials had fallen
into poverty at this time, and they also were assisted. Aud Mark used to
entertain straugers, But at last the Lord took pily on his people and
relieved. them of the dearth, through the pravers of tlie holy father, Abba
John.

At that time the patriareli of Autioch, Abba George, went to his rest.
Aud a holy man, named Cyriaens, was appointed in his place by a dispen-

| 0.0 ανν 7. — 2, Tob., iv, 10 (117 — 3. 1 0 vi, 17, 10.
