[503] PT. 1. CH. XIX. JOIN IV, A. D. 775-799. 389
OM ‏ܠ‎ οἱ gl 6 DAS C oun! eue is, pui
GO fes Me dés ie ‏ܬܫܐ‎ LL, DLL eel. el «ἽἹ DELA ae Los Ul
Les Ul OM pe kdl ‏ܢܒ ܐܠܘ‎ Ὁ des ‏ܐܟܢܐ‎ il tt ‏ܝܬܐܢ‎ eu οἷο,
o6 LS ὕω QU οὐ JeY uus ολ c ον) ὦ Ge Lt dati
35 dep dé mule LS LAS ‏ܚܕܘ‎ dS es Li SX dé là τὸ oeil
(0 4 6 e à EC "^ al uns pate ds ils Jin ‏ܗ‎ dis BL ‏ܕ‎
‎sl ‏ܫ‎ DENM d : 3 ‏ܕ‎ Jes ὧι 55 dl Je loas ‏ܝ‎ Qu
° AN ‏ܕ ]ܝܬ‎ E £ dE Els οὖν Ua HG οὐ Cla, ‏ܝܝ‎
‎d Vaf, au LS Lis RUE ‏ܝܐܐ‎ ὦ, Ul SYL οἱ EU οὐ de
0- 0 RUE Pris ‏ܝ‎ νο...

1. ABDFG - — 2. E om. to ‏ܝ‎ add. pl, ‏ܒ ܒܝ‎ At ss. — 3. F el.
— ^. ABDG add. 3 S: NE se, — 5. E bot Les blu. — 6. E om. with 2 foll.
wds. F & SNL JU.

the building grew and advanced daily. ‘fhen Satan whispered to the [heart
of the lyiag heretie, the ehief of the believers in the Two Natures, that he
should accuse the father, Abba John, before the governor of occupying
buildings belonging to the government and turning them into churches.
This charge was brought bv that heretie in envy, that he might stop the
building, like the Challeans who desired to put an end to the building οἱ
the holy honse of God. — But the father, Abba John, endured patiently and
suffered greatly through that which was done to him by that liar, and was
forced on account of it to pay a heavy fine to the government. And the
wretch rejoiced thereat, and aceused Abba John of all sorts of evil deeds and
of lies. And as often as his enemies beheld him growing and increasing day
by day, while liis people were orthodox, and his teaching was uninterrupted,
aud his churches were flourishing, aud lie also continued to build and restore
in the churches, then they grew vet more wrathful. But they could not
resist the power of God, and were as the Chaldeaus with regard to the
temple of Jerusalem, when God. brought their efforts to nought; for su he
did likewise in this case, scattering the conusel of the hereties, those new
Jews. For by the mercy of the. Lord Ghrist, he put it into the heart of
the governor to command the father, Abba John, to finish the ehurch and
furuish it as he desired. So he completed the church in the space οἱ live
years, and eousecrated it in the name of the Archangel Michael. This

PATh. OR. — T. X, — τὶ ὃς 37

25
