362 IHSTORY OF TUE PATRIARCHS. 1476]
ae out ο ue Sa "νι! CU ge ies Lai loue OUS es
ASLyb Le Ul se gib ud ld ‏ܓ‎ 39b ‏ܐܪܘ ܐܕܨ‎ GU Cus ον ‏ܠܘ ܝ‎
ων DU. Dali ‏ܦܬܐ‎ és des QU A ὃν ot ‏ܦܬܐ‎ δυό ‏ܘܚܠ‎ ὁ il
ΕΘΝ, Ἢ ὁ οὐ ολο κυ CA ὧν em Suites
‏(ܐ ܐܡܟ‎ del UN su JE US οὐ d JUS Le Ul Lt τῷ Ke ‏ܦܨ‎
‎A des té uie ‏ܡ ܐܨ‎ oum ‏ܘܳܐ‎ tóm Ys es Lu d ‏ܠܝܟ‎ (
01 Lt ‏ܙ‎ ± Ul | 9 ο) US ὦ se io C$ he ca
ὦ» EARS secl he Lu ‏ܧܐܝܨܐ‎ jm 4 ο Vb οἱ «πι ὁ Ji eiue
V ule ‏ܐܐܐܪ‎ dl Lus. Uds XSU yl S dsl SAN ‏ܐܢܬ‎ Gil ‏ܕܐܨ‎ sy
AUS ‏ܐ‎ de ‏ܘܐܠ‎ 4 ue ‏ܝܬܘ ܛܘ‎ dba enl Jess dt dud ie cà dé
. ABDG (πὲς E uos. — 2. E om. to a add. un E Μα.

ου cue

—&F πο. 3 - 4. F om. with foll. wd. — 5. F om. to sm. — 6. Mss. Jos.

— ?, E om. to γνῶ add. ‏ܘܬܬ‎ NI Ἰδὲ sb. — 8. ΠΕ om.

But after a time Satan, the hater of good, raised up a trial for the
blessed father. For he spoke by the tongue of a deacon and monk named
Peter, in whom he took up his abode, that he might suggest to him great
erimes of whieh Abba Mennas and the bishops under lis see might be
aceused. This deavon and monk was a native of a village called Dasimah,
and had been spiritual son to Abba Michael, now at rest, and was brought
up in his cell. And the hater of good put into his heart the thought of
solieiting a bishoprie, though he was not worthy of it, from our father,
Abba Meunas. But the father answered him as Peter the \postle replied
to Simon the magician, saying ! : « lle has no lot nor share with us. »
Then the dencun would not eudure this treatment, but embarked in a ship,
aud departed. to Syria. And when he arrived there, he composed letters,
falsely purporting to be addressed ὃν Abba Mennas to the patriarch of the
Svrians, Abba George, patriarch of. Autioch, and to his bishops and me-
tropolitans. saving in those letters that groai trouble and persecution and
distress had been caused ta the Chureh in Egypt hv the governors. For
Peter was skilled in the art of writing letters to. patriarchs and. metropoli
tans and bishops. δὸ when the patriareh of. Antioch. had roud the letters,
he received Peter with great joy, beeause he said that he was the envoy
of the. patriarch's brother, the. patriarch of Alexandria. And the patriareh

1. Acts, vini 21.
