[489] PT. 1. CI. XIX. MENNAS 1, A. D. 767-774. 375
‏ܐܡܝܟ‎ d p d cole Gu ss Quy VI el uem ‏ܝܕܨ‎ cle LA ed dui,
(VE ue où GA aub ‏ܐܦܕܘ‎ dus élit agn ‏ܐܨ‎ SUP Jes de dé
Jie Ων. Mas οἷν ‏ܙܐ ܐܬܳܐ‎ STU ‏ܫ‎ Jé o ol eX Lé UG US οὖν
Mem ¥ 4 JE dé AU ‏ܘܕܨ‎ ux) οἱ} ο Re ‏ܕܠܐ‎ AGLI sls
Ι 9 3 pi ΟἹ J4& Cad cu ‏ܐ‎ USES ‏(ܐܝܟܝܐ ܟܢ‎ pie Ma duc οἱ ἐν
SMS Fa UN am GU cal UL uie CU E uud τὸ ll ud
ges OD Ay ‏ܐܢܒ‎ GI ‏ܐ‎ JUS ‏ܐܘ‎ οὗ dab! οἱ) ‏ܠܠܡܬܢ‎ dll Ji ὁ JS
‏ܝܕܨ ܐܠܘ ܐܢܐ‎ Al sh ‏ܝܕ ܦܬܐ‎ μα Ge M de Lis él ‏ܐܨ‎
‎EN d A as d ΟἹ ael JE Pues eu ‏ܐܬܐܦ‎ des Y Ma Len ‏ܚܢ‎ OM
Rs Gel um es ο) (οἱ s es DE LUI οἷς ‏ܛ‎ LG ul ὦ-

LE 20 < — 2. E om. to ὦ

add. (iem ‏ܟܶܢ‎ nouem i P ot

G3. — 3. E om. to cz Xo. — 4. F om. to Eam
c

5. ABDG ee.

prison, and he repeated his claims, at last the Lord looked upon the sighs
of his pure oues, and worked a miraele; and he who has tlie power to repay
took vengeance. We have already remarked that the goveruor favoured the
Christians. Yet although he saw that contemptible person perseeuting the
patriarch and bishops, he could not hinder him, because he feared the prince,
but could only urge npou him that it was not lawful for him to act so with
the chief of the. Christians. A last Peter answered : « Dost thou also call
that man the head. of the Christian community, and ignore the prince's
deeree? Then 1 will go to the prinec, and let him know that thou hast
deprived me of the diguity which he coulerred upou me ». Then, when
Peter said this, the words! of Solomon the Wise were fulfilled in him :
« À fool's tongue is ἃ snare 1ο him ». For the governor exelaimed :
« Thou desirest to depart to the prince, in order to tell lies to him against
me, and present ἃ calumnious report against me in accordance with what
hou hast said and done with regard to this old man who fears God. Now
after this day | will no longer sulfer thee to behold the light of the sun,
but all men shall know that Gol has exaeted justice from thee. for this old
man ». Accordingly the governor gave orders that very hour that Peter
should be taken away to prison, and thrown iuto the dungeon, and. that
his hands and feet should be 0 9 with iron, and he be kept there

1. Prov., xvni, 20.
