376 HISTORY OF THE PATRIARCIIS. [490]
‏ܗ‎ qAE, De EN AER QUU ‏ܡ‎ ee d'a Lies eos ex ὁ sae
JE uS io) ‏ܐܠܐܘ ܣ‎ À ‏ܐܕܐ‎ ἄπ» or MEUM AL. yl eu v 2
uus él ‏ܠܐܨܢ‎ de ‏ܕ(‎ ον ον ‏ܨܐܐܝ‎ Δ᾽ ΟἹ ‏ܐܨ‎ dal
se - 4 el - Qi - XJ SM ¬ a ab at
Qa. nv? όλος A Jezall he £ ‏ܒ‎ Le > A um efe
oic
Ca. dé λε d! hama πὰ Gb QE des) Bou UE YE oss
he ὦ» «9 μὰ ‏ܢܕ‎ dés ‏ܐܨ ܢܫܘ‎ Let ‏ܐܢܒܨ‎ uu X uas στ eai
Xu ab Ji Le Cola So ei Lt Gi SE UE ‏ܐܠܨ‎ uds

=

$ ‏.ܐܙܘ‎ to Eus add, Eat ‏,ܐ — ,ܒܬܐ‎ E
gh AS At ‏ܘܬܬ ܕܐܘ ܝܢ‎ la ak
— ‏ܝܢ ܢ‎
"±

1. E om. to ο ο...)

M

om. to St, add. ps | cs ον ‏ܝ ܒܝ‎
‏ܕܐܨ ܕܥܒ‎ oe use EU ‏ܕܐܐ ܢܝܚ‎ el, BEN, El,

in a narrow place. So Peter remained in this condition three vears. At
ilie same lime the governor gave orders to release the militant patriarch
aud bishops from punishment. η they. began to praise God and to sav :
« As the. prophet 180108 ' says : God destroys the counsel of the adversaries
and liypoerites; and the Lord will not forsake those that trust in him, those
who fear God. Now is fulfilled the word of the prophet Malachias? in us :
Ye who fear my name, upon you the Sun. of Righteousness shall shine.
Go forth, rejoicing like calves released to their mothers. And ye shall
iread dowu the hypoerites ».

Then the father departed to Alexandria; and there he eutered the ehurel
with joy. Aud. the Alexandrians. glorified God. with publie thanksgivings.
And. Abba Meunas oceupied himself with tlie eare of Christ's lock. and the
administration ol the. ‏ܐ‎ See, through the grace which was with
him. Yet in spite ol all this he was sad on aceount of that poor misérable
sinner, who had given up his soul to. death by. sin. Aud Abba Mennas
prayed to God, saying : « Thon art the mereiful. God who saidst? : 1 desire
not the death of a stuner, so much as that he should return and be converted.
Therelure thou, O Lord, wilt save the soul of this other man, that he may
not die in sin... Rather save him, that he may repent and weep for his error,

1. Ps. vin, 10; xix, 3. — 2, Mal, i, 20 1, 2. 3. Ezech., xxxii, 11,
