[493] PT. 1. CU. XIX. MENNAS | À. D. 767-775. 370
dee ue) dé «de lg J mul ob quid de LG SH ab as LU
able «lel ‏ܕܬ‎ i3 ‏ܦܨܐ‎ al δ sad οἱ ον 9539 ot ule dés Gil SUMI
Όρο 3 5 uio LE ol 557 Loge phare Le ὅλῳ
Ds pond ‏ܐܠܘ‎ Lm u$; ὦ il Gb Ge fs ol ah ο ος d
GA ‏ܐܝ‎ ο UE ὙΌΣ HE us Gels ‏ܐܙ‎ EU ‏ܠܨ‎ uoa ο.
Us Y ‏ܠܐܨܢ‎ GUI ‏܀ ܐܨ‎ lent eme ur GU Eu ‏ܠܐܟܝܨܢܝ̈‎ be οὐκ SON ὁ
οἱ λα Ge bal d ‏ܘܨ‎ cd el di kil de  Y GA ο)
Viu ‏ܢܐܬܚ̈ܨܐ‎ GJ EN qne οἱ oe JU ass AY El $asJb QUI
Aie ‏ܕܦܨ‎ LAS ‏ܘܨܛ ܩܬܐ‎ ques sym bles ou ge JE ‏ܠܐܨܢ‎ oues ‏ܐܟܳܢ‎
‎ο ο Qi ο DS RUE UE ο...

1. E om. to E P — 3. F add. Alo. — 3. E om. to SL ee! add. με

et ps GTS Le se.
c

« Contemptible is the man who trusts in à man. » For in shame he
departed to his native town: but as soon us his (amily and kinsmen and
acquaintances saw him, he was hated amd detested among them like the
Jews who slew their Lord. And they began to reproaeh him, saying :
« Ah thou that art become a son of Satan, and hast strayed from the war
of life, where hast thou left the fear of God and of Ilell, and the voice of
our Creator pronouncing the terrible sentence" : Whosoever shall deny
me before men, him will ] deny before the Father who is in lleaven?
"Thou hast rejected this true voice, and therefore thou shalt licar instead. of
it? : Take lim away to the fire which is not queuched aud the worm
which sleeps not. This shall be the reward of thy apostasy. To thee
will be spoken also his words addressed to those like theo? : Depart
from me, ve eursed, into the fire kindled and prepared for the Devil and
his hosts. Then it will be said io thee that, instead of ihe bishopric
whieh thou didst demand, there is the gain of rebellion, aud instead of the
Spiritual Paradise thou last. earned the foulness of apostasy. » And Peter
had to listen to many. such reproaehes every day, filled. with sorrow and
shame. At last he went away. to the hishops of Egvpt, whom he had
afflicted with such torments; and he legged them to pray to God for him

1. S. Matth., x, 33; ef. 8. Mark, viu, 38; S. Luke, ix, 26. — 2. S. Mark., ix. 445
l5., © 24. — 3. S. Matth, xxv. 5
