At vb.

ps

270 JOHN OF EPHESUS. 7270]

low ‏ܡܫܟܚ‎ où ‏ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܘܣܛܛܢܐ ܫܒܝܩ‎ socie cS. ‏ܕܝܢ܂ ܐܡܪ ܠܝ. ܕܡܿܢ‎ on

ܡܶܢ ܕܝܢ ‎ο ο‏ ܦܘܪܣܐ ܕܠܐ ‎gas‏ "ܥܠܠܬܐ ‎le‏ ܡܠܬ
ܐܦܢ ܟܡܐ ܢܙܕܗܪ ܐܢܫ ܒܢܦܢܗ. ܡܛܠ ‎RL Mu‏ ܛܥܝܘܬܐ ܟܕܝܢ. ܡܛܠ
ܗܕܐ ܦܘܡܝ ܒܟܐܦܐ ܗܕܐ" ܣܟܝܪ ‎ON‏ ܕܠܐ ܢܫܪܥܢܝܫ ‎ἌΝ‏ ܒܕܒܝܢܚ ܐܘ ܕܠܐ
ܒܕܒܝܢܝ. ܟܕ ܐܠܗܐ ‎omes‏ ܕܝܘܡܢܐ ‎Lis‏ ܚܡܫ ° ܐܝܬ ܠܟܐܦܐ ܗܕܐ ܒܦܘܡܝ..
ܕܠܐ ܪܓܝܫ ܒܗ̇ ܐܢܫ ܡܢ ‎eis‏ ܐܢܫܐ ܐܠܐ ܐܢ ܙܥܘܖ̈ܐ ܕܐܝܬ ` ‎Sas Los‏
ܕܗܼܘ ‎‘fa‏ ܢܝܢܐ ‎RSS‏ ܘܐܢܬ ‎Jos.‏ ܝܠܝܼܦܬ܂. ‎x‏ ܐܠܗܐ ‎SN.‏ ܠܝ ܕܐܩܘܡ
ܥܡܟ ̇. ܐܢ ܒܝܽܘܡܝ ‎eis cS A‏ ܐܢܫܐ ‎Jo Che‏ ܠܡ" ܬܣܟܪ

fes foe ‏ܐܝܬ ܗܢܐ‎ wg? "ams Nee sal y ‏ܠܚܘܕ‎ ° Lt hos

ܕܣܕܚ̈ܡܢ"! ‎Lohss κ ο λος η‏ 11 ܘܠܐ ܢܬܬܪܥܘܢ ܒܡܠܬܐ. ܟܕ
ܕܝܢ ܬܡܿܡܚܗ ܗܽܘܝܬ ܒܗܕܐ܂. ܐܦܝܚܣܬܗܼ ‎νὰ [Ἢ Page‏ ܕܥܠ ‎Pat‏ ܐܡܝܪ
ܠܝ ܡܟܝܠ ܒܪܝ ܕܬܚܚܘܡܐ ‎Mic‏ ܠܟ ܫܡܥ. ‎FLE Jso‏ ܒܙܒܢ ܒܩܕܠܝ ‎MIS S‏
‎ο.‏ ܐܡܛܘܠ ܕܝܢ ܕܡܬܚܙܝܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܫܪܝܬܗ. ܘܥܠ ‎ond‏ ܚܠܦ

LOBowemae ‏ܗܘܐ‎ -- ὃς D ‏ܒܝܢܝܢܫܐ ܗܘ‎ ἂν Β ‏ܚܚ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܬܐܬܐ‎ αν À ‏ܐܐ ܘ — .ܕܕ ܨܝܢܢ‎ οἵη, το ὃν Β
‏ܕܡܘ ܛ ,7 — .ܦܥܘܡܪܐ ܗܢܐ‎ — δὶ ἘΞ ge be. — ὃς Bins fS — 10, À eem. — IL D om. e. —
Iz, B Nes. — τὸ Mes. om. cop. — Lu D es lego. — d. B See.

without a stom » Ile said to me το One who is alone and whom Satan

leaves to himself ean do so: but in the ease of one who is amoug many
cceasions inust. necessarily eall aud speech come. however mueli guard ἃ mau
&e p over himsclf, because our will is bound to the yoke of forgetfulness.
Aud for this reason 1 have closed my mouth with this stone, lest mr tongue
with. e against my will eause me to slip: wlule God knows that to-day tliis
sos e bun five vears in my mouth without any person being aware of
toux ‏)ܐ‎ 3:1 w who are in this eonvent wlio have adopted this plan. And, for
you. who hiv learnt it. I shall stand with vou before God. if men learn this
lurmiz the davs of my life. Aud, that vou may not think that ! alone have
depted this practice, there are now fifteen persons ἐπροσωπονὶ in this monastery
we stones placed in their mouths, that thev may be trained to silence,
TOpdnopeeelo». While marvelling at this. |: made request to him

| £ 0 on his hand also. lle said to me : « Now that I have laid

1 ` vou, my son, listen. This emblem I had formerly tied to

3 was visible to many, ] undid it. and tied it to my

