[2231 LIVES OF TWO MOXKS. 223

ܗܠܝܢ ܚܙ ܐܘܗܝ ‎lasso‏ ܡܿܪܥܬܝܢ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܩܝܼܪܒ ܘܚܕܬܡ ܐܢܘܢ.. ܘܒܪ ܫܥܬܗ
‎axe]‏ ܐܢܫܐ ܗܠܝܢ ‏ ܡܢ ܗܺܝ ‎Άν‏ ܘܘܬܢܚܘ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܟܢܫܐ ܠܬܡܢ
ܕܡܿܪܥܬܝܢ ܨܐܝܒܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܓܒܪ̈ܐ ܘܢܬܶܐ܂. ‎JR Le‏ 3 ܘܟܘܠ ܡܘ̈ܢܟܢ. ܘܡܢ
ܗܝܕܝܢ ‎e ‘los Léon Lai]‏ ܕܢܦܘܩ". ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܠܒܝܬ ܣܗ̈ܕܐ ܚܕ ܙܥܘܪܐ
ܕܥܒܪ ܡܢ ܬܪܥܐ ‎ass‏ ܗܘܐ ܂. ܘܡܿܠܐ ܗܘܐ ‎«οἱ‏ ܘܡܬ ܬ ܠܗܘܢ ‎ndo‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܚܕ
ܚܕ. ܘܬܘܒ ‎J|‏ ܡܬܢܟܝܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܒܢܝ̈ܢܫܐ ܐܗܠܝܢ ܕܢܦܩܝܢ ܗܘܗ ܡܢܗܘܢ':
ܘܗܟܢܐ܂ ܠܐ ܡܢܝܬܐ° 54 ‎«le Jeo‏ ܗܘܘ ‎LAM‏ ܘܫܩܢ 000 20 ‎4le‏
‏ܠܗ ܠܐ 9 ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܠܡܦܩ. ܒܠܚ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ.. ܕܢܐܙܠܝܘܢ
ܢܬܓܗܢܘܢ ܒܗܽܘ ‎Aus‏ ܣܗ̈ܕܐ ܥܕܡܐ ‎«asus‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎«οἱ‏ ܗܘܘ ° ܟܕ ‎ess‏
‏ܘܡܬܔܓܗܢܝܢ ‎s. INS xo joo |οόι NI aol ooo‏ ܠܐ ܡܡܪܚ ܗܘܐ ܚܕ

ܡܢܗܘܢ ܕܢܬܦܕܫܛ ‎Apt) οἱ‏ ܡܝܢ ܬܡܢ ܥܕܡܐ ܕܢܦܩ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܣܓܝܕܘ
ܠܗܘܢ ‎ve‏ ܠܬܡܝܢ ‎gras‏ ܗܼܘ̈ܝ ܠܗܝܢ ܡܬܬܙܝ̈ܥܢܘܬܐ ‎vx)‏ ܠܘܩܒܠ

1. Doit Jo ‏ܚܙܐܘܗܝ‎ 39. — 2, B om. — 3. D «931 ‏ܘܕܠܫܐ ܕܡܪܥܬܝܢ ܠܬܡܢ‎ IIR s «59 «35,
Lp ‏ܗܘܘ. ܥܡ‎ — 4. B low. — 5. B ins. qel Qe. — 6. B. 4x9» — 7. À Veo. — 8, ΤῈ eme — 9, 1
ins. ‏ܗܘܘ‎ — 10, À om.

depart hence". And, when under great pressure he went out, these persons
saw him, and began to foam; and he came up aud made the sign over them,
and immediately these persous were liealed from that hour, and they departed.
And thenceforth a multitude used to repair thither loaming, men and women,
and boys and girls, and all ages; and from that time he was under the neces-
sity (xvéyer) of going out. But he on his side would go out to a certain small
martyrs” chapel outside the gate, and would fill it; and he would put them
to silence and drive them out one by one; and the persons from whom they
came out no longer suffered from them. — And thus he would drive them out
in countless numbers; and they would come outside and cause annoyance,
and ery out. And, il it was uot in his power to come out, he would send
them an order to go and lie down in that martyrs! chapel till he came out.
And thus they would go away foaming, and would lie down there; and, if
lie waited two days, none of them dared to stretch himself out or to remove
from the place till he came out. But, when the numbers of those who used
to come there and eause annoyance increased, there were agitations there
against this blessed mau, both on the part of the inmates of bis monastery

*A53v b,
