[255] OF A POOR STRANGER. 255

‎vos‏ ܘܒܝܪܡ ‎D‏ ܘܗܝܕܝܢ ܬܐܙܠ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ‎ol‏ ܣܒܐ .. ‎ss‏ ܠܗ ܠܓܢܬܐ
‎SA:‏ ܘܟܕ ܐܢܐ ܗܠܝܢ ‎Άθὸ‏ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܡܢ ܐܝܠܝܢ ‎id‏ ܗܘܘ ‎D‏
‏ܢܦܩܬ ܒܬܪܗ. ܘܚܙܢܝ܂ ‎lle‏ ܐܢܐ ܕܝܢ܂ ܟܕ ‎Νάνα‏ ܐܥܒܕ ܥܡܗ ‎Jus‏ ܐܡܪܬ
ܠܗ. ܕܡܛܠ ܡܢܐ ‎Nono as!‏ ܡܝܢ ‎ey Lol‏ ܘܡܢ ܐܝܢܐ ܐܢܬ
ܥܘܡܪܐ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܡܚܕܐ ܬܘܒ ‎wA.‏ ܕܡܶܥܘܗܝ܂ ܘܫܝܠܐ. ܐܢܐ ܕܝܢ ‎Lis]‏ ܠܗ. ܕܠܐ
‎ass‏ ܐܢܐ ܠܝܟ ܐܸܢ ‎adum‏ ܐܢܬ ܘܠܝܼܒܕܗ ܕܡܫܝܚܐ ‎als‏ ܕܠܐ ܐܘܕܥܬܢܝ
ܕܡܛܠ ܡܢܐ ܒܪܡܫܐ ܘܗܢܐ ܥܠ ‎jaa‏ ܗܢܐ ‎«κας‏ ܗܐ ܐܡܼܪܚܬ.. ܕܐܓ ‎Jes‏
‏ܐܢܬ ܕܐܠܗܐ.. ܕܒܗܽܘ ܕܦܠܚ ܐܢܬ ‎ol oS‏ ܕܥܠ ܗܕܐ ‎elo‏ ܥܠ ‎pi‏
‎Nos‏ ܦܘܪܩܢܐ| )294 ܐܘܕܥܝܢܫ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ.. ܐܬܬܥܝܩ ܘܐܼܬܬܦܝܪ ܟܕ
‎λα. ο. x»‏ ° ܗܕܐ ܠܐ ܐܠܨܐ ܗܘܬ. ‎dex] Lilo‏ ܕܐܘܡܚܝܼܬ ;]34+ ܟܕ
ܐܢܬ ‎ems J‏ ܐܢܬ. ܗܝ ܕܝܢ ܗܼܘ ܣܟܐ ܒܡ̈ܡܘܡܬܐ ‎Jem μαρια]‏ ܕܢܥܒܕ̈ܢ
‎ΝΟ Lis‏ ܠܐ ܢܦܘܩ ܡܢ ܦܘܡܝܚ ܡܕܡ ‎τὸ»‏ ܠܝ . ‎solo‏ ܕܐܢܐ ܒܪܝ ܝܘܡܢܐ
ܒܬܘܠܡܕܐ ܗܢܐ ܬܠܬܝܢ ‎v‏ ܐܝܬ - ܘܒܗܠܝܢ ܢܝܐ .. ܠܐ ‎dh‏ ܠܝ ‎Join‏

‎4. Ms. βαϑαϑ. — 2, ὦ in erasure.

‎mandrite would not let him, saying, « Rest, our father, for five days and
bless us, and then vou shall go». And the old man, having been detained,
went out into the garden to walk; and I, having learned these things about
him from those who had been watching him, went out after him; and he
saw me, and stopped. And 1, beginning to enter into conversation witli
him, said to him : « Whlierefore, our father, did vou conceal from us what
kind of man you are, and from what convent vou come? ». But on his side
his tears at 01106 gushed forth again, and lie was silent. But 1 said to him:
« 1! you are a Christian and Christ's bondman, | will not let you depart,
unless you have informed me wherefore last evening and now you wept at
this question. 1 have presumed, if you are God's bondman, to adjure you
by him whom you serve, inform me about this and also about your modes
of life for the sake of my soul's salvation ». But the blessed man was
annoyed and indiguant, saying : « For such an adjuration there was no
need ». And Lon my side said τ « I made an adjuration that I inight. profit,
while you do not lose ». Then the old man laid an injunction upon me with
an oath that, until three years liad passed, no word should come out of my
month of what he would say to me »; and he said : « 1, my son, have tu-
day spent thirty years in this discipline; and during these years God will
