* 6? voi

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [276]‏ 276
ܘܡܚܝܕܐ ܬܒܝܼܘ܂ ‎uc Male‏ ܠܗܘܢ. ܘܗܢܐ ܐܡܪ. ‎ble‏ ܬܐܒ ‎bi‏ ܥܝܡܝܟ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ
‎sel‏ ܕܚܬܛܗܐ ‎V‏ ܡܪܝ ܢ. ܡܢ ܙܢܚܘܬܐ ‎Lao‏ ܘܡܪܝܪ. ܐܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܬܘܒ ܟܕ ܣܓܝ
‎Rail)‏ + ܪܥܝܢܝ܂ ܠܘܬ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܕܚܝ̈ܠܝܢ ܘܩܝܚ̈ܫܝܢ܇. ܕܣܛܢܐ 9 ܒܪܓܬܐ
‎au‏ ܘܚܐܢܩ ܠܒ̈ܢܝܢܫܐ ‎as‏ ܘܟܕ ‎Man,‏ ܥܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܐܡܿܪܬ ܠܗ. ܛܘܒܢܐ..
ܐܠܘܢ ܛܒܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ܂ ܘܡܪܚܚܡܬܐ. ܘܟܡܐ ܐܢ 3505 ܒܝܫ̈ܬܐ ܕܣܥܪ ܒܪܢܫܐ,. ܐܢ
‎maso [iles oq‏ ܒܬܪܥ 9-395 ‎Jes J|‏ ܠܗ. ܐܠܐ ܚܕܐ ܒܗܼ ܘܡܿܩܒܠ ‎oi‏
‏ܚܙܝ ‎οὐ‏ ܪܺܝܫ ܬܠܝܡ̈ܡܝܕܐ ‎HIS‏ ܫܡܥܘܢ.. ܠܝܘ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܒܒܝܥܬܐ ܕܟܦܘܪܝܐ
‎bonus‏ ܢܝܦܠ .. ܐܠܐ ‎e]‏ ܕܡܘ̈ܡܬ|܂ ܘܕܚܪ̈ܡܐ. ܘܟܕ 91 ‎sais‏ ܠܘܬܗ. ܠܐ ܐܬ ܕܟܪ
ܠܗ ܣܟܠܘܬܗ. ‎ΕΞ) 4 Lao‏ ܐܢܬ ܕܬܐܡܪ ܣܘܥܪܢܟ.. ܘܐܢ ܕܚܢ ‎Ji‏ ܠܡܢܐ ܡܠܐ ܝܬ
ܠܝ. ܗܼܘ ‎ος‏ ܐܡܼܪ ܠܝ. ܕܡܟܝܠ ܡܪܝ ܡܘܕܐ ܐܢܐ. ܟܕ ‎Χο‏ ܐܢܐ ܩܕܡ ܐܠܗܐ

‏ܒܬܫܡܫܐ.. ܠܚܕ ܡܢ ‎LL]‏ ܣܚܦܗ ܣܛܢܐ ° ܘܐܬܐ ܢܦܠ ܩܕܡ ܪ̈ܓܠܝ. ‎ble‏

‏ܟܕ ‎Mac NL‏ ܬܫܡܫܬܐ ‎Rsèso Jos‏ ܕܣܛܛܬܐ. ܘܐܬܬܬܪܥܬ ‎Male‏
‎Χο ES‏ ܐܢܐ ܒܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܥܠ ܐܚܐ ܗܽܘ. ܘܗܐ ܗܢܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܬܒܪܐ ܕܝܠܝ. ܗܕܐ ܟܕ

‎]. Ms. with stop following.

‎and thev repented at once, and were forgiven. And now say, and 1 myself
will repent with you ». But he said, « My sin, sir, is more grievous aud
more lamentable than fornication ». But 1 again, being greatly distressed,
raised mv thoughts to terrible and grievous things, in which Satan by the
same desire plunges and sulfocates men; and, being afflicted at the thought of
these things, 1 said to him : « Blessed man, our God is good and ‏ܨܠ‎
‎and, however great are the wickednesses that ἃ man commits, if so be he
turns and kuocks at the door of his mercy, he does not reject him; but he
rejoices over him and receives him. See how his own 01101 disciple Simon
[ell not only into the simple wickedness of denial, but also into that of oaths
and eurses; aud, when he poured out tears toward him, he did not remember
his offence. And now, if vou are willing to tell your case —, and, if not,
wliy do von tronble me?». Hle said to me: « Now, sir, I will confess. While
Εναν standing before God at the service, Satan threw one ‘of the brothers
down, and he came and fell before my feet: and 1 on seeing il deserted the
` rvice of God, and performed that of Satan, and I fell, and laughed over that
broth + while 1 was standing at the service. And lo! this. is my disaster ».
When ben my quut heard this, Ὁ also was smitten with the same sin as he,

‎e A
