[233] LIFE OF SIMEON ΤΗΕ MOUNTAINEER. 233

ܬܟܝܠܐܝܬ: ܐܝܬ ܕܚܢ ܥܠ ܬܠܬܐܼ ‎Re‏ ܡܝܢ ܚܒܪܗ: ‎Melo‏ ܕܚܡܢܐ ܘܐܝܬ ‎iT‏
‎ver 56 ra.‏ ܐܝܟ ܟܘܝܢܐ: ܘܬܘܒ ܬܡܡܝܗ ܗܘܐ ܕܟܠܗܘܢ ‎Jae Jia)‏ ܡܠܝܢ ° 00% ‎MH‏

ܠ̈ܠܠܬܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܗܢܐ ܒܘܕܪܐ ܕܝܬܒܐ ܗܢܐ . ܡܛܠ ܕܠܘ ܐܝܟ ܕܥܒܕܝܢ ܐܢܢܝܐ |

| ‏ܡܢܗܘܢ‎ ado ‏ܒܪܘܚܩܐ ܚܕܙܐ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ܒ̈ܬܐ܂. ܩܝܼܪܒ ܗܘܐ‎ Jlaxi ‏ܕܝܢ ܟܕ‎ -ᾱ
‏ܕܩܢܝܢܐ ܒܠܚܘܕܼ.. ܐܠܐ ܒ̈ܬܐ ܪܘܙ̈ܒܐ ܘܡܥܡܕ̈ܐ ܥܢ̈ܝܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܬܡܢ. ܗܼܢܘܢ‎ JA

ܕܚܢ ܪ̈ܥܘܬܐ ‎Las‏ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ. ܕܗܟܢܐ ‎vl‏ ܚܢܢ ܠܐܒܘ̈ܝܢ.܂. ܕܒܗܠܝܢ ‎s! fed‏
ܥܡܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܘܐܝܟ ܡܶܢ ܕܒܗܘܢ ‎[οι ο‏ ܐܦ ܚܢܢ܂ ܒܗܘܢ ܥܡܪܝܢܝܢ. ܘܬܘܒ :ܬ
‎ES‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ .. ‎Hal‏ ܡܕܝܢ ܟܕ ܒܛܘܪ̈ܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܥܡܿܪܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ܆:. ܡܫܟܚܝܢ | ܕ

à

|

!
ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܬܬܟܢܢܘܢ ܠܒܝܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ . ܘܠܡܫܝܼܡܥ ܡܠܬܗ ܕܡܝܢ ܟܒܬܒܐ ‎speso‏ |
‎οἱ‏ ܠܡܫܬܘܐܦܘ ܒܕ̈ܐܙܐ ܕܦܓܪܗ ܘܕܡܗ. ‎euer‏ | ܕܝܢ ‎SIA‏ ܒܕܡܘܬܐ ‎Mas‏ 1{
ܡܕܡ ‎JR bis‏ ܒܚܕ ܗܠܝܝܢ ܥܠ ܛܘܒܢܐ ‎le Sx‏ ܕܡܢܐ ܠܡ ܡܪܝ
ܛܘܒܢܐ ‎aie‏ ܠܗ ܠܐܢܫ ܩܘܪܒܢܐ ܕܢܣܒ. ܡܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܩܘܪܒܢܐ. ‎oo‏ ܕܝܢ

1. Ms. So,

“| and cattle and were settled there in confidence (one being three miles distant
from his neighbour, and another five and another two according to chance),
and he was also astonished that all the mountains were so full of people;
and then, seeing some shepherds at a distance from the houses, he came near
and inquired' from them the causes of this scattered charaeter of tliis place
of habitation, because there are there not only cattle-sheds such as some

i.

men make, but great houses and substantial dwellings. But the shepherds
would state to him, « We found our fathers living in this way on these
mountains; and, inasmueh as we were born on them, lo! we also live on

them. » And again he would ask them, « low then, as vou live on these
» mountains, are you able to assemble in God's honse, and to hear his word
from the holy Scriptures, or to communicate in the mysteries of his body
and blood? «, But these men, like some wild beasts, upon these words
laughed at the hlessed man, aud they say : « How, blessed sir, does the
oblation that a man receives profit him? For what is tlie oblatiou?». When
the blessed man heard these words, his boues shook from his fright and his

1. See p. 39, n. 2.

TE
