‎JOHN OF EPIIESUS. [228]‏ 338
| ܠܘܬ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܝܘܚܢܢ ܐܦܚܣܩܦܐ ‎où «μη‏ ܕܒܐܓܘ̈ܢܐ ܕܪܕܝܦܘܬܐ ܕܚܠܦ ܡܫܝܚܐ
| ܥܠܡ ‎momie‏ ܘܟܕ ܐܘܕܥܘܢ! ܠܗ ‎cto! las,‏ ܘܐܦ ‎Jlazseols Lisa) oo‏
‎FLaïss νυν Pas y‏ ܡܕ̈ܘܕܐ. ܩܒܝܠ ܐܢܘܢ ‎wc‏ ܘܣܡ ܠܗܘܢ ܬܝܒܘܬܐ
‎AN Lis |‏ - ܘܗܝܕܝܢ ‎Apod 3Jlaslas N‏ ܘܡܢ ‎por‏ ܬܘܒ ܩܫܝܐܝܬ
‎ο ο νο νο‏ ܗܘܘܢ. ‎Los‏ ܕܠܛܟܣܗܘܢ ܩܕܡܝܐ
‎οἱ‏ . ܘܠܫܘܬܦܘܬܐ ܕܒܝܕ ܚܘܣܫܐ ܐܫܬܘܝܘ. ‎sh or‏ ܟܕ ܠܘ ܡܢ ‎Les‏
‏ܐ ܩܒܠܢ ‎zu]‏ ܐܠܐ ܕܟܠܗܝܢ ܒܝܕܥܬܢ ܘܒܩܪܝܒܘܐܢܼ ܘܩܕܡܝܢ ‎πον‏
‏ܐ ‎No‏ ܡܢܗܝܢ ‎Wade‏ ܡܬܚܬܐ ‎Άκη‏ ܠܘܐ ܪܘܫܡܐ ܕܥܘܗܕܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܢܢ..
‎μοὶ UE‏ ܕܡܫܕܬܘܐ ܠܡܘܗܒܬܐ ܡܕܡ. ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ 7 ܡܢ ܢܟܠܗ ܕܒܥܠܕܒܒܐ
ܕܒܟܠ ܐܘ̈ܡܢܘܢ ‎SA po‏ ܠܡ̈ܡܛܥܝܘ܀
‎doo‏ ܬܫܥܝܬܐ ܕܐܢܢ̈ܐ ‎QAO‏ ܡܢܗ ܕܝܠܗ ܕܟܢܘܫܝܐ',
ܒܗ ܒܙܒܢܐ ‎aidants‏

‏— ܬ ܘܒܕܡܚܥܐ ‎o ins. düSs — 1 BR‏ .3 - ܐ ܦܐܘܡܙܘܬ ‎las,‏ ܘܢܟܝܠܘܬ ܦܝܫܘܬܗܘܢ ‎Bo»‏ .ܛ <> ‎Jom,‏ ,1
ܚܝ ‎D ins. eM‏ .7 — ܬܐܢܫ ‎olls. — ὁ, Db ins‏ ܠܛܦܣܗܘܢ ܩܕܡܝܐ. ܘܐܫܬܘܝܘ ܠܫܘܬܦܘܬܐ ‎«δν‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܐ .5

‎B om.‏ ܥ

‎+

‎1
‎happened to them, and they went down to Marde to the holy John bishop of !
'Phella*, who ended his life in the conflicts (ἀγών) of persecution for Christ's
sake. And, when they informed him of the alfair, even the blessed man
also marvelled at the wily, οταν artfulness of the rebellious evil beings.
But he received them, and laid upon them three vears' penanee, and then '
they were to. be adinitted to communton.— And from that time again they
led even more severe lives than before, with sorrow and tears, until they |
attained to their former standing, and were adinitted to the communion 4
that is obtained by absolntion. These things which we have written we have
not received through hearsay, but they are all matters which were enacted
in our knowledge and in onr presence and hefore our eyes?, and we have
brought comparatively few of them to the record of writing on account of
the length of the. narrative, that à. man who is granted any gift may be !
espeeially cantious against the ecalt of the adversary, who uses all artifices

‎in plotting to deccive.

‎The history of teo brothers [rom the. selfsame community at the same time
of persecution is ended.

‎See μονος, Select Letiers, v, 1^, 13, from

‎*s Gonstantina, Jobs life is given below {ch

‎which ib, pe rs that he was not at Ματς after (see p. 393 ad fin, and ‏ܨ‎ p. 2358, note). —

‎2, (| ean ot `+ πο μι (his with the fael that the central event happened. in à distant monaslery.

‎Mor coral write celo p. 226, Τὶ 3} indicates that the author is nol speaking at first hand.
