‎LIFE OF ABDBI. 317‏ ]217[
ܒܗ ܕ̈ܡ̈ܥܐ! ܠܟܪܣܗ ܠܐ ‎Jon Ml‏ ܘܒܠܠܚܐ ܬܘܒ ‎ca‏ ܟܕ ‎Jon‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܛܘܒܢܐ
ܗܢܐ ܚܫܝܫ ܗܘܐ ܒܫܪܪܐ ܕܠܐ ܒܘܝܐܐ܂. ܐܝܟ ‎Low µας) JN]‏ ܥܠ ܒܥܠ |
‎Alec α‏ ܒܝ̈ܘܡܬܐ ܩܕܡ̈ܝܐ ܕܐܒܠܗܿ. ܐܟܕ ܕܝܢ ‎Joër‏ ܗܘܐ ܙܒܢܐ ܕܫܩܕܠ ° ܡ̈ܐܢܐ. |
ܡܦܝܣܝܢ ܗܘܗ ܠܗ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܛܘܒܢܶܐ܂ ‎δ us‏ ܒܠܝܬܗܼ ‎Jo‏ ܡܬܛܦܝܣ ¦
‎Jon‏ ܐܠܐ ܟܕ ܢܬܥܼܨܐ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ܪܚܫܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ.. ܥܕܡܐ ܠܬܪ̈ܝܢ ‎οἱ‏ ܠܬܠܬܐ ̇
‎eed.‏ ܥܠ ‎ma‏ ܗܘܐ ‎ὁ‏ ܒܥܚ̈ܝܢܐ ܘܢܓܒܬܐ'.. ‎Ksas‏ ܗܘܐ ‎ac,‏ |
ܐܚܪܬܐ. ܘܬܘܒ ܡܢ ܩܘܪܫܐ ܟܕ ܢܬܥܨܐ ܗܘܐ܂. ܒܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܝܘܡ̈ܬܐ ‎Jia‏ ܓܝܠܐ
ܡܿܥܬܟܣܐ ‎./οοι‏ ܘܠܡܪܗܼ ܒܦܝܣܐ ܡܦܢܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܒܗܢܐ ܕܘܒܪܐ ܕܐܒܝܠܘܬܐܼ
ܪܒܬܐ ° ‎aisée,‏ ܡܿܦܩ ‎Jon‏ ܘܡܛܠ ܕܚܝܙܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܝ ܕܡܚܟܐ ܗܘܬ ܢܦܫܝ ܘܢܩܦܐ
‎S‏ )| ܗܘܝܬ ܒܗ ܡܕܡ ܕܐܝܟ ܗܟܢ: ‎ble‏ ܥܕܟܝܠ ܠܐ ܟܒܫܬܗ ܗܘܝܬ
ܠܚܐܦܐ ܒܥܪܝܪܝܐ ܕܥܠܚܝܡܘܬܐ.. ܗܝܕܝܢ ܚܕ ܚܕ ܥܕܢܐ ‎ior‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܝ ܠܘܬܗܢ. ܘܦܬܚ
ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ‎sS MS οὐ‏ ܘܒܕܡܡܐ ܡܢܗ ܡܪܬܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܝ܂ ܟܕ ‎τοδὶ‏ ܕܬܐ ܫܡܼܥ ܒܪܝ
‎be»‏ ܛܘ̈ܒܐ ܘܟܘ̈ܘܕܝܐ ܟܣ̈ܝܐ ܡܠܝܟܝܢ.. ‎ro Jio So μον‏ ܠܒܐ ‎D‏

‎, |. Bins, ‏ܕܥܟܢܘܗ݈ܝ‎ — 2, Β ins, ‏ܗܘܐ‎ 19. — 3, B ‏.ܘܟܕ‎ — 1, Ὦ ‏ܠܐ ܡܬܬܦܝܣ‎ oo. — 5, A 39. — 6. B
Loo ‏ܘܓܒܐ‎ nds oo ‏ܗܝ‎ με” 'sic) ‏ܗܘܐ‎ Hess. — 7. Ὦ ‏ܘܟܕ ܡܦܝܣ ܠܡܪܗ‎ ܼ — 8, D e! — 9. B Manet.

‎into his belly unless mixed with tears; aud at night again the same. And
so this blessed man used in truth to sorrow disconsolately, like a woman
girt in sackeloth for the husband of her tender age in the first days of her
mourninr. When the time came round when he received clothes, all
the blessed men would entreat him to change that old garment of his, and
he would not agree; but, when he was forced by the quantity of vermin,
for two or three days, while he was seething it in hot water and it was
drying, he would consent to put on another; and again, when he was
forced by the cold, he would for a few days cover himself with a cloak
supplied out of kindness, and would return it to its owner with an apology.
And thus he spent his life in this practice of great mourning. Aud, he-
cause he used to see in my case that my soul loved and clave to anyone
in whom 1 saw anything of this kind, and [ for my part had not yet subdued
the wild impulse of youth, then he would each time take me apart, and
open that book, and with tears warn me ont of il, saying, « Come, hear, my
son, how many secret blessings and promises are guarantoed to the pure and

‎| the virgins and the pure in heart, and to boys like you who draw near to the

‎* .\ 311

‎ἘΒ 178 vb.
