232 JOHN OF EPIIESUS. [232]

ܘܗܠܝܢ ܢܐܡܪ ܠܗܘܢ. ܒܙܒ̈ܢܐ ܩܕ̈ܡܚܐ ܒܛܘܪ̈ܐ.. ܝܪ̈ܚܐ ܬܡܢܝܐ ܥܒܕܕ ܗܘܐ ܒܡܥܖ̈ܐ.

”° ܘܒܦ̈ܩܝܦܐ܂ ‎See:‏ ܐܪܒܥܐ ‎Li‏ ܣܝ̈ܬܘܝܐ ܩܫ̈ܝܐ܂ ‎pes Ὁ‏ ܡܢ ܥܘܡܪ̈ܐ ‎gar‏

‎ais Spot μοὶ]‏ ܠܦܘܠܚܢܗ ܢܚܝܬ ܗܘܐ܆. ܡܛܠ ܥܣܩܘܬܗ ܕܣܬܘܐܼ ܘܩܫܝܘܬܗ
‎Jg‏ ܒܚܕ ‎pet‏ ܡܢ ܙܒܢ̈ܚܝܢ ܟܕ ‎ho‏ ܡܢ ܛܘܪܐ ܠܛܘܪܐ.. ‎δν ολ)‏
‎Lio Jed‏ ܕܩܪܝܒܚܝܢ ܠܦܪܬ ‎«ου‏ ܕܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܕܐܒܕܗܝܪ ܩܪܝܬܐ ܕܥܠ ܦܪܬ.
ܐܝܕܐ ‎μα.‏ ܘܦܠܓܐ! ܥܡ ܩܠܘܕܝܐ ‎Jill‏ ܘܚܝܙܐ ܗܘܐ ‎Ja}‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܟܕ ܛܒ
‎vun‏ ܘܬܩܝܦܝܢ.. 15 ܘܝ̈ܠܕܬܐ° ‎Jio‏ ܡܿܒܕܪܝܢ܂ ܒܟܠܗܘܢ. ܟܕ ‎«καλῶ‏
‏ܡܢ ܩܪܝܬܐ,. ܐܝܬ ܕܚܡܫܐ ܡ̈ܝܠܐ ܘܐܝܬ ܕܫܒܥܐ.. ܘܐܝܬ ܕܥܕܡܐ ܠܬܡܢܝܐ
ܘܠܥܣܪܐ. ܡܛܠ ܕܗܟܢܐ ‎moi‏ ܬܚܘܡܗܿ ܕܩܪܝܬܐ ܗܿܝ. ܘܐܦ ‎oe‏ ܬܩܝܦܐ.. ܥܕܡܐ
ܕܐܓܘܪ̈ܣܐ ‎óc uM» Lil‏ ܡܢܗܿ ܢܬ ܟܘܢ܀ ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܫܡܥܘܢ ‎jà)‏ ܗܘܐ
ܕܒܐܝܕܐ ‎νο‏ ܕܛܘܪܖ̈ܐ ܠܡܒܪܝܢ ‎:jaixis‏ ܘܬܘܒ ‎ς---οι‏ 1.5 ܘܩܢܝܢܐ ܘܚܬܒܝܢ

‎1. Conj. &nouck ap. v. D. and L. kags3e, Nold. lago (but ‏ܠܓܥ‎ is nol constrneled with X1). —
2. Conj. v. D. aud L, E9236; el. p. 233, f. 5.

‎of men's habitation and say these things to them was as follows. In
earlier times he used to spend eight months on the mountains among caves
and rocks, and for the four severe winter months he would come down to a
monastie couvent which he knew to be convenient for his occupation, on
aceount of the hardness of the winter and the severity of the snow. But
once, while going round from mountain to mountain, he chanced to be on
rough mountains near the river Euphrates, belonging to the village of
"bdhyr'on the Euphrates, a village which lies and makes ἃ boundary @ with
the territory of Claudias?; and he saw that, though these mountains were
vugged and towering, liouses and 'domestie brood-animals (2)? were scattered
over then all, while they were some five miles and some seven, and some
as much as eight and ten from the village: because the boundary of that
village is so extended (and it is itself also populous) that other hamlets are
settled (rom it within its boundaries.

‎The blessed. Simeon was amazed to see in what a rugged mountainous
district human beings were living, and moreover that they possessed houses

‎ει - Miel p. 649, 654. 2- ὃν Olaudias day W. of phe Euphrates, which must have been the
bound, It düe ext ds right, the meaning must be that αμ village lerritory lay on the river, and
Mierefos d db extreuie limit ol the province. +53, Or, with v. D. aud. L.'s emendation, * cattle-sheds'.

