ܥ

‎LIVES OF TWO MONKS. 221‏ ]221[
ܥܠܘܗܝ ܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ܆. ܕܣܕܥܪܘ ܫܝ̈ܐܕܐ ܠܘܬ ܐܚ̈ܐ ‎“el‏ ܗܥܝܢ ‎pl‏ ܕܒܫܪܪܐ ‎«“ἐδὺ‏
‏ܗܘܘ ܒܟܘܠܗ ܚܝܠܗܘܢ ܒܡܫܬܪܘܬܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܓܚܕܟܘ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ ܫܐ ܕܐ܂. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܐ
ܒܩ̈ܕܡܝܐ ܘܠܐ ‎Lg‏ ܡܕܡ ‎Aes] Loa yl‏ ܗܼܢܘܢ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܠܚܢ ܛܘܒܢ̈ܐ.
ܗܿܢܘ ܕܝܢ ‎où‏ ܚܢ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ‎Lo)‏ ܕܝܥܩܘܒ ܡܬܩܪܐ ܗܘܐ .. ܗܢܐ ܒܕܘܒܪ̈ܐ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ
ܐܕܩܘܡܐ ܘܕܫܪܘ̱ܪܐ! ܘܕܢܙܝܪܘܬܐ ‎Lao‏ ܣܓܝܐܐ܂. ܒܗ ܒܟܢܘܢܝܐ ‏ ܬܡܝܗܐܝܬ ܦܠܚ
‎joo *816.‏ ° ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܕܝܢ܂ ܡܢ ܥܘܡܪܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܐ ܕܐܘܪ̈ܗܝܐ܂ ܠܘܬܗ̇ ܕܐܡܿܕ'. ܘܗܟܢܐ
‎rsen.‏ ܥܡܝܠ ܗܘܐ ܐܚܐ ‎pec‏ * ܘܡܟܝܟ ܘܢܝܚ.. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܫܒܥܡܝܐܐ ‎REIN‏
‏ܟܠܗܘܢ ܬ ܗܝܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܒܥܡܡܠܘܗܝ܂ ‎ds)‏ ܒܥܢܘܝܘܬܗ. ‎S opos μι 9 ha]‏
ܒܫܒܬܐ ‎.λ-μοόι CAL)‏ ܘܐܡܡܝܗ ‎Όλοι‏ ܝܬܝܪ ܡܢ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ‎ede sens‏
‎ϱ ο, νο νυν‏ ܒܙܩܫܦܘܬܐܼ ܕܦܓܪܗ ܕܥܠܝܐ ‎he‏ ܗܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ.. ܐܝܬ
ܗܘܘ ܣܓܺܝܐܵܐ ܕܐܝܟ ”° ܕܢܡܪܘܢ ܒܕܘܒܪ̈ܘܗܝ.. ܢܩܫܦܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ ܘܩܪܝܒܝܢ ܗܗ
ܠܘܬܗ. ܘܟܕ ܗܟܢܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܐܝܟܝܢ ܕܗܼܘ ܐܠܗܐ ‎Sasha] Me‏ ܕܝܘ̈ܢܐ ܐܬܝܢ

‎1. B pl. — 2. B. ‏ܦܠܚ ܗܘܐ ܬܡܝܗܐܝܬ‎ — 3, B marg. (in bad fiand without ref. in text) ‏ܗܠܝܢ ܟܠܗܘܢ‎
‏ܕܚܕܨܬܗܤ‎ Lite ‏ܒܨܠܐ ܥܠ‎ lise bips ««οἱ ‏ܕܡܪܝ‎ bats. ‏ܚ‎ 4. B Slo ‏ܒܥܬܡܠܘܗܝ‎ Qi 990. — 5, B ins.
EP. — 6. Bins. es — 7,B e. — 8, B gl. — 9, Abba.

‎fiends did to two brothers who were in truth running with all their strength
in the way of virtue, and whom the fiends made such a laugliing-stock that
the like was never heard among men of older or of recent times. These bles-
sed men therefore, that is one of them especially, who was called James ,
-— this man employed himself in a marvellous way in the same community
in great practices of standing and of watching and of abstinence and great
quietude; and he came from the convent called that of the Edessenes adjoining
Amida itself?. — And this brother was so laborious and humble and meek
that these seven hundred men? were all amazed at his labours, and at his
asceticism; so that 1 also was with him on the weekly duties *, and particu-
larly marvelled at his gentleness and his quietude. and further at the way
in which he crucified his body by night and by day. "his man then had
many who for the purpose of imitating his modes of life used to attach
themselves to him and keep tliemselves cluse to him. And, while he was of

‎1. The sentence is here broken olf. — 2, B marg. « Alt lliese are sons of Mar Engenius the Egyp-
lian. Let hin who reads pray for the sinner who restored il ». — 3. See p.211. — 4. The dulies of the
hebdomaitarii; see p. 62, n. 2, and ch. 35.
