* 1 8

^6br

b.

252 JOUN OF EPITESUS. [252]

ܕܣܒܐ ‎AVS‏ ܡܘܟܟܗ. ܗܼܘ 2« ܛܘܒܢܐ ܟܠ ܬܪܘܕܐ ‎acer‏ ܗܘܐ .. ܡܓ :ܢܒܐܝܬ ̇

ܩܠܝܠ ‎So‏ ܥܝܢܗܼ ܠܥܠ ܡܬܬܪܝܡܐ ܗܘܬ. ܘܣ̈ܦܘܬܗ ܪܦܢ ܗܽܘܝ܂ ܐܝܟ ‎Jj)‏
‏ܙܥܘܪܐ. ܘܗܘܢܐ ܐ ܡܝܢܬܐܝܬ ܟܘܠ ܦܬܬܐ ܕܥܐܠܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܦܝܘܡܗ. ܪܡܙܐ ܕܬܘܕܝܬܐ
‎a»‏ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ܠܒܗ ܒܝܕ ܪܬܡܼܡܐ ܕܣ̈ܦܘܬܗ ܘܪܡ̣ܙܐ ܕܥܝ̈ܢܘܗܝ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܐܬܦܝ̣ܩܕ
ܡܢ ‎[μὲ a2‏ ܕܬܦܘܩ ܡܙܓܬܐ: ܡܛܠ ܕܗܟܢܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܢܡܘܣܐ ܕܬܠܬ ܙܒܝ̈ܢܝܢ
ܒܫܒܬܐ ܥܡ ܚܕܒܫܒܐ ‎Jio was)‏ ܘܟܕ ܐܬ | ܪܒܠܒܝܬܐ ܘܦܩܝِܠ ܣܟܐ ܚܕ
ܟܣܐ ܥܡ ܟܠ ‎οἱ‏ ܡܛܘܠ ܕܒܩܪ̈ܝܪܐ ܡܬ ܡܙܔ ܗܘܐ ܂. ܘܩܠܚܝܠܐܝܬ ܡܡܬܟܪܟ
ܗܘܐ ܚܕ ܚܕ ܟܣܐ ‎sas‏ ܘܡܬ ܚ ܬܡܠ. ܟܠܢܫ ܕܚܢ ܒܪܡ ‎ka lo‏ ܘܣܡ ܟܣܐ
ܒܕܘܟܬܗ܂ ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܚܕܐ ܚܕܐ ܣܘܪܦܬ ܐ ܐܝܟ ‎fou lis cà‏ ܘܠܐ ‎)pe‏ ܐܢܝܫ
‎Jus‏ ܗܟܢܐ ܘܬܐ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܠܐ ܐܬܛܦܝܣ ܕܣܘܪܦܬܐ ܚܕܐ ܥܡ ‎JA lise‏
ܥܘܼܝܐܝܬ. ܐܠܐ ܟܢܐ ܦܠܓܗ ܠܟܣܐ ܗܿܘ. ܠܟܘܠ ܟܡܐ ‎pay‏ ܠܗ ܕܢܿܣܩ ܥܠܘܝ
‎JA sad‏ ܘܟܕ ܛܒ ܙܥܘܪܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ܂. ܝܬܝܪ ܡܝܢ ܕܠܡܐܐ ܣܘܪ̈ܦܬܐ ܦܠܓܗ.
ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ‎Ji t‏ ܪܝܫ ‎μοὶ Jioko‏ ܟܒܪ ܣܒܐ ܒܫ̈ܚܝܢܐ ‎acaso‏ ܗܘܐ ‎ΟΝ‏ ܘܡܛܠ

reason of his humility. And, every time that the blessed man reached out
a spoon, his eye was furtively and gradually raised upward, and his lips
moved, as if he were making a little sign; and thus regularly, whenever a

heart by the mutteriug of his lips and the motion of his eyes. And, when
the order was given bv the archimandrite that the wine and water should
go round (since this was the custom (νόμος) that the wine and water should
go round three tines a week Tbesides the first day οἱ the week '), and,
when the steward came and the old man received one eup like everyone
else, since it was diluted with cold water, and one eup each only would
be rapidly carried round and collected, and everyone pronounced a blessing
and drank, aud deposited the cup in its place, yet the blessed man would

drink a sip at a time as if it were hot and one could not drink, and he could '

not be induced to drink one sip together with the next, but this is how he
divided that eup, into as many sips as the times that it pleased him to
oller praise over it; aud, though it was a small eup, he divided it into
more than a huadred sips. When the head of the table saw it, he
sar! τα Perhaps the old man would like to drink it with hot water, and

V. rclbe fret day of the week included,

“morsel of food entered his mouth, a sign of thanksgiving came up from his .

