v

1305] LIVES OF THOMAS AND STEPHEN. 205

Jh ‏ܕܥܠ ܣܕܢܐ ܕܩܚ̈ܝܢܝܐ܂. ܬܠܬܐ ܥܡ‎ b) ‏ܗܘܐ: ܐܝܟ‎ a5 RSS Jin
he hes Jo ‏ܟܕ ܪܕܦܝܢ‎ les ‏ܐ݀ܬܐ ܗܘܐ ܩܠܐ‎ Lise ares ‏ܒܐܪ̈ܙܦܬܐ‎
‏ܒܬܪܗܝܢ°.‎ cornsiass .. ‏ܗ̈ܘܝ ܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ܠܝܘܩܕܡ‎ Qi ‏ܥܕܡܐ ܠܨܦܪܐ. ܟܕ‎ :
‏ܕܡܝܢ‎ sec ‏ܥܕܡܐ ܕܣܿܒܪ ܗܘܝܬ‎ Jon Nas ‏ܒܚܝܪܬܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܝܢ ܦܠܝ‎ oue
‏ܟܕ ܐܦ ܚܬܡ ܗܘܝܬ ܢܦܢܝ ܘܐܡܪ ܗܘܺܝܬ܂.‎ .JLo oo ια) vus ‏ܠܬܚܬ‎
‏ܐܝܟ ܕܢܛܥܝܢܝ. ܘܢܦܩ‎ "Jo ‏ܠܝ ܗܢܐ‎ some su ‏ܣܛܢܐ ܡܨܛܕܐ‎ vh
‏ܗܘܝܬ ܬܘܒ . ܘܗܼܘ ܟܕ‎ S£so ‏ܩܠܐ ܢܡܥ ܗܘ̇ܺܝܬ.‎ Ἴσοιο ‏ܗܘܝܬ ܠܒܪ ܒܠܠܝܐ..‎
‏ܛܥܢܐ ܗܢܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ.‎ ease ‏ܗܼܘ. ܘܡܛܠ ܕܗܼܘ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܝܨܝܦܘܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ‎
ΝΑ ον ‏ܠܝܬܪܥܐ‎ Las) ‏ܒܪ‎ cR ‏ܕܢܒܦܪܓܠ ܠܟܠܢܝ ܟܕ ܡܦܝܣ: ܕܠܐ‎

ܥܕܡܐ ‎JS‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܫܢܬܐ ܕܝܠܝ ܠܡ ‎Less‏ ܣܓܝ: ܘܣܟ ܠܡ ܐܢ ܡܪܓܫ
ܐܢܐ ܕܠܚܿܒܪ ܐܢܫ ܒܚܘܕܪܐ ܕܐܝܟܐ ‎y»‏ ܐܢܐ: ܬܘܒ ܠܝܬ ܦܘܪܣܐ ܐ°ܕܡܟ: ܘܡܬܐܠܨ
ܐܢܐ ܠܠܝܐ ܟܠܗ. ܡܛܠ ܕܚܢ ܦܘܪܓܠܐ ‎«fie‏ ܠܐ ܐܢܫ ܡܒܬܩܪܒ ܗܘܐ' ܠܘܬ
‎ολο‏ - ܕܠܐ ܢܫܚܩܗ. ܟܕ ‎«τὸ‏ ܗܘܝܢ ܕܗܟܢܐ ‎enel‏ 8 ܐܝܟ ‎el‏ ܗܼܘ 1«

1. Ἡ S — 3, ‏ܒܘ̈ܦܘܗܝ ;ܐ‎ iso. — 3, D om. — 1. A ‏.ܘܗܘ‎ — 5. B ins, 35: — 6. B loo vine
‏ܕܢܬܩܪܒ‎ — 7, DB ‏ܙܫܚܝܦܝܘܗܝ‎ — δ. B ‏ܐܝܬܘܗܢ‎ .

make three knoeks in quick sueeession, the sound would come to me just as
if three men were striking together upon a smith's anvil with hammers, the
sounds following one another till morning, since his hands first struck
the ground, and after them his knees, and lastly his head; and so he would
suddenly sink down, until 1 thought that the sound was coming up from
beneath me, while 1 even crossed myself and said, « Perhaps Satan is
mocking me, aud is makiug me hear this sound in order to ileceive me »;
and I would go outside by night, and would hear the sound: and | would
come in again, and there was tlie same sound. And, beeause the blessed
man showed great care and earnestness in charging and entreatiug everyone.
« Let not a man approach the door of my cell till the morning, because
l am a very bad sleeper, and, if 1 am aware that anv one is passing round
the place where 1 am sleeping. it is quite impossible for me to sleep
again, and 1 am tormented the whole night, on aecount of this charge
therefore no one approached his cell, lest he shoull anuov him, since
we thought (hai it was as he said; but le wishe! to aet hy stealth
and not be discovered by stealth.

“Birch.
