* 62 v5 b.

258 JOHN OF EPIIESUS. 12581

ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܐܢܐ ‎“λᾶς Nooó TU Κας‏ ܓܒܪܐ ܗܽܘ ‎Livoi‏ ܓܠܝܐܝܬ
‎el‏ ܐܢܝܢ ܠܝ ܟܘܠܗܝܢ.. ‎v» où pl‏ ܚܘܫܒܝ ܘܝܕܥܗܼ ‎Me EST p‏
ܡܢܐ ܐܪܚܫ ‎aes‏ ܒܬܪܥܝܬܟ܂ ܐܝܟ ܕܢܓܠܙܟ ܡܢ ܝܘܬܪܢܐ. ‎Jul E‏ ܠܝ ܟܠܗܝܢ܂
ܐܝܟ ܡܐ ‎Jena,‏ ܘܗܿܝܕܝܝܢ ܟܕ ܐܦ ܥܡ ܕܚܠܬܐ ܘܬܗܪܐ ‎Mae] Xs “ο‏
ܕܗܟܢܐ ܐܬܚܫܒܕܬ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܐܬܬܚ ܟܕ ܐܸܡܿܪ.. ‎Jon‏ ܡܛܘܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܒܪܝ
ܟܪܣܛܛܝܢܘܬܐ ° ܐܬܚܒܠܬ܇. ܘܛܦ̈ܣܐ ܕܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܐܬܒܠܒܠܝܘ. ܐܢ ܓܝܪ ܝܬܒ
ܐܢܬ ܥܠ ܦܬܘܪܐ: ܘܡܬܒܣܡ ܐܢܬ ܡܢ ܡܶܘܗܒܬܗ ܕܝܗ̇ܘܒܐ. ‎[uan]‏ ܡܿܡܥܠ
ܐܢܬ ‎ies [Άννυ‏ ܘܛܠܡ ܐܢܬ ܛܝܒܘܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܚܠܦ ܡ̈ܘܗܒܬܗ. ‎οἱ‏
‏ܐܪܐ ܠܐ ‎«eu‏ ܠܟ ܝܘܡܐ ܒܬ̈ܥܘܗܝ ܘܒܡܿܕܢܘܗܝ ܠܣܘܥܕܢܟ. ܐܠܐ ܒܥܕܢܐ ܕܚܕ
ܣܘܥܪܢܐ ‎να.‏ ܕܡܬܒܥܐ° ܒܪܗ ܬܘܕܝܬܐ:. ‎.ρὸ Na]‏ » ܬܦܥܝ̈ܬܐ. ܘܠܘܝ ܕܝܢ
‎Las‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܐܡܿܪ ܐܢܬ. ܐܠܐ ܘܣܘ̈ܓܦܢܐ܂ ܘܠܐ ܣܘܥܪ̈ܢܐ. ܘܬܘܒ ܕܐܦ ܕܠܐ ‎Les‏
‏ܐܝܬܝܗܿ ܠܟ ܕܟܕ ‎LA puis‏ ܒܕܝܠܗ ‎ka‏ ܐܢܬ ܬܨܒܐ ܦܟܫܝܩ
ܕܐܦ ‎Lime où‏ ܒܕܝܠܗ ܢܝܬܬܪܣܝܐ:. ܐܢ ‎Νας | σᾶν‏ ܠܐ ‎SES‏

1. A preceding letter erased, — ‏.ܠ‎ So appy. corr. from ‏ܐ ܕܡܬܒܠܫܐ‎ 3, Ms, asus: corr, Nôld.

doso?». But, while I on my part was seeretly tracing these things in. my
thoughts, that spiritual nian openly. told me them all as il he had written
out my thought and come to know it, saving : « [ have eome to know what
the evil one has caused to creep into your mind, in order to deprive you of
profit », while he repeated everything to me as E liad thought it. And then,
when not only fear but ‏ܓ‎ also as well fell upon me, } confessed
that that was what Ὁ had thought. But he sighed the more, saying : « On
account of these things, my son, Christianity has been corrupted, and the
ordinances of religion have been thrown into confusion. If vou are sitting
at table, and enjoving the gifts of the Giver, how ean you bring in affairs
of business and cheat God's kindness of its due for the sake of his gifts?
Or is not then 3 the day sullieient Tor you for your business with its hours
and its moments, but at the moment at which one business only is required,
thanksgiving. are you on your part giving attention to stories? (and would
lov were matters ol business às you say: but they are actually detriments,
ii. 1 not matters of business) and all the more since it is indeed no trouble
to a vince, while tlie euter man is feeding on his owu food, it is easy, if
veu wish, for the hidden man to nourish himself with his, unless conversa-

