240 JOHN OF EPIIESUS. [240]

ܘܕܡܗ ܩܕܡ ܕܢܚܕܫ ‎Jp?‏ ܒܥܠܝܬܐ ܘܒܝܪܟ ܘܝܗܼܒ ܠܬܠܡܡܝܕܘܗܝ ‎elo‏ ܕܗܿܢܘ
ܦܓܪܝ ܕܥܠ ܐܦܝ ܚܚܘ̈ܗܝ ܕܥܠܡܐ 1 | ܠܫܘܒܩܢܐ ܕܚ̈ܛܗܐ: ܘܬܘܒ ‎δν ο‏
‎el‏ ܕܟܠ ܡܝܢ ‎Wes]‏ ܦܓܪܝ ܘܫܬܐ ‎où sex‏ ܒܫ ‎ble Jaas$‏ ܒܗ: ‎ple‏

ܐܩܝܡܒܝܘܗܝ ܒܫܘܡܐ ‎usa Jia] lul‏ ܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܝܡܝܥܢ ܠܟܘܢ
‎eo‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܠܗܝܢ ܐܝܟ ‎sel‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܆. ‎«m» v2‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܘܒ̈ܚܝܐ
ܕܢܦܫ̈ܬܟܘܢ ܠܐ ‎MN Kai‏ ܘܡܢ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܚ̈ܝܐ ‎EN las μάς‏
‎ou)‏ ܘܡܢ ‎Jlaslas‏ ܕܦܓܪܗ ܘܕܡܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎^NI A‏ ܘܠܐ ° ‎ei‏
‏ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܚܘܣܪܢܐ ܡܕܡ ܡܢ ܗܕܐ ‎αρ‏ ܠܟܘܢ܇. ܟܕ ܠܘ ܚܘܣܪܢܐ ‎So:‏ ܡܕܡ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎bres] JT es‏ ܓܡܝܪܐ ܕܢܦܫ̈ܬܟܘܢ. ܗܼܢܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܐܡܪܘܢ ܥܗ. ܘܡܢܐ

ܡܪܝ ܐܝܬ ܥܢ ܕܢܥܥܕ. 1 99 ܕܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܬܝܒܘܬܐ ܣܡ ܠܟܘܠܝܗܘܢ.. ܟܕ ܪܐܐ ‎a.‏ ^

ܘܡܡܚܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ.. ܕܡܛܠ ܥܡ ܕܚܕ̈ܚܒܝܢ ܘܒܘܕ̈ܢ ܢܦܫ̈ܿܬܟܘܢ ܒܝܕ ܡܗܡܝܢܘܬܟܘܢ:

ܐܝܟ ܐܪܥܐ ܕܒܐܝܪܐ ܡܢ ܙܒܢܐ ‎à ai:‏ ܟܘܟ̈ܐ ܘܕܪ̈ܕܪܐ܂. ‎Hal‏ ܕܗ̇ܘ ܕܨܒܐ ܕܢܪܥܝܗܿ
‎ο.‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܟܘ̈ܒܐ ‎ras‏ ܘ݀ܡܘܩܢ: ‎Lente‏ ܪܡܳܐ ܙܪܥܗ.. ܗܟܢܐ܂ ܐܦ ܐܢܬܘܢ

ܙܠܘ ‎exe;‏ ܗܕܐ ܒܬܐ ‎CRC Me‏ ܩܕܬܐ ܠܚܕ ‎[2x5‏ ܘܐܝܬܘ ܠܝ. ܘܐܬܟܢܫܘ

1. Ms, with 5 — 2. An erased letter precedes.

Llessed it and gave it to his diseiples and said, ‘This is my body that is
broken on behalf of the life of the world for the forgiveness of 81115 ` ' and
again that he said before, ‘Evervone who eateth my body and drinketh my
blood, he abideth in me and 1 in him, and | will raise him at the last day" ??
How then. when you have heard all these things and know them, as vou say,
do von treat them with eontempt and pay no regard to your souls' life, and

remain deprived of the word of life in the holy Scriptures, and hold aloof :

fiom the communion of Christ's body and blood, and do not consider that any
loss falls upon you froin this, whereas you suffer not loss of some small thing,
but utter destruetion of your souls? ».— They said to him : « And what, sir,
can we do? ». But he laid a kind of penanee upon them all, admonishing
them aud explaining to them, * Because your souls are waste and barren by

reason of your neglect, like soil that is barren on aecount of the length of :

tine during whieh thorns and briars have been springing up in it, 5ο that a
man who wishes to till it first plueks up these tliorns and burns them, and
then puts in his seed, so do vou also go and fast this week and pray, and

1. Ms Ii, 3: 28: | Cors, NT, 25. ὡς John, vi, £ 56.
