V

‎LIVES OF THOMAS AND STEPIIEN. 203‏ ]203[
` ܠܝ ` ܐܠܐ ܘܐܦ ܠܐ ‎νο lus‏ ܕܝܘܡ̈ܬܐܼ. ܘܟܕ ‎Maas, Ju} ml‏ ܡܢ
ܠܘܐ ܛܘܒܬܐ. ܘܗܠܝܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ ‎il‏ ܒܙܘܥܬܐ ܡܬ ܢܐ ܗܘܝܬ. ܕܘܒܪܐ ܕܝܢ ‎μραῤ;‏
‏ܟܕ ܒܕܝܪܐ ‎Jom‏ ܗܟܢܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ. ܨܘܡܐ ܡܢ ܪܡܫܐ ܠܝܪܡܫܐ.. ܘܡܐܟܘܠܬܐ
ܡܙܠܗܙܬܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎lon “Limoges‏ ܠܝ ܠܝܘܬܗ. ܐܡܿܪ ܗܘܝܬ ‎yeh‏
‎MUTET‏ ܡܬܐܕܡܪ ܐܢܐ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܚܝ ܐܢܬ. ‎où‏ ܕܝܢ ܡܿܦܢܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܝ ܟܕ ‎sol‏
‏ܕܡܢܐ ‎INL‏ ܕܬܪܣܝܬ ܦܓܪܝ ܐܝܟ ܕܠܠܢܟܣܬܐ| ܥܕܡܐ ‎οἱ so‏ ܠܐ ‎JS‏ ܠܝ ܕܐ ܕܥ.
ܕܡܐܟܘܠܬܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܕܪܡܬ| ‎So‏ ܡܛܠ ܡܢܐ ܐܠܨܐ ܠܝ ܕܐ ܣܒ ܢܘܪܐ
‎poule‏ ܬ ܠܚܝܦܐ ܕܥܫ̈ܢܝ. ܦܓܪܐ ܓܝܪ ܟܕ ܡܝܐܟܠܬܐ ܢܩܬܒܠ"': ܘܡ ܬܬܪܣܝܐܼ
ܘܫܝܡܝܢ ,. ܢܘܪܐ ‎bh‏ ܘܕܢ̈ܓܝܓܬܐ ‎Jake οι»‏ ܘܠܥܝܢܐ7 ‎ye μα‏
ܘܡܘܩܕ ܕܠܐ ‎x‏ ܘܢܟܠܝܢܝܗܝ ܢ ܕܠܡܲܚܠܛܐ. ‎Lao‏ ܚܠܦ ‎où JA,‏ ܒܢܦܢܐ
ܕܬܚܝܘܬ ‎Ko‏ ܒܣܝܢܐ ܕܪ̈ܓܝܓܬܗ.. ܬ ܐ ܒܗ .+ ܕܗܼܘ ܢܣܩ ܡܢ ܣܝܢܗ
ܘܢܫܬܘܬܦ ‎Flan‏ ܘܩܠܝܠܘܬܗܿ. ܐܝܠܚܝܢ ܓܝܪ ܕܝ݀ܨܝܦܝܢ ܕܬܘܪܣܚܐ ܕܦܓܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ:

‎1. B ‏.ܐܦܠܐ ܫܠܬܐ‎ — 2, B μρω 5. — 3, B. ins. ‏.ܣܤܓܝ‎ — 1. B bete — 5, Boom. — ἢ, B ‏ܡܩܘܠ‎ . — 7. 1}
‏ܟܗ . ܘܠܥܬܝܢܝܒܗܤ‎ Magie. — 8. B corr. from ‏ܠܕܦܝܘܬܐ‎ and ins. 3).

‎one hour nat been treated by me as of any account, but not even a whole
year of days also ». Aud marvelling ] went out from the presence of the
blessed man, and used to repeat all these things to my brethren with trem-
bling. Now the blessed man's manner of life while he was in the monastery
was as follows, fasting from one evening to the next, and scanty food; and
indeed. with the freedom of speech (παῤῥησία! that 1 had acquired with him
l used to say to him, « In truth I wonder how vou live »; but he would an-
swer me, saying : >» What have | gained by feeding my body as if for
sacrifice down to the present time? Or ought 1 not to kuow that food
belongs to the creeping thing and the worms? Wherefore must I take fire
and scorch my eyelids? When the body receives foods and is nourished
and grows fat, the fire of passions and lusts is kindled in it, and it scorches
and burns the eyes of the soul so that they do not see aud restrain 1t from
sinning. Aud now, instead of it hanging to the soul so that itis hroughl
down and, wallows in the mire of the body's lusis, let the soul hang upon
it, that the body may rise out of its mire and share in he soul's purity
and lightness. Those who concern themselves with. the nourishment of their
bodies, thinking that it is a good thing, are weaving a rope of pigskin aud

‎* 11 17)(\ 1.
*A 4917 1
