‎OU A POOR STRANGER. 251‏ 2511[
ܠܥܘܡܪܐ ܕܒܗ ܐܢܐ ܐܝܬܝ ܗܘ̇ܝܬ. ܘܟܕ ܐܬܬܒܕܥ ܥܠ ‎x9]‏ ܗܝܚܡܢܘܬܐ ‎maso‏
‏ܪܘܚܐ: ܘܥܠ ܒܥܕܢܐ ܕܪܡܫܐ ܒܫܘܠܡ ܬܫܡܫܬܐ.. ܬܒܥܕܘܗܝ ܐܝܟ ܢܡܘܣܐ ‎NM‏
‏ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ,. ‎Na‏ ܥܠ ܦܬܘܪܐܼ ܕܣ̈ܒܐ:. ܗܿܢܘ ‎Amber‏ ܪܝܥܕܝܪܐ, ܘܗܼܘ ° ܟܕ ܗܕܐ
‎sas‏ - ܥܠ ܐܲܦܘ̈ܗܝ ܢܦܠ ܟܕ ܡܬܬܟܫܦ ܘܐܸܡܿܪ. ܕܫܒܘܩܘܢ ܠܝ ‎cos)‏ ܡܛܠ
ܡܫܝܚܐ. ܡܛܠ ܕܡܣܟܢܐ ܐܝܬܝ . ܘܠܗܕܐ܂ ܠܐ ܫܘܐ ‎ERE Jal‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ..
‎«sas‏ ܗܘܐ ܣܥܪܗ ܘܡܿܣܦܪ ܕܩܢܗ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܩܡܘ ‎JG‏ ܥܡܗ ܕܪܝܫܕܝܪܐ ܕܥܠ
‎où Jioks‏ ܢܘܬܒܘܢܝܗܝ.,. ‎ooo‏ ܟܕ ܕܒܫ̈ܩܢ ‎coudes]‏ ܒܐܪܥܐ܂ ‎Jo sas ko‏ ܕܥܝܼܒܕܘܢ
ܒܝ ܛܚܒܘܬܐ ܡܪܝ ܘܫܒܘܩܘܢ ‎(uM‏ ܕܥܠ ܚܕ ܡܝܢ ‎Joke» Lois‏ ܐ ܬܒ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ
ܕܒܝܢܗ ܚܝܼܙܐ ‎el Jer‏ ܕܫܒܘܩܘܢ ܢܣܥܘܪ ‎δὲ‏ ܕܡܢܝܚܐ ‎«ον‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܐܬܛܦܝܣ
ܕܢܝܼܩܘܡ ܡܢ | ܘܐܚܟ ‎ο)‏ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ܂. ‎Lu) ολο»‏ ܕܒܬܒ ܗܿܘܝܬ
ܥܠܘܗܝ ܶܨ ܘܟܕ ‎οὐ‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎vM Jÿoks Lg Maso ἽΝ pes Jou‏
ܗܘܝܢ. 130-00« ‎La‏ ܘܩܕܒܠܢ ܚܢܢ 5{ ‎où‏ ܚܕܝܐܝܬ܂ ܘܝܬܒܢܝܢ. ܘܟܕ ܐܬܬܣܝܡܡܬ
ܠܓܬܐ ܕܒܘܬܐܐ܂. ‎mass‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ‎ον a3‏ ܕܒܒܪܟ. ܘܗܼܘ ܬܘܒ ܡܦܝܣ ‎Jon‏
‏ܕܫܒܘܩܘܢ ‎SM‏ ܘܟܕ ܒܣܓ̈ܝܐܬܐ ‎Sale JI ep‏ ܘܬܗܝܪܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ ܒܚܪܝܚܘܬܗ

‎in which 1 myself was; and, when he had been questioned with regard to
the faith and made a defence, and had eome in at the hour of vespers at tho
end of the service, they required him according to the eustom (νόμος) which
they followed to sit at the seniors’ table, that is the archimandrite's;
and he on hearing this fell on his face in entreaty, saying : « Exeuse
me, my fathers, for Christ's sake; because [ am a poor man, and of this 1 am

‎, not worthy ».. But he was a man with sparse hair and long beard; and so

‎many with tho archimandrite himself among them rose to seat him at that
table; and he with his face cleaving to the ground entreated : « Do me a
favour, sir, and allow me to sit at one of the other tables ». And the archi-
maudrite, seeing his wish, said : « Let him do what he likes »: and 50 he
consented ἰο rise from the prouud. And, as if by the grace of God, he
directed his steps to the table at which 1 was sitting; and that though it was
in the middle, and we were sitting with other tables on both sides of us.

‎: , And we all rose and received that old man gladly and sat dowu. When a

‎dish of cooked food had been set on the table, the head of the table was
requesting him to pronounce the blessing; aud he again continued making
request saying, « Excuse me »; and he strongly urged him, and lie would not
agree; and we were astonished at the resistance whieh that old man made by

‎* 60 v* b.
