305 LIFE OF ZACHARTAS. ET

ψ isl. ‏ܩܛܪܬܗܿ. ܒܕܡܘܬܐ ܕܬܚܘܡܐ ܕܣܡ` ܝܥܩܘܒ ܘܠܒܢ ܘܐܡܼܪܘ.‎ idee
: ‏ܬܘܒ ܠܐ ܥܒܪ ܥܠܝܟ. ܗܟܢܐ ܣܡܿܬ ܗܕܐ ܐܬܐ‎ Lilo bo ‏ܥܠܝ ܝܓܪܐ‎ e
πο ‏ܩܕܠܝ܆. ܒܝܢܬ ܕܓܠܘܬܐ ܠܚܡܬܐ ܇. ° ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܫ̈ܡܫܢܝܗܝܢ ܡܫ̈ܡܫܢܐ‎
bot ‏ܬܚܘܡܐ‎ a ‏ܘܠܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ. ܘܦܠܣܩܬ ܥܠ ܢܦܫܝ. ܕܟܠ ܐܡܬܝ‎ [iN
wel! ‏ܬܫܒܘܩ ܠܚܡܬܐ ܕܬܥܘܠ ܡܢ ܠܒܪ. ܘܐܸܢ ܡܬܬܥܝܪܐ ܡܢ ܠܓܘ. ܕܠܐ‎ }
‏ܬܥܒܪܐ ܬܚܘܡܐ ܗܢܐ ܠܒܪ. ܘܠܐ ܬܘܒ ܕܓܠܘܬܐ ܣܟ ܬܦܘܩ ܡܢ ܠܓܘ. ܩܛܪ̈ܐ ܕܝܢ‎
‏ܕܐܛܪ. ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܬܠܬܐ ܩܛܪ̈ܐ܂. ܚܕ ܢܛܘܪܐ‎ ολο ‏ܘܠܝ‎ vues fI]:
SL re ‏:ܠܐ ܢܦܩܘܢ ܢܦܫܗܘܢ ܒܣܪ̈ܝܩܬܐ.‎ usa ‏ܩܕܡܝܐ‎ où ‏ܣܝܡ ܠܝ‎
‏ܛܥܝܘܬܐ ܥܠ ܪܥܝܢܝ: ܘܢܫܬܒܐ ܘܢܦܘܩ ܒܚܙܬܗ ܕܢܝܫܐ' ܡܢ ܟܠܝ ܂. ܐܬ݀ܥܗܕ ܢܦܝܝ‎

‎μ.ο‏ ܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ. ‎οὖιο‏ ܬܘܒ ‎Sh‏ ܕܥܘܗܙܢܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ . ‎M oot y‏ ܬܡܢ ܐ
ܡܪܚܩ.. ‎olo‏ ܠܐ ‎ej‏ ܢܪܚ" ܡܢ ܥܘܘܪܢܐ 0721 ‎Fest ° wol NO‏
ܒܝܫܬܐ ܕܛܥܝܘܬܐ ܘܬܣܟܒܚܘܗܝ ܠܗܘܢܝ,. ܟܕ ‎fau Do jj‏ ܡܢ ܟܠ

‎MIT Σπ ο ‏ܘܠܐ‎ LS ‏ܠܒܝ ܠܐ‎ es ‏ܗܟ‎ u
Seas ‏ܕܗ‎ le. S. ons, pe — 7, ‏ܐ|‎ 991 ile eo ‏ܕܝܢ ܥܡ‎ ds ‏ܕܒܘ ܙܝ‎ binas geo ‏ܘܢ‎ apps
11 3 πα δὲ. B fre.

‎1

‎ul instond of my neck Like tlie frontier whieli Jacoh aud Laban set up

‎and said, © shalt not pass this heap against me, and again will not pass
0 against thee ἐν so. [ set tliis emblent on mx neck, hetweeu Falsehood and
wratli, the ministers of which are ministers of Satan, amd not of God ; aud 1
inade a decree for uy soul that, whenever it saw his Frontier, ib should 1
low wruth to enter from without, and, if il shonld he stirred np from within,
luit it should again not pass tliis frontier 10 go outside, aud 0 again
ihould never go out [rout within. But these knots of the emblem 1 have pit
here fov private observation ; and, of these three huots, one, tie fest, Lave
Out there ἀπ ` guardian of my thoughts, lost they dissipate Hhemselves in
"uu things, and that, il error. gain douinion over my mind, and ‏)ܐ‎ be
suddenly eapturei and dissipated by (ie sight of au object, ¦ 0 remember
ny soul aud turn là God ; and thesecond again is guardian of tlie remembranec
M God, that, as ib docs not depart νόσος ueither παν my intelleet: also
lepart from the remembrauce of its Creator; aud, il again the evil of error
gain domiuion over and lake possession of my. intellect, when 1 see. this

‎V. Gen, ‏ܐܬܬ‎ 2.

‎MANU <

‏ܒ ܬ ܐ«
