[275] OF À MONK FROM THE SAME CONVENT. 275

ܬܘܕܝܬܐ ܠܝܟ ‎AD‏ ܒܐܚܪܢܐ ܬܘܒ .. ‎pr‏ ܐܢܬ ܒܪܘܝܢ. ܫܘܒܚܐ ܠܪܚܡܝܟ

ܡܚܝܢܝܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܦܐܪ̈ܐ܂. ‎que‏ ܒܟܠܗ ܥܕܢܐ ܕܬܫܡܫܬܗ ܡܘܠܕ ܗܘܐ..

ܘܠܫܡܝܐ ° ܣܒܝܣܐܝܬ ܕܠܐ ܢܠܝܐ ܡܿܫܕܪ ܗܘܐ. ‎oq‏ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܢܐ ܚܦܝܛܐ!. ܟܕ
‎Jats‏ ܡܪܝܪܐܝܬ ‎Says‏ ܥܠ ܐܸܦܘ̈ܗܝ ܩܕܡܝ.. ‎Ko‏ ܥܡܚ ‎pelo‏ ܠܝ . ܕܐܢܐ ܠܡ
‎sl -3l‏ ܠܚܫ ‎Ξε e‏ ܐܠܗܐ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ‎Lil Las‏ ܕܐܩܘܡ ‎Dee‏ ܗܳܝ ‎Jlasi‏
‏ܟܕ ܐܪܓܙܬܗܿ. ܕܠܗ̇ ܫܒܩܬ܂ ܘܥܡ ‎Hi‏ ܦܠܚܬ ܟܕ ܨܒܝܢܗ ‎Je‏ ܐܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ
‎Jot . NS hs‏ ܘܐܡܿܪܬ. ܕܡܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ‎Jas,‏ ܐܸܡܪ - ܟܕ ‎«xo bill‏
‎ooo‏ ܘܫܡܿܡܥܝܢ܂ ܘܬܡܝܗܝܢ. ]239 ܠܝ. ܚܛܛܗܐ ܪܒܐ ‎Jo MAL‏ ܡܫܟܚ ܐܢܐ
ܕܐܘ̇ܕܐ ܒܗ ܩܕܡ ܒ̈ܢܝ ‎ul‏ ܐܢܐ ܓܝܪ ‎"λα‏ ܕܕܠܡܐ ܢܣܚܘܢܐ ‎Mau;‏ ܡܕܡ
‎SR‏ ܒܗ ‎gor?‏ ܘܐܫܬ ‎τ‏ 557 ܐܢܐ ܠܗܼ ‎οἱ‏ ܠܝ ܚܛܗܟ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܡܬܚܖܼܪܐ
ܗܘܐ ܟܕ ‎fais‏ ܕܠܐ ܡܪܝ ܬܫܬܚܩ ܕܠܐ ܡܝܼܨܐ ܐܢܐ ܕܐܘܕܐ. ܐܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܡܛܠ ܕܣܝܿܒܪܬ
ܕܐܟܒܪ ܡܢ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܒܗܳܐ܂. ܦܪܩܕܬܗ ܠܚܕ ‎o Lilo jo‏ ܕܕܠܡܐ ܢܣܝܘܢܐ
‎μου‏ ܦܓܕܥ ‎ixl VO‏ ܘܠܐ ‎lost‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܐܦ ܠܚܝ̈ܠܬܢܐ ‎Mies‏ ܗܕܐ..
. ܚܛܝܦܐ ‎Ms,‏ .1

again, « Thanks to thee, our Iope » ; at another again, « Blessed art thou, our

Creator. Praise 10 thy merey, our Savionr » ; and thus his tongue would give
birth to these fruits all the time of his service, and would send them to hea-
ven in rapid succession without ceasing. This earnest! man tliercfore fell
on his face before me wecping bitterly. and spoke with me, and said to
me : « l, my father, am lost from before God; and from this time forth 1 am
ashamed to stand before that majesty inasmuch as F have provoked it; since 1
have deserted it aud have served with Satan, doing his will». But 1, when
heard it, was astounded, and said : « Tell me what the thing is », while
others also were standing and listening and marvelling. 110 says to me: « 1
have committed a great sin, and cannot confess it before men ». 1, thinking
that perhaps some temptation of fornication had somewhere come in his way
and he had fallen, say to him : « Tell me your sin ». But he objected, weeping,
« Be not vexed, sir, that | cannot confess. » But 1; becausel thought that per-
haps he would be asliamed in the presence of mans persons, took him apart,
and said to him : « In case the temptation of fornieation has come in your
way, say, and be not ashamed; because this happened to mighty men also,

1. The ms. reading might perh. be rendered “rapt' (v. D. and L, ^ ecstaticus"; but, as lag is
not known in Ihis seuse, I prefer the casy eurendation.

67

T^ à.
