ΡΙΟΥ" b.

ΚΔ] τὴν

212 IOHN OF ΕΡΗΕΡΙ 5. [212]

ܡܬܩܪܒܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܘܐܗ. ‎«Qoo, Lasado‏ ܡ̈ܥܩܐ!. ܘܚܘܪܐ ܫܦܝܪܐ ܠܟܠܗܘܢ
ܒܢܝ̈ܢܫܐ'. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܗܢܘܢ ܡ̈ܠܟܐ ܙܝ݀ܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܡܢ ܝܩܝܪܘܬܐ ܕܕܘܒܕ̈ܘܗܝ.
‎Vaso‏ ܡܕܡ ܦܘܩܕܢܗ ܡܿܫܡܠܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܩܠܝܬܗܼ ܒܝܬ ܢܝܚܐ
ܕܐܠܣܢܝܐ ܥܒܝܕܐ ܗܘܐ. ܘܟܕ ܗܝܡܝܣܝܢ ܒܚܘܡܐ ܠܦܝܬܘܪܗ ܣܝܡ ܗܘܐ:
ܣܛܪ ܡܢ ܐܢܠܠܘܡܛܐ ‎cen S‏ ܥܡ ‎JA Mes,‏ ܗܟܢܐ ܗܢܐ ܙܥܘܪ
‎σος‏ ܕܐܟ̈ܣܢܝܐ ܘܕܣ̈ܢܝܩܐ ‎v‏ ܗܘܘ ܠܘܬܗ . ܘܠܘ ‎Has‏
‎Lisa ons eo °‏ ܪܒܐ ‎Jasatwo‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ. ܝܕܝܥܐ ܕܝܢ
ܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎jew‏ ܒܟܠܗ̇ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ. ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܕܝܢ܂ ܒܦܠܛܛܝܢ. ܘܟܕ ‎IN‏
‎où γω‏ ܕܡܘܬܢܐ ܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܥܠ ܥܠܡܐ ‎ass‏ ܘܐܦ ‎où‏ ܒܝܕ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ ܒܗ
‎xl‏ ܟܕ ܠܐ ‎e as où ska)‏ ܒܬܪ ‎ease‏ ܠܓܡܪ ܠܓܒܪܐ ‎où y‏
ܕܣܒܝܪ ܗܘܐ ܕܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܝܬܝܪ ܡܢ ܚܡܫܐ' ܩܢܛܝܢܪ̈ܐ'.. ܐܠܐ ‎εἰ‏ ܕܝܢܪܐ ܚܕ
ܘܦܠܓܗ. ܘܟܕ ܣܝܿܒܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎Janus‏ ܕܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܘܐܫܬܩܠܘ ܡܢ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ܂.

1. ‏ܟܠܗܘܢ ܐܐ‎ Jantes. — 2. B bal eamm. — ἃς D annos -— ἃ, Pins. Les sie), L 5, Bibas.
— ἃ A om, — 7, A ‏.ܚܬܡܫܡܐܐ ܐ[ ܟܚܘܒܫܐ‎ — s, B (us (sie).

alllicted who used to repair to him from all quarters, and a comforter of all
the distressed, and a noble example to all men; so that even the king and
queen themselves stood in awe of his venerable mode of life, and they execu-
ted his orders in everything; and thus his cell had in consequence become
a house of rest for strangers. And, while half a denarius (ἡμίσεον) ἃ day
was allotted to his table, besides the cost (ἀνχλώματα) of his hondservants in
addition to other matters, so this was not large enough for the expenditure
on the strangers and the needy who used to come to him ; and not only so,
but to the senators (τυγκλετικοῦ themselves he was a great comfort aud support;
aud he was very well-kuown all over the city, but especially in the palace
(παλάτιον. Mad, when the sentence of pestilence went forth upon the world
from God', he also too was carried off in it by the command; aud in his
cell as the property of ἃ man who might be supposed to have more than five
hundred. pounds! weight 0 of gold? nothing whatever was found
a^ er his death except a denarius and a half. And, while men supposed that
Li nad meney and the coins had been taken by others, there was found ἃ

3913 of 532. — ὃν ‏ܬ‎ cipes 22.900. = Er, 562,600.

|

|
|
|
|

|
