[357] OF A POOR STRANGER. 257

ܕܥܡܠܗܘܢ ܐܟܠܝܢ ܚܢܢ܇. ܕܢܬܒ ܢܬܦܪܓܐ ܒܡܡܠܝܠܐ ‎JL‏ ܘܡܛܝܠ
‎ua N seo‏ ܒܐܠܗܐ,. ‎Ju‏ ܡܛܘܠ ‎«ολοι‏ ܒܪܡܫܐ ‎[soo‏ ܣ̈ܠܟܝ ‎M‏ ܟܕ
ܐܡܿܪ ‎-μὶ‏ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܐܪܐ ܒܪܢܥܐ ܕܡܝܢ ܛܚܝܒܝܘܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܡܝܬܬܪܣܐ ܘܡܢ ܚܛܗܐ
ܕܒܢܫ̈ܬܦܐ܆. ܠܐ ܙܐ'ܥ ‎ος»‏ ܕܢܝܬܐ ܡܠܬܐ ܒܥܢܚܢܐ ‎chiot‏ ܥܡ ܕܬܘܕܝܬܐ ܘܨܠܘܬܐ
ܕܚܠܦ ‎Lars‏ ܘܥܘܗܕܢܐ ‎LAON‏ ܕܟܕ ‎qM‏ ܘܡܛܪܦܚܝܢ ܘܐܠܝܨܝܢ ܘܚܣܝܪܝܢ
ܘܣܢܝܩܝܢ  ‎S' où.‏ ܗܟܢܐ ܕܠܐ ‎Lis‏ ܘܕܠܐ ‎ολλ ος‏ ܘܙܡܝܢ ܠܗ ܬܫܝ̈ܥܝܬ | ‎ΝΑ‏
‏ܐܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܘܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ ܡܢ ܣܒܐ ‎où‏ ܫܡܿܥܬ܇. ܗܺܝ ܕܗܼܝ ܠܚܘܕ ܠܚܡܐ ܗܘܬ ‎MS‏
‎Ras ils ie)‏ ܟܕ ‎μὲ ol‏ ܒܗ ° ܒܓܒܪܐ ܗܢܐ ܕܬܕܡܘܪܬܐ ܘܨ ܕܝܕ ‎solo Jo]‏
ܘܐܦ ܕܐܝܟܢ ‎Lasers‏ ܥܠ ‎.-Jichs‏ ܐܦ ܠܐ ‎κ.‏ ܣܘܪ̈ܦܬܐ܂ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܐܬܛܦܝܣ
‎ses‏ ܐܝܟ ܚܕܐ. ܘܐܝܟ ܗܕܐ ܓܘܡܕܢܘܬܐ ‎Maa] ΣΕ Ses‏ ܒܝܢܝ ܘܠܝ
ܟܕ ‎bon πὶ xls‏ ܓܒܪܐ ‎.,οοι Lune‏ 5010 ܐܦ ܡܪܐ ܢܦܢܗ ‎«οοι‏ ܘܠܝܬ ‎οὐ‏
‎pas:‏ ܠܗܼ ‎solo οἷν uso‏ ܐܦܠܐ ܣܘܥܪ̈ܢܐ ܕ ܫܘܥܒܕܐ ܕܝܨܝܦܘܬܐ ܘܶܛܫܝܢ ‎Ns‏
‏ܘܡܛܘܠ ܗܕܐ ܡܫܟܚ ܕܗܢܐ ܩܢܘܢܐ ‎is od;‏ ܚܢܢ ܕܝܢ ‎aL]‏ ܣܐܦܩܝܢܝܢ.

1. Ms. ‏ܕܐܘܡܝܬܢ‎ . — 2, Ms. teme

that! we should sit and enjoy ourselves in idle talk? And, because you
adjured me by God, lo! these are the reasons for which last evoning and now
my sobs came up, since I said : ‘How then (zx) can the heart of a man
who is fed by God's bounty and mens’ sin not tremble to emit words in
any other kind of conversation beyond that of thanks and prayer on behall
of the needy and remembrance of those who are working and suffering
hardship and distress and want and need, while he is sitting tlius without
care and without fear, and concerning himself with frivolous stories? ». lon
hearing these things from that οἷά man did the only thing that was proper
for me to do, I bowed my face to the ground, marvelling at this extraordinary
man and fixing my gaze on him, and further also too how! in the evening at
table he would not consent to take even two sips only together. And such
is our presumptuous impudence that ! thought to myself while 1 was stand-
ing, « This man is a solitary, and further also he is his own master, and
there is none to command him, and it is easy for him; and moreover neither
is he pressed by matters of the obligation of domestic business; and there-
fore he ean observe this amazing canon (κανών. But how are we able to

1. Sic syr.
PATR. OR. — T. XVII. — F. 1. 18

* 62 v^ ἃ.
