1

L

‎LIFE OF SIMEON THE MOUNTAINEER, 237‏ ]237[
ܕܟܪ̈ܣܬܛܝܢܐ. ܘܟܕ ܩܝ̣ܪܒ ܠܘܬܗܿ܂. ܥܠ ܘܚܙܗ̇ ‎Lise,‏ ܩܝ̈ܣܐ ܘܟ̈ܐܦܐ ܘܥܦܪܐ. 1999

‏ܛܘܒܢܐ܂ ܡܪܝܪܐܝܬ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ‎ο)‏ ܐܢܫܐ ܡܢ ܩܪܝܬܐ ܓܒܪܐ ܣܟܐ ܐܒܚܠܐ ܕ
‎cro JS‏ ܠܘܬܗ ܚܕ ܡܢ ܣܒ̈ܐ܂ ܘܐܬ݀ܒܪܟ ܡܢܗ. ܘܫܐܠܗ ‎où‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ.. ܕܐܸܢ
ܐܝܬ ܘܗܢܐ ܗܪܟܐ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܐܡܪ ‎«ο‏ ܕܠܐ ܗܼܘܐ ܠܗ ܒܗܠܝܢ )15 ܟܗܢܐ ܗܪܟܐ.
ܘܦܐܠܗ ܬܘܒ . ܘܐܦܢ ܐܚܐ܂ ‎el‏ ܡܶܢ ܕܗܼܘ. ܘܐܡܪ ܠܗܼ ܕܠܝܬ ܗܪܟܐ. ܘܬܘܒ ܘܐܦ ܠܗ
ܫ݀ܐܠ܂. ܕܐܝܟܐ ‎ο‏ ܐܬܘܢ ܩܘܪܒܙܐ. ܐܡܪ ܠܗ. ‎«ἐν‏ ܗܽܘܐ ܣܘܥܪܢܐ ܠܚܕ ܡܢܢ
ܘܐܣܬܬܩܒܠ ܒܝܕܐ ܡܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ ‎Ko Sas ao‏ ܕܝܢ |ܐ.. ܗܪܟܐ܂ ܠܝܬ ‎aJ)‏
‏ܗܕܐ ܒܛܝܠܝܘܬܐ ܕܩܘܪܒܬܐ. ܐܡܪ ܠܗ. ܘܡܬܛܘܠ ܡܢܐ ܠܝܬ ܠܟܘܢ ܟܗ̈ܢܐ. ܐܡܪ
ܠܗܼ ܕܠܝܬ ܠܢ ‎ils‏ ܠܗ. ܘܐܝܟܢ ܐܝܬܝܟܘܢ ܟܪ̈ܣܬܛܝܢܐ:. ܟܕ ܥܝܕܐ ‎Luis,‏
‏ܠܝܬ ܠܟܘܢ. ܟܕ ܕܚܢ ܡܠܠ ܥܡܗ ܕܐܝܟ ܗܠܚܢ.. ‎qe]‏ ܠܗ. ܬܐ ܢܟܢܘܫ ܘܢܬܩܢ
ܥܕܬܐ ܗܕܐ ‎lv‏ ܐܢܐ ‎So às ο)‏ ܝܘܡܬܐ. ܗܢܘܢ ܕܝܢ ‎QD‏ ܘܢܓܠܘ
ܘܐܬܩܝܼܢܘ. ‎polo‏ ܠܗ. ‎aul»‏ ܠܝ ܠܡܚܪ ‎LOS‏ ܢܦܫ̈ܬܐ ° ܕܐܝܬ ܒܐܓܘܪܣܐ ܗܢܐ.

‎And, when he had eome up to it, he went in and saw that it was full of
wood and stones and dust; and the blessed man wept bitierly. Bat, some
men from the village having seen an old anchorite enter the chureh, one
of the old men came up to him, and received his blessing; «nd the
blessed man asked him, « !s there a priest here? ». Ile said to him:
« There has not been a priest here during these times. » And he asked
him again ` « And not even a brother‘ or anyone whatever? ». lle said
to him, « There is none here. » Again he went on to ask him also,
« Where do you receive the oblation? ». Ile says to him : « If one. of us
has business aud has happened to be present in one of these villages, he
receives; if not, no one here has tliis coneern for the oblation. » Île says
to lim : « And wherefore have you no priests? ». Me says to him, « It is
not our eustom. » Ile says to him : « And how are you Christians, wheu
you do not follow the custom of Christians? ». After eonversing with
him in this fashion he says [0 him : « Come let us swoep out and tidy up
this chureh, for 1 wish io take up my abode in it for a few days. » And
they swept and scoured(?}? and tidied. And he said to him : « Gather
together for me to-morrow all the souls that are in this hamlet, men and

‎180. a lay monk, — 2, No such meaning of Ne is known Lo the lexieons,

‎57 1 b.
