* ooh v? D,

374 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [274]

ܗܘܬ ܠܗ. ‎Jon‏ ܠܡ ܐܪܚܩܝܼܬ ܠܝ ܡܝܢ ܪܬܚܐ ܕܠܘܬ ‎Jo‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ! ܕܠܐ ܡܨܐ ܗܘܐ
ܕܐܼܢܫ ܢܚܙܝܘܗܝ܆. ܗܳܝ ܕܐܦܬܐ ܠܟܠܗܘܢ ‎Koo.‏ ܐܠܐ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܗܢܐ . ܟܕ ܐܐ ‎sk‏
‏ܚܝܪܗ ܠܦܘܒܚܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܗܟܢܐ ܢܦܢܗ ܥܡ ܦܓܪܗܼ ܠܥܠ ܢܬܝܕܦܐ ‎Nas) doo‏
ܟܡܐ ܕܢܬܒܐܩܕܐ ܗܘܐ ܐܢܫ ܒܦ̈ܣܐ ܕܢ̈ܓܠܘܗܝ.. ܟܕ ܬܠܝܢ ܥܩ̈ܒܘܗܝ ܒܟܠܥܕܢ..
ܘܣ̈ܠܩܢ ܘܢܚ̈ܬܢ ° ܚܝܙܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ. ܕܗܟܢܐ ܡܬܚ ܗܘܐ ܢܦܫܗ ܠܥܠ. ܘܒܚܝܕ ܥܕܢܐ
ܥܠܝܗܝܢ ܕܪܝܫ ‎LS,‏ ܩܐܡ ܗܘܐ .. ܐܝܟ ‎o «amu Joy où‏ ܘܒܥܕܢܐ ܐܚܪܢܐ
ܕܠܐܝ̈ܢ ܗܘܝ ‎Las eds cag‏ ܗܘܐ ܦܣ̈ܘܗܝ ܘܬܘܒ ܬܠܐ ܗܘܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ܂ ‎Ans‏
‏ܬܫܡܫܬܐ. ‎Lin)‏ ܕܐܠܘ ܥܕܠܘ ‎ο»‏ ܒܚܝܢܬܗܘܢ.. ܠܐ ܢܪܓܫ ܒܗܘܢ ܘܢܪܟܢ ‎Je‏
‏ܕܥܝ̈ܢܘܗܝ ܡܝܢ ܫܡܝܐ. ܐܝܟ ܡܐ ܕܐܢܐ ܟܕ ܡܣ ܬܩܒܠ ‎Joot‏ ܩܕܡܝ ܒܬܫܡܫܬܐ..
16 ܗܽܘܝܬ ܒܪܬܚܐ ‎cam‏ ܕܩܕܡ ܐܠܗܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ܬܚܝܬ ܥܛܛܦܬܗ
ܟܣܝܐܝܬ. ܗܢܘ ܕܝܢ ܗ̈ܢܝܢ' ܦܣ̈ܐ ܡܝ̈ܬܝܚܢ ܗ̈ܘܝ. ܘܟܠܗ ܥܡ ܟܠܗܼ ܠܥܠ
ܢܬܝܦ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܣܟ ܦܬܓܡܐ ‎άρον‏ ܡܝܢ ܦܘܡ ܗ ܕܠܐ ܬܫܒܘܚܬܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܬܘܕܝܬܐ܂
ܠܝܬ ‎fou‏ ܦܘܪܣܐ. ‎kiss‏ ܟܘܠ ܚܕ ܚܕ ‎M.‏ ܡ ܐ ܘܒܚܐ ܠܟ ‎Lise‏ ܬܘܒ܂

1. Here follows an erased word of about 3 letters, tho last being 9 — 2. Corr, v. D. and L, tua.
— 3. Conj. v. D. and L. bis. — 4. Ms, oi

fervour toward God »); so that it was impossible for anyone to see him (and
neither did this man so act in common with all, but. specially *) without his
eyes extended towards heaven, his soul also being in this way drawn. upward
with his body, so that, whenever anyone observed the soles of his feet, he
would see him with his heels always raised, and moving up and down, so
11:81 in this way his soul was extended upwards, and at one moment he would
sland upon the very tips of his toes, as if he were in the act of ascending, and
at another moment, when his toes were tired, he would let his soles drop,
and again raise them, and so all the service; so that, if barbarians? came in
among them, he would be unaware of them and wonld not lower tlie gaze of
his eyes from heaven: insomuch that 1, when he happened to he in front
of me at the service, was amazed at the fervour of his soul before God, since
his hands also under his robe, that is the palms themselves, were secretly
extended, and] every part of him was being drawn upwards, while not a
sentence was allowed to pass out from his mouth. without an expression of
praise or thaunksgiving between each several sentence, « Praise to thee, Lord »;

1. 1] is the best (hal T can make of this sentence, which ís probably corrupl. — 2, V. D. and L.

Εμ rs".

|
