‎LIFE OF SIMEON ΤΗΕ MOUNTAINEER. 239‏ ]239[
ܒܠܚܘܕ ‎Ώρας‏ ܘܝܪܐ ‎e «οι‏ ܐܦ ܗܢܘܢ ܫܡܿܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܡܕܡ ܕܡܡܠܠ.
ܘܚܝܪܝܢ ܒܗ ܟܕ ܬܡܝܗܺܝܝܢ.. ‎Ά ο‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܕܡܬܐ ܙ ܐܡܪܘ ‎ow.‏ ܕܝܢ ܬܘܒ܂ ‎pol‏
‏ܠܘܬܗܘܢ. ܐܐ ܡܡܠܠܝܢ ‎E‏ ܗܢܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܐܡܪܘܢ ܠܘܬܗ. ܕܡܢܐ ܠܚܡ ܡܪܝ
ܐܝܬ ‎X wb ον‏ ܐܢܫ ܕܐܸܡܿܪ ܠܢ ܡܕܡ ܐܘ ‎a‏ ܠܢ ܠܝܬ. ܘܗܢܐ ܡܕܡ
ܕܐܸܡܿܪ ܐܢܬ . ܠܐ ܫܡܝܥ ‎X‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܠܘ ܟܬܒ̈ܐ ‎is Rare‏ ܐܡܪ ܠܗܘܢ . ‎J|‏
‎κος”‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎«ου‏ ܝܫܘܥ ܡܫܝܚܐ ܢܚܕܬ ܡܝܢ ܫܡܝܐ: ‎Mo‏ ܦܓܪܐ ܕܝܠܢ
ܡܢ ܒܬܘܠܬܐ ܡܛܘܠ ܦܘܪܩܢܢ: ܘܐܬܗܦܟ ܥܡ ‎Last i5‏ ܐܝܟ ܒܪ ‎Opal‏
‏ܪܓܝܢܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎JI οἱ Aes‏ ܐܡܪܝܢ ܠܗ ܣܟܦ̈ܐ ܕܒܗܘܢ. ‎Mel‏ ܡܪܝ ‎das‏
‏ܗܠܝܢ. ܐܸܡܪ ܠܗܘܢ. ‎Lans‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܟܕ ‎Jis‏ ܠܐ ܝܕܥܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ . ܬܘܒ
‎JI‏ ܝܕܥܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܚܠܦܝܢ ܚܫ ‎Mile Jo‏ ܒܙܩܫܦܐ: ܘܐܬܩܒܥ ‎hf‏
‎ous; Maille '‏ ܒܠܝܘܟܝܬܐ: ܘܪܕܘ ܡܢܗ ܕܡܐ ‎Lio‏ ܚܘܣܝܐ ‎Last Dis‏
ܘܕܡܹܝܬ ܘܒܡܘܬܗ ܩܛܠܗ ܠܡܘܐܬܢ: ܘܩܡ ܠܬܠܬܐ ܝܘ̈ܡܝܢ ܐܝܟ ‎eno)‏
‏ܘܐܩܝܡ ܠܢ ܥܡܗ: ܟܕ ‎à‏ ܐܘܪܚܐ ‎ao‏ ܠܢ ‎Jo‏ ܕܥܬܝܕܐ ܠܢ: ܘܦܓܪܗ

‎1. Ms. wilh points. — 2. Corr. from. κα

‎to it in order that it may be instructed only hears and looks at him, so they
also heard what he was speaking, and looked at him in astonishment, and
they had nothing to sav. But he again said to them : « Do you not speak? ».
They said to him : « What, sir, can we say to you? "There is no one to say
anything to us or teach us: aud this which you say lias never reached our
ears; since we do not know the Seriptures. » Ile says to thein : « Know
you not that our Lord Jesus Christ came down from heaven, and clothed
himself in our body from a Virgin for our salvation, and consorted with men
as a man? are. you aware of these things, or not? ». The old men among
them say to him : « Yes, sir, we hear these things ». [16 says to them :
« Do you hear only without knowing the truth? Know you not moreover
that God suffered for our sake, and was suspended on the cross, and was
fastened with nails and his side was pierced by a lance, and blood and water
flowed from him as a propitiation for men, and that he died and by his death
slew our death, and rose after three days as it is written and raised us with
lim, having trodden the road and shown us the resurrection that shall be ours,
and before he suffered broke his body and blood' in an upper room and

‎I. Sie syr..
