‎LIFE OF SIMEON THE MOUNTAINEER. 341‏ 2417[
‎Lao‏ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ ܘܙܥܘܪ̈ܐ܂ ܘܬܘ ܐܬܩܝܪܒܘܢ. ܗܼܢܘܢ ܕܝܢ ‎aS sco‏ ܡܠܬܗ ܢ . ܘܐ ܙܠܘ ܨܡܘܼ
ܘܐܬܘ. ܐܡܿܪ ܠܗܘܢ. ܡܛܠ ܡܢܐ ܠܐ ܥܒܝܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܟܘܢ ܒ̈ܢܝܟܘܢ ‎Hans mis‏ |
ܘܝܠܚܦܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܘܗܿܘܝܢ ‎Hex Jos‏ ܘܡܫܡܼܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܟܘܢ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ.
ܐܡܪܝܢ ‎«ο‏ ܡܪܝ ܂. ܠܐ ܡܣܤܣܬܦܩܝܢ ܕܢܕܫܒܟܩܘܢ ‎Jj"‏ ܘܢܐܠܦܘܢ ܡܕܡ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ
ܡܝܗ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܒܦܫܝܛܛܘܬܗܘܢ ܘܒܡܗܡܝܢܘܬܗܘܢ ܕܐܲܢܫ̈ܐ. ܠܝܼܒܕ ܩܘܪܒܢܐ܂ ‎@laso‏ !
ܐܢܘܢ. ܘܗܝܕܝܢ ܦܬܚܘ ܦܘܡܗܘܢ.. ܘܟܪܝܘ ܡܘܕܝܢ ܠܐܠܗܐ ܕܫܕܪܗ ܠܗܘܢ . ܟܕ ܣܡ
ܠܗܘܢ ܬܚܘܡܐ.. ܕܢܗܘܘܢ ܟܠ ܚܕܒܫܒܐ ܡܬ ‎Kaas‏ + ܟܕ ‎RS‏ ܢܦܢܗܘܢ ܡܢ |
ܓܘܕܦܐ ܘܡܢ ‎Jess‏ ܘܡܢ ‎ολο‏ ܡܛܠ ‎pl‏ ܩܡܨܐ ܚܕ | ܚܥܝܒ ‎Joo‏
‏ܠܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܕܡܐ ܕܒܪ ܐܢܫܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܕܚܒܪܗ ‎οἱ‏ ܕܢܘܟܪܝܐ܂ ܘܠܝܝܬܐ ܕܬܒܥ. ‎οοι‏ ܕܚܢ
ܛܘܒܢܐ܂ ܒܥܬܐ ‎ss‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܠܒܕ. ܘܟܠ ‎SN‏ ܥܠܘܗܝ ‎DEN. μοι‏ ܓܿܠܙܗ ‎"d‏

‏ܡܢ ‎Las‏ ܕܟܪ̈ܣܛܛܝܢܐ. ‎ye‏ ܚ̈ܢܦܐ ܘܝܗ̈ܘܕܝܐ ‎D‏ ܗܘܘ. ܘܗܝ ܕܝܢ ‎loo‏
‏ܥܠܝܗܘܢ ܕܚܠܬܐ ܩܠܝܠ. ܘܕܐܠܗܐ܂ ‎so‏ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ. ܟܕ ܡܿܥܕܐ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܿܝܬܐ

‏ܠܒܝܬܐ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܛܘܪ̈ܐ.. ܘܡܢ ܕܪܝܫ ܡܬܠܡܕ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܝܢ | ‎à‏

‎¦ break bread on the first day of the week, and bring it me; and all of you,

‎great and small, meet together, and eome and present yourselves ». And
+ Whey consented to his proposal, and went aud fasted, and came. He says to
|. them : « Wherefore have your sons not been made sons of the covenant!,
; | and been instructed and placed in this church, and been making you hear
God's word? «, They say tohim : « Sir, they have not time to leave the goats
; | andlearn anything ». The blessed man, marvelliug at the people's simpleness
i and carelessness, made the oblation, and communicated them ; and then they
4 | opened their mouth, and began to give thanks to God who sent him to them;
;' While he laid an injunetion upon them that they should meet together every
; | first day of the week, keeping themselves from blasphemy and from forni-
& | cation, and from murder; because none of them reckoned the blood of a man,
" either of his neighbour or of a stranger, as worth one locust, aud there was
: none to require it; but the blessed man made an inquiry into these things,
| and everyone in whose case he learned. that this thing had taken place he
| deprived of Christian fellowship, and they were set apart as pagans and Jews.
ÿ | Aud then they began to feel a little fear, both of God and of the blessed man

‎d ¦ himself, while lie. eontinued sending and fetching all who were on the

‎1. I. e. received the (irsl lonsure lor orders or monaslicism.
PATR. OR. — T, XVII, — F. 1.

‎"
