[335] LIFE OF SIMEON THE MOUNTAINEER. 235

| ‏ܕܚܝܿܙܐ ܐܢܬ.‎ ad ‏ܠܘ ܚܢܢ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܐܝܬܝܼܢ. ܐܠܐ ܐܝܬ ܐܢܫܐ ܒܗܠܝܢ‎ so e
| ‏ܝܕܥ ܡܢܐ‎ Ji ‏ܕܠܐ ܐܢ ܝܫܡܥ ' ܡܢ ܐܒܗ̈ܘܗܝ ܕܐܘܒܠܘܗܝ ܠܥܕܬܐ ܘܐܥܡܝܸܕܘܗܝ܂.‎
‏ܠܗܘܢ..‎ Loà ‏ܗܕܐ‎ 2a -. Lis ‏ܕܐܦ ܗܢܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܗ̇ܘܚܢ ܠܗܘܢ‎ Là ‏ܗܝ ܥܕܬܐ.‎
‏ܠܗ ܠܚܕ‎ Nas. ‏ܕܝܢ ܐ ܠܐ‎ 4e al ‏ܘܢܥܡܕܕܘܢ‎ LS ‏ܕܒܥܠܬܗܘܢ ܢܥܥܘܢ‎
! ‏ܕܝܢ‎ E ‏ܥܡܪܝܝܢ ܚܢܢ.‎ Jed E Jex » JH ‏ܠܥܕܬܐ ܡܢ ܕܗܘܼܐ.‎ «ue
JA. JA y ‏ܐܡܪܬܘܢ‎ ei» pans ‏ܠܗܘܢ.‎ Hole [aso oil ‏ܛܘܒܢܐ‎
‎.̇ ‏ܐܢܝ̈ܢ ܒܪܘܝܐ ܟܬ ܪ‎ hs ‏ܐܝܟ‎ πλου ‏ܓܝܪ ܛܒ ܡܝܬܪ̈ܢ ܡܢܟܘܢ. ܡܛܘܠ‎
LS ‏ܓܕ̈ܟܝ ܥܠ ܒܪܘܝܗܝܢ. ܘܡܛܠܗܕܐ‎ οἱ ‏ܛܠܡܝ‎ οἱ oS SAN] ‏ܟܕ ܠܐ‎
‏ܟܕ ܒܪܟܘܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܒܨܠܡܗ ܘܒܕܡܘܬܗ: ܘܝܗܼܒ ܠܟܘܢ ܦܓܪܗ‎ ΟΣ ‏ܐܢܬܘܢ‎ M y
‏ܘܕܡܗ ܠܚܝܫ̈ܐ ܘܠܦܘܪܩܢܐ ܕܢܦܬ̈ܬܟܘܢ.. ܗܐ ܓܠܝܼܙܬܘܢ ܢܦܢܟܘܢ ܡܢ ܚܝ̈ܐ ܕܠܥܠܡ.‎
‏ܘܡܟܝܚܠ܂ ܡܢܐ ܣܒܪܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܟܘܢ‎ Jan ‏ܣܓܝ ܝܬܚܪ ܡܢ‎ cris ‏ܘܗܘܼܝܬܘܢ‎
‏ܐܦ° ܠܐ ܕܡܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܟܪܣܛܝܢܘܬܐ| ܪܓܝܫܝܢ ܐܢܬܘ . ܘܟܕ ܡܠܠ‎ Jon ."]ο ‏ܠܘܬ‎

ܥܡܗܘܢ ܘܐܪܬܝ ‎Aa) vase gil‏ ܘ݀ܦܢܝ. ܘܟܕ ܡܥܩ ‎«uo salas‏ ܒܝܢܘܗܝ

1. Ms. ‏ܗܘ‎ — 2, Ms. y.

only we who are so, but there are men on these mountains whieh you see
who, unless they have heard from their fathers, who earried then to ehurch
and had them baptized, do not know what a ehureh is. And this same thing
happens now also to those who have children horn to them ; on their aceount
they go into à chureh and have them haptized; otherwise none of us has
entered à church since he was born; but we live on these mountains like
| animals. » ‘The blessed man marvelled and wept, and said to them : « Well
lave you said ‘like animals’, my sons. For animals are much better than
you; since these have remained as the Creator created them, without changing
or being uugrateful to or blaspheming against their Creator: and for this
reason they do not come to judgment. But, as for you, God ereated. you in

¦ his image and in his likeness, and gave you his body and blood for the life
and salvation of your souls, and you have deprived yourselves of eternal life,
and have become very wild, surpassing the auimals. And now what hope
have you toward God? for lo! vou are unaware even of what Christianity
is. » And, having spoken with them and warned them, he left them and
departed. And, being troubled in his thoughts, he would say to himself,

56

va
