ἡ δὴ rob.

230 JOIIN OF EPHESUS. [230]

ܛܒܝܥ ܠܒܢ ܘܥܘܝܪ ܡܕܠܢ܇. ܘܠܐ ‎fes: où ολ...‏ ܠܢ :. ‎ο‏
‏ܠܢ ‎dois‏ ܡܢ ܠܐ ܡܕܡ: ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܚܢܢ ‎fas‏ ܬܚܘܒܐ ‎que il‏ ܘܡܬܬܙܝܥܝܢ
ܚܢܢܼ ° ‎Role‏ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܝܗܼܒ ܠܢ ‎οὐ‏ ܒܬܪܘܝܐ ܛܒܐ ܣܘܩܐ 5 ‎ἢ‏ ܗܢܐ ܕܟܝܐ ܠܩܘܝܡܐ
ܕܚܝ̈ܝܢ ܕܠܐ ‎Jis)‏ ܪܒܒ ܥܢ ܐܘܪܓܢܘܢ ܠܡܠܬܐ:. ܘܩܠܐ ܘܦܘܡܐ ܘܣܦ̈ܘܬܐ
ܘܠܦܢܐ ܘܫܡܝ ܚܟܐ. ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ‎pcs‏ ܢܘܗܪܐ ‎Ras‏ ܕܢܗܘܐ ܡܫܘܕܥܢܐ ܘܡܕܒܪܢܐ
ܠܟܠܗ ܦܓܪܐ. ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܬܘܒ ܫܡܼܥܐ ܒܐܕ̈ܢܐ ‎won‏ ܘܣܘܩܐ ܒܙ ܝ ܚܕ̈ܐ܆. ܘܣܘܟܘܠܐ ܒܠܒܐ
‎sus‏ ܘܢܦܪܘܫ ‎Les‏ ܪ̈ܓܫܘܗܝ܆. ܠܒܪܝܬܐ ܗܕܐ ‎Lors‏ ܠܗ. ܘܬܘܒ ]8 ܡܝܙܘܢܝܐ
ܒܟܠܙܒܝܢ ‎Was‏ ܫܘܚܠ̈ܦܐ܇ ‎opc. aa‏ ܕܦܓܪܐ ܝܗ̇ܒ ‎οὖν‏ ܘܬܘܒ ܘܐܦ ܠܢܦܢܐ
ܐܝܟ ‎ona»‏ ܘܒܕܡܘܬ ܩܠܝܠܘܬܗܿ. ܚܝ̈ܐ ‎fenes‏ ܐܝܟ ܪܘܚܢܘܬܗ̇ ܝܗܼܒ ‎vsolo D‏
ܥܡ ܗܠܝܢ ܛܝܒܘܬܗ ܒܕܡܘܬ ‎Je Bel‏ ܙܗܝܪܐܝܬ ܥܠ ‎Su‏ ܒܠܠܝܝܐ
ܘܒܐܝܡܡܐ.. ‎Jamo‏ ܘܡܶܫܘܙܒܐ܂ ܘܡܢܬܛܪܐ ܠܢ ܡܢ ‎Lai‏ ܘܡܢ ܣܩܘ̈ܒܐܐ ܕܢܟܝ̈ܢܐ
‎JN ασὴ‏ ܘܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ ܟܘܠܗܝܢ ܛܝܒܘ̈ܬܐ ‎je‏ ܥܡܝܢ ܗܢܐ ܒܪܘܝܢ ܡܪܚܡܢܐ:

+ Η

things of this false and. deceitful world? À great thing it is how our heart
is sunk and our mind bliuded, and we do not consider the bounties of him
who created us, aud brought us into existence out of nothing, how we, feeble
dust of the earth, ‘live and move and exist'', how the good Creator gave us
the. breath of this pure air (és) to sustain. our life without anxiety, how he
put together for us an organ. (Zeyavoy) for speech, and ἃ voice and a mouth
and lips and a tongue and a palate, how he infused light into the pupils of
our eyes, that it might be an informant and a. director to the whole body,
how again Le bestowed hearing in the cars and breath in the nostrils, and
understanding iu the heart, that by means of ils perceptions it might know
and diseern creation which declares him; and, again, that he always gives
aliment also in all varieties for the sustenanee of the body, and again to the
soul also besides, in accordance with its nature and after the pattern of its
airiness, he gave spiritual life according to its spirituality, and again besides
these things his grace like à watehlul guardian stands carefully over our life
by night and by day aud delivers and guards us from mishaps and from all
détriment that evil things may chance to do, and while this our merciful

1 Neb; x VIS 28.

