‎OF A POOR STRANGER. 253‏ :253(
ܗܕܐ ܕܚܠ ܡܢ ‎E» polo furo où‏ ܐܢܬ ܐܒܘܢ ܕܢܝܬܐ ܠܟ ‎BURNER‏
‎EE,‏ ܫܒܘܩܘܢ ܠܝ. ܕܐܢ ܩܪܝܪ̈ܐ ‎fuite (Jo‏ ܗܟܢܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܝ ‎he‏ ܕܒܩܠܝܠ
‎ο ο. ο‏ ܚܢܢ. ‎foa ο‏ ܕܡܢ ‎[aol‏ ܡܪܝ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇
ܩܕܝܫܘܬܟ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܐܝܟ ‎Jess Laos Jon‏ ܟܕ ܕܬܐ ܐܪܟܢ ܪܝܫܗ ܠܬܚܬ
‎.JLso κ‏ ܘܬܘܒ ‎lil‏ ܘܕܬܠܬ ܙܒܬ̈ܚܝܢ. ‎were‏ ܒܚܪܬܐ ‎rs‏ ܗܕܐ. ;22233«
ܠܝ ܐܒܘ̈ܝ 22« ‎mx" b] o μὲ‏ ܘܗܝ ܕܝܢ ܐܣ ‎«ον‏ ܢܝܢܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ
ܘܫܒܩܢܝܗܝ. ܘܟܕ ‎καν‏ ܘܣܟܐ ‎Gf‏ ܠܬܚܬ ‎pie‏ ܠܥܠ ‎Kms‏ .+ ܟܕ
ܙܒܢܬܐ ܘܬܪ̈ܬܝܢ ‎DS Άλλο‏ ܥܡܗ: ‎corsa‏ ܕܡܢ ܐܝܟܐ ‎ul‏ ܕܡ̈ܥܘܗܝ
ܡܢ ܥܠܝܐ ‎AMAT‏ ܘܟܙ ܕ ܨܐ ‎RAS‏ ܕܢܚܐܡܣܢ ܘܠܐ ‎uns)‏ . ܟܦܐ ‎ωσᾶθί‏ ܥܠ
ܒܘܪܙ̈ܟܘܗܝ܂ ܘܚܬܦܝ ܪܝܫܗ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎Rem‏ ܨ ܢܦܝܗܼ ‎uso‏ ܚܢ̈ܓܬܗ. ܘܗܟܢܐ
‎uxo‏ ܡܢ ܦܬܘܪܐ.. ܟܕ ‎JS pes po mauss EY‏ ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܫܿܒܚܢܢ ܥܠ
‎ἡ Οἱ + à.‏ ܦܬܘܙܐ: ° ܘܐܬܬܫܝܚܓܔ ܣܟܐ ‎ραν y‏ ܬܢܘܝܬܐ܂ ܒܝܬ ܬܫܡܫܬܐ ‎ο Λο.‏
ܘܟܕ ܚܕܙܐ ܡܦܝܣ ܗܘܐ ܟܕ ‎san]‏ ܕܡܬܛܠ ‎user‏ ܐܢܐ ‎Μὲ ske‏ ܘܠܐ ‎Jpe‏

‎1. Ms.yith points...

‎for this reason he was afraid of the cold »; and he said to him : « Do
you wish us to bring you lot water, our father? ». He says, « No,
excuse me. Whether it is cold or hot, this is my habit, to drink a little at a
time ». When we were sitting, we asked the old man, « Whence, sir, does
your holiness come? ». But he, as if he were now occupied in eating,
silently bent his head down toward ns, and was silent; and again a second
and a third time; and then at last he made this answer : « Excuse me, my
lathers, lam hungry and ueed to eat ». And then we understood tlie blessed
man's intention, and left him alone. And, when we had eaten and the
old man was looking down and privily sigualliug upward, when we had
spoken with him once and twice and thrice, and had asked him « Whence
are you? », his tears suddenly gushed out; and when he had put force upon
himself to refrain and could not, lic bowed his face down upon his knees,
and covered his head; and so he with diffieulty constrained himself, and
Stayed his sobs. And so we rose from the iable, the old man standing in
the midst with his head covered; and, when we had offered praise over the
tables, and the old man had been waslied according to custom (νόμος), a rug
was prepared for him in the chapel. And when he saw it he continued
making request and saying, « Because 1 am feoble aud wearv, and cannot

‏ܝ
