‎LIFE OF SIMEON THE MOUNTAINEER. 231‏ ]231[
ܘܗܠܝܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܡܘܗ̈ܒܬܐ ‎μοι οὗ‏ ܘܦܓܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ ‎oon‏ ܠܢ.. ܠܒܢ ‎Sang Lo‏
ܒܣܝܢܐ ܕܚܛܝܬܐ.. ܘܒܛܝܠ ܡܿܢ ܬܘܕܝܬܐ ܕܚܠܦ ܗܿܠܝܢ. ܚܢܢ ܓܝܪ ‎πω ση‏
ܠܐ ܗܘܐ ܐܝܟ ܡ̈ܠܐܟܐ ܒܠܚܘܝ ° ܚܝܒܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ ܕܢܘܕܐ ܘܢܫܒܚ ܠܗܽܘ ܕܒܝܼܪܐ ܠܢ.. :
ܐܠܐ ܐܦ ‎Je Jobs.‏ ܥܠ ܗܠܝܢ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ‎DURS‏ ܕܥܠܝܢ. ‎mg‏ |
ܥܝ̈ܐܦܐ ܥܠ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ ܡܬܚܙܝܐ. ܘܡܢܐ ܬܘܒ ‎vore‏ ܚܢܢ ܒܗܠܝܢ ‎κα;‏ ܐܠܐ 1
ܢܬ ܗܪ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܒܗܝ ܕܡܝܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܪܒܐ ܘܬܡܝܗܐ܆. ܘ݀ܥܒܪܐ ܠܟܠ ܬܚܘ̈ܡܝܢ |
‎ado‏ ܡܘ̈ܝܝܢ.. ‎oo‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܡܢ ܫܘܒܝܐ ܠܐܪܥܐ ܒܚܘܒܗ ‎CRU]‏ ܡܛܠ | '
ܦܘܪܩܬܢ܇. ܘܢܦܟܗ ‎us,‏ ܒܙܩܚܝܦܐ ܚܠܦܝܢ܇. ܘܦܓܪܗ ܘܕܡܗ ܝܗܼܒ ܠܢ ܠܡܐܟܘܠܬܐ |
ܘܦܩܝܐ ‎[XL‏ ܘܡܚܝܝܥܐ܆. ܘܛܘ̈ܒܐ ܬܘܒ ܠܐ ‎Lee‏ ܡܠܟ ܠܢ ‎ec Ms‏
ܘܐܐܝܟܢܐ ܠܘ ‎ὡς‏ ܝܬܝܪ ܡܢ ‎Ress ΟΡ‏ ܚܢܢ ܬܘܕܝܬܐ ܚܠܦ ܛܝܒܘ̈ܬܐ
ܪܘܪ̈ܒܬܐ ‎Cx y‏ ܕܣܕܥܪ ܥܡܝܢ ‎Rois‏ ܛܒܐ ܘܐܠܗܢ ܡܪܚ ܡܢܐ. ܟܕ ‎Vaso‏
‏ܗܠܝܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܗܢܐ ܒܬܗܪܐ ܐܸܡܿܪ ܗܘܐ.. ܠܟܠܗܘܢ ܫܡܘ̈ܥܘܗܝ ܡܬ ܗܪ
ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܣܓܺܝ ܐܬܐ ܕܪ̈ܘܪܒܢ ܡܢ ܗܠܝܢ܆. ܟܕ ‎oua»; Suns‏ ܒܬܗܪܐ ‎Jh‏
‏ܕܫܡ̈ܡܝܢܐ ‎τό‏ ܗܘܐ. ‎JASS‏ ܕܝܢ ‎pl als‏ ܗܕܐ ܠܡܥܠ ‎Mac‏ ܒ̈ܢܝ ܐܢܫܐ

‎Creator performs all these gracious acts in relation to us, aud gave us all
these spiritual and bodily gifts, our wretched heart is sunk in the mire of
sin, and neglects to give thanks for these things. For we truly ought not
only to thank and praise him who ereated us as the angels do, but even many
times more than these, even as his care for us too is mauifestly many times
greater than his care for them. And why again do we look at things that
are small? But let us regard with greater astonishment the thing that is
greate? and more marvellous than all, and passes all bounds and all measures,
that God himself in his love deseended from heaven to earth for our salvation,
and saerificed himself on the cross for our sake, and gave us his liviug and life-
giving body and blood to eat and to drink, and further promised us in his

‎kindness invisible blessings. And how do we not much more than the angels
owe thanks for great kindnesses such as these, which our good Creator aud
merelful God performed in relation to us? » While this blessed mau was
saying all these things with eestatie wonder, he was filling all his hearers
with similar wonder, while, his mind being uplifted by eestatie eonteiplation
| of the glories of the heavenly beings, he said many things beside that are

‎greater than these. And the occasion which ealled him to enter the limits

‎95 v? a.
