‎JOIN OF EPHESUS. [238]‏ 238
ܓܒܪ̈ܐ ‎Ho‏ ܘܛܝ̈ܠܝܐ. ܘܙܥܘܖܐ܂ ܥܡ ‎.Lssoi‏ ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܫܡܥܘ ܥܠ ‎He‏ ܡܕܡ
ܢܘܟܪܝܬܐ ܕܠܐ ܚܪܝܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܗܘܢ.. ܐܬܘܥܕܘ ܒܨܦܪܐ ܠܘܬܗ. ܘܡܠܠ ܥܡܗܘܢ ܡܠܬܐ
ܕܡܪܬܝܢܘܬܐ܂ ‎lo‏ ܠܗܘܢ. ܕܡܛܠ ܡܢܐ ܐܘ ܒܢ̈ܚ ‎joo]‏ ܒܠܣܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎AC‏
‎ko‏ ܠܟܘܢ ‎JS MS‏ ܥܠ ܦܘܪܩܢܐ ܕܢܦܫ̈ܬܟܘܢ. ܡܛܠ ܡܢܐ ܟܕ ܐܠܗܐ
ܒܕܥܡܗ ‎que «δις‏ ܚܝܘܬܢܐܝܬ ܡܬ ܕܒܪܝܢܢ ܕܠܐ ܛܟܣܐ ‎uis)‏ ܐܢܫܐ . ܠܐ ܝܕܠܝܢ
ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎Las) ei‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ݀ ܘܠܘ ‎τον J «ία...‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎Las eh‏
ܝܬܝܪ ܡܢܟܘܢ ܐܝܬ ܠܗܝܢ ܛܘܒܐ ܪܒܐ܂. ܗܠܝܢ ܕܠܐ ܠܡܩܡ ܥܬܝܕ ܠܗܝܢ.. ܘܐܦ ܠܐ
‎LS‏ ܕܟܐܢܘܬܐ ܠܡܥܠ. ܠܐ ‎vM‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎enn‏ ܕܚܝܠܐ ܕܟܐܢܘܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎ah‏
‏ܘܠܐ ‎vM»‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܩܕܡ ܗܝ ܒܐܡܐ ܕܚܝܠܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܥܬܝܕ ܠܟܘܢ ܠܡܼܝܩܝܡ.
ܡܛܠ ܡܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ‎xp Jedes: DES‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܢܦܝܟܘܢ܆. ܘܐܟܘܬܗܝܝܢ
ܕܠܐ ‎Ιαν «sias‏ ܡܬܬܬܥܡܝܢ ‎^NI‏ ܟܕ ‎Wa)‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܡܢ ‎Esses‏

‏ܕܡܠܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ̇ ° ܘܬܘܒ ܓܠܝܙܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܡܢ ‎Là‏ ܦܘܬܦܘܬܐ ‎Lies‏ ܘܕܦܓܪܗ ‎à‏

‏ܘܕܡܗ ܝܩܝܪܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ. ‎Jioc‏ ܠܐ ‎δα.‏ ܠܟܘܢ ܡܕܡ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ‎yh‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ
ܠܘܬܗܘܢ ܬܢܐ ‎Jon‏ + ܐܝܟ ‎να...‏ ܡܕܡ ‎Jr‏ ܡܠܬܐ : ‎sfr‏ ܡܡܠܠ ܥܡܗ̇ ܕܬ݀ܬܝܠܦ

‎women and children, and small as well as great. » And on hearing about
some strange sight that thov had never seen they assembled together before
him in the morning; and he conversed with them in words of admonition,
aud said to them : « Wherefore, O meu, do vou hold your lives in contempt
and take no thought for the salvation of your souls? Wherefore, wlien God
formed us in his image, do we on our part live animal lives outside the
orderliness of men? Know vou not thal you are men, and not animals?
know vou not that even the animals have a greater blessing than you, they
who are not destined to rise, nor yet to enter the judgment of justice?
Know you uot that the dread judgment of God's justice is at hand? and know
you not that vou are destined. to stand before tlie dread. tribunal (fzyx) of
God? Wlherefore then. du vou make yourselves like the animals on the

‎niouutains? ind wherelore are vou like them delivered indiseriuinately t0

‎death, in 11) you hold aloof from hearing God's word, and are moreover
deprived of the comnuuien of the venerated body and blood of God, and this
is not reckoned by you as anything? ». While the blessed inan was repeating
such wcrds Τὸ thieii, like some irrational animal, which when a man speaks

