+

59 v* a.

‎JONN OF EPHESUS. [246]‏ 3^6
‎Sv‏ ܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܢܫܒܘܩ ܠܟܘܢ.. ܕܕܡ ܘܐܦ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܬܐܒܕܘܢ. ܗܼܢܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ

‏ܕܚܝܠܝܢ ܘܡܦܝܣܝܢ ‎urs AS‏ ܘܡܢ ܗܺܝ ܕܝܢ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ ‎Loto;‏ ܐܠܘ
‎EE‏ ܗܘܐ ‎oq‏ ܣܒܐ ܕܢܣܦܪ. ܠܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܡܶܢ ܕܡܡܪܚ ܕܢܡܠܠ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܟܠ

‏ܡܶܢ ܕܥܠܦܪ ‎Jon‏ ܠܗ ‎eM‏ ܗܘܐ ° ‎ye‏ ܕܠܐ ܟܠܝܬܐ. ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܕܐܣܬܦܪܘܢ. ܠܒܝ̣ܙ
ܠܗܘܢ݀ ‎Los‏ ܠܟܬܒܐ܂ ܘܟܬܒ ܠܗܘܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܒܡܓܪܬ ‎Mo Loi‏
ܚܬܒ ܗܘܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܒܐܬܣܟܘܠܐ.. ܘܡܡܠܦ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ. ܠܛܠ̈ܝܐ ܘܠܛܠܝܬܐ܂ ‎οσο‏
‏ܘܥܠ ‎Sr‏ ܕܢܗܘܘܢ ܕܢܕܬܢܟܘܢ ܡܢ ܚ̈ܕܕܐ ܒܓܘ ‎bus‏ ܐܪ̈ܒܥ ‎ass οἱ‏ ܝܠܦܘܢ
ܡܙܡܘܙܐ܂ ܘܟܝ̈ܬܒܐܼ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܟܝܠ ‎Jis,‏ ܒܬܫܡܫܬܐ ‎Dé‏ ܗܘ̈ܝ. ܟܕ ܐܦ

‏ܪܐ ‎da‏ ܟܘܠܗܘܢ ܐܬܟܒܝܼܫܘ ܗܘܘܢ. ܘܪܠܠܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܕܡܕܡ ܢܥܼܒܕܘܢ ܠܒܪ ܡܢ
ܛܟܣܐ.. ‎Lay‏ ܢܫܡܕܥ ܣܟܐ ܘܢܦܪܘܫ ܐܢܘܢ ܡܢ ܚܘܠܛܢܐ ‎οἱ us] o3‏
ܕܢܠܘܛ ‎os!‏ ܘܗܘܼܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܫܢܫ̈ܐ ܐܝܟ ‎im‏ ܘܫܬ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܬܡܝܢ. ܐܦ
‎Ls Nos‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܼܘܐ. ܟܕ ‎Koss‏ ܙܒܝܢ ܒܘܪܟܬܗ ܡܿܩܒܠܝܢ
‎lo eos‏ ܒܥܢܝܢܗ ܗܽܘܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ. ܘܥܠ ܒܥܪܝܪܘܬܗܘܢ ܕܥܡܐ ‎oà‏ ܘܥܠ ‎oasas‏

‎yo repent and pray to God that he will forgive you, lest you also perish
as well ». And they in fear and entreating him departed. And from that
time among all of them. great and low, if the old man wished to tonsure
anyone, there was none who presumed to speak; and thenceforth whoever
pleased him he would mark and take away without impediment. But for
those who had been tonsured he made tablets for writing, and wrote for
them; and thus he would thenceforth frequently sit with patience as in a
sehoo! (σχόλη), and would teach them, bovs and sirls together. And down
to the time when they reached an age at which they might receive barm
from one another, within four or five years, they learned the psalms and the
Scriptures; and thus theneeforward loud choirs were to be heard at the
service, and all these mountains also had been brought into subjection, and
they trembled to eommit any breach of order, lest tlie old man should hear it
and separate them from the fellowship of men, or that' he should eurse
them. And accordingly twenty-six. vears passed while he was there, and
he was still in this life, and we were always receiving his blessing, and were
also iu intereourse with him?; anl we used to learn from him about the

‎l. Hic syr,, —— ὃν This secras do inean that he died 26 sears after the beginning of his missionary
life. Cu ( - £: his death must be placed circ. 541.

‏ܓ
