“BUS sa.

ΚΑ 6 Nt ue

‎JOUN OF EPHESUS. [226]‏ 226
ܠܡ ܕܡܠܐܟܐ ܕܢܘܪܐ ‎ρω‏ . ܘܠܐܢܬܬܐ ܬܘܒ ‎Esk‏ ܥܠ ܬܪܘܢܘܣ.. ܘܡܙܠܓܐ
ܡܢܗ̇ ܕܡܕܘܬܐ ܕܢܘܪܐ. ܘܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܐܫܬܩܫܩܠ ܗܘܢܗܘܢ ܡܢ ܙܘܥܬܗܘܢ.. ܘܢܦܠܘ ܥܠ
‎soos]‏ ܗܝܕܝܢ ‎DS‏ ܗܝ ܕܝܬܒܐ° ܗܘܬ ܦܕܩܕܬ ܕܢܩܕܪܒܘܢ܂ ܘܢܩܫܡܘܢ ܐܢܘܢ.
ܗܼܢܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܫܐܕ̈ܐ ܩܕܪܒܘ ܘܐܚܕܕܘ ܒܐܝ̈ܕܝܗܘܢ ܘܐܡܪܝܢ ܠܗܘܢ. ܕܩܕܘܡܘܢ ܕܦܝܼܩܕܬ ܠܟܘܢ.
‎νου ο‏ ܗܼܢܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܩܡܘ ܟܕ ܫܩܝܦܝܢ° ܠܕܚܠܬܐ܂ ‎sun‏
‏ܗܘܢܗܘܢ ‎JAM‏ ܘܩܪܒܘ ܣܓܕܕܘ ‎ROCCO‏ ܐܝܟ ‎oies où‏ ܕܦܪܪܐ ܡܬܚܙܐ
ܠܗܘܢ. ܗܼܝ ܕܝܢ ܥܠܝܡܬܐܼ ܗܳܝ ܟܕ ܐܦ ܠܐ ‎Αν οσο Mem) 20892 μοῦ ca‏
ܥܡܗܘܢ. ܗܢܘ ‎Lise lo “ts Inn O0 ας)‏ ܠܗܘܢ. ‎Jo clos Fasoro XM oh!‏
ܬܕܚܠܘܢ. ‎ibl‏ ܐܢܐ ܡܪܝܡ ܐܡܗ ܕܡܫܝܝܝܐ. ‎wieso‏ ܒܪܝ ܠܘܬܟܘܢ.. ܡܛܠ ‎D‏
‏ܙܕܚܩܘܬܟܘܢ ܘܚܘܒܟܘܢ¶% ‎atlas‏ ܘܕܔܡܨܝܪܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܒܕܘܒܕ̈ܝܟܘܢ. ܘܦܩܕܙ ‎εν‏
‏1 ܕܐܐܤܫܡ ܐܝܕܐ ‎Αν πο κος.‏ ܡܛܠ ܡܝܬܪܘܬܟܘܢ. ܐܠܐ
ܬܘ ܩܪܘܒܘ ‎ss‏ ܗܢܘܢ 1 ܕܝܢ ‎y‏ ܡܶܝܢ ‎Jon ekle‏ ܒܥܪܪܐ ܥܡܕܡ܂ ‎Joss‏

‎1. Ὁ ‏ܠܡ‎ ‘Peso dns ‏ܐܐ ,9 — .ܢܘܪܐ‎ [βαδέρ εν — 3, D. ins. ‏ܐܐ .4 — ,7( ܓܘܘܗܘܢ‎ pref, 5. — 5. B. ‏ܕܩ݂ܪܽܘܒܘ‎
‏ܝܠܡ‎ — 6, D ins, ‏ܪܒܐ‎ — 7, 1! aSano.

‎of brilliant light, and the woman moreover sitting on tlie throne (θρόνος), 3

‎and a semblauce of light flashing from her; and their wits were yet more
taken from them by reason of their agitation, and they fell on their faces.
Then (it 15 saidishe that was sitting commanded them ! to approach and raiso
then up; and the fiends approached and took hold of their hands, and they
say to them : « Rise, for she has commanded you; and approach, and make
obeisanee to her »..— And they on their part rose smitten with fear and robbed
of their wits by the sight: and they approached and made obeisance on their
faces, as Vf they supposed that they saw a genuine sight. But that young
woman, being unaware even herself of what had happened, spoke with them
(that is, the tiend. spoke in her), and said 1o them : « Come, approach me,
and fear not, | myself am Mary the. Mother of Christ; aud my Son sent me
to vou, because he saw your righteousness and your love toward him, and
thai vou are perfect in vour modes of fife; and he commanded me to ordain
vou, and that vou should receive the priesthood (rom me because of your
virtuousness. 96} come approach and receive it «, But they, inasmueh as

‎αἰνὸν supposed that they had in truth been granted. some heavenly. privilege

‎ooa. ο
