‫.

59 r°

a.

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [244]‏ 3:4
¦ ܕܠܐ ܬܘܒ ܡܕܬܓܪܥ 45 ܘܠܐ ‎sol‏ ܡܬܩܪܐ ܥܠܘܗܝ ‎bas‏ ܕܒܪ ܩܝܕܡܐ. ܘܡܢܗܝܢ
ܡܢ ܚܡܚܡܘܬܐ ܕܢܦܢܗܝܢ.. ܐܦ ܠܨܥܪܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܬ ܪܡܚ ܗ̈ܘܝ. ܘܗܟܢܐ܂ ܐܦ ‎JSK‏
‎δὶ‏ ܕܝܢ ‎Jen Jos‏ ܘܓܚܠܡ ܥܕ ܡܬܬܢܝܚ ܪܘܓܙܗܘܢ. ܘܡܢܗܘܢܼ ‎ax‏ ܠܡܕܡ
ܕܥܒܝܼܕܘ. ܟܕ ܐܡܪܝܢ.. ܕܕܒܝܢܗ ܕܡܪܢ ܢܗܘܐ. ܘܡܿܡܢ ܢܬܠ ‎x‏ ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ‎v‏
‏ܡܢܗܘܢ ‎«οσοι x9 Κο‏ ܐܦܝܣ ܐܢܘܢ ‎polo lile‏ ܠܗܘܢ. ܕܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ
ܠܟܘܢ ‎“us‏ ܠܘ ܠܐܒܕܢܐ ܐܙܠܝܢ. ° ܠܘܬ ܡܫܝܚܐ ‎cese No‏ ܟܕ ܕܝܠܟܘܢ ܐܢܘܢ.
ܗܢܘܢ ܕܚܢ ‎κο ex‏ ܟܕ ‎i‏ ܕܠܐ ‎Ken‏ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܠܘܬ
‎où Lao‏ ܕܝܢ ‎sa‏ ܒܗܘܢ ܟܕ |3 ܐܢܐ ‎Jess]‏ ܗܕܐ ܒܫܡܗ ܕܡܫܝܚܐ
ܠܬܫܒܘܚܬܗ ܪܫܡܿܬ. ܚܝܼܙܘ ܡܢܐ ‎rss‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ . ܐܢܐ ܡܦܨܝ ܐܢܐ ܡܢ ‎Jake‏
‎où‏ ܕܦܪܫ ‎duo‏ ܢܦܢܐ ܘܡܿܦܩ ܕܢܗܼܦܟ ܠܥܠܡܐ.. ܠܙܦܥܐ ܗܺܝ ܡܫܝܚܐ ܒܗܠܝܢ
‎Le |‏ ܕܦܓܪܐ܂ ܠܐ ‎mans‏ ܡܛܝܘܠ ܕܕܝܠܗ ܗܝ ܘܒܫܡܝܗ ܐܬܪܫܡܬ.! ܐܢܐ ܗܐ
‎hé |‏ ܒܟܘܢ. ܐܢܬܘܢ ܝܕܠܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ. ‎ORC T‏ ܩܪܒܘ ‎CT Lil audi]‏
‎ass‏ ܐܢܘܢ ܟܕ ܡܓܕܦܝܝܢ. ‎μοὶ‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ. ܚܘܣܘ ܥܠ ܢܦܫܟܘܢ ‎"us‏ ܘܠܐ

‎1. Ms, om. stop. 1

‎again be slhaven, and the name ‘son of the covenaut' shall not again be |
called over him ». And some of them from the rage of their souls even
betook themselves to abuse of the blessed mau; and so also the men. But
he held his tongue, and he continues laughing till their wrath is pacified; and ,
some of them acquiesced in what thev had. done, saying, « Our Lord's will
be done », aud, « Wewould it were so »..— But, when two of them stubbornly
stood out, he exhorted and admonished them, and said to them : « They are
yours, my sons; they are not going to destruction; they are being presented,
to Christ, while they are yours ». But they showed violent indignatiou,
saylug, « We will not present one of them to Christ». But he testified to
them, suving, «Τ for my part have marked ont this plot in Christ's name to
his glorv. Beware whal you are doing. T am free from sin. He who!
separates ἃ soul from it and takes it out that he may bring it back to the!
world, Christ! will not resign that soul in this bodily life, because it is his ,
and has been marked in his name. | for my part have testilied to you; you
Euew ». But they came up, aud laid their hands upon them aud dragged |
theii away and removed them, blaspheming. The blessed man says to them

‎« Have taerey upon. vour souls, my sons, and do uot he obstinate and deprivc

‎]omie car.
