ܩܠܝܠ: ܟܕ ‎eh‏ ܥܠ ܟ̈ܢܝܐ ‎rM‏ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܼܢ: ܕܠܐܝܢܐ ‎Jio»‏ ܘܠܐܝܢܐ ‎JAN‏
‏ܘܟܡܐ ܠܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܐܝܬ: ܟܕ ‎osaaus vou JI‏ ܕܡܢܐ ܡܛܝܒ ‎Nm‏
‎ra‏ ܕܠܚܕܒܫܒܐ ‎op - lie]‏ ܠܳܐ ܢܦܘܫܘܢ ܒܢܝ̈ܢܫܐ ܕܠܐ ܡܬܟܢܫܝܢ. ‎so‏
‎Jie‏ ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪܢ. ܕܐܦ ܒܒ̈ܘܣܐ ܙܥܘܙܵܐ܂ ܢܬܟܢܬܘܢ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ‎9lle asus‏ ܐܝܟ

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [242]‏ 242
ܚܢܦܘܬܐ. ‎jason‏ ܠܟܠܗܘܢ ܡܟܢܫ ‎Jes‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܠܚܚ̈ܘܬܐ ‎Jes)‏ ܒܬܪ ܙܒܢܐ ܕܝܢ

‏|
‏| ܡܠܬܗ: ܡܛܘܠ ‎Line) St‏ ܗܘܘ ܡܢܗ.. ܛܝܒ ܠܗ ܡܣܦܪܬܐ ‎ooo‏ ܘܓܒܪܐ
‎ἢ‏ ܚܕ ܒܪ ܪܐܙܐ ‎wa‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܛܒܐܝܬ.. ܘܟܕ ‎τας‏ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܩܘܪܒܢܐ܂ ‎él‏ .1
| ܠܗܘܢ . ܫܒܘܩܘܢ ܒܒ̈ܘܣܐ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܝܘܡܢܐ ‎Las‏ ܒܘܪܟܬܐ.. ܘܡܒܪܟܝܢܢ ܠܗܘܢ
ܘܡܡܠܠܝܢ ‎κὰν‏ ܥܡܗܘܢ. ‎le‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܠܗܠܝܢ ܡܢ ܝܘܡܢܐ ‎o9).‏ ܕܢܡܠܠ
ܠܗܘܢ ܐܢܫ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ܂ ܒܟܬܥܕܢ. ܕܗܟܢܐ ܗܘܼܘ ‎κο‏ ܟܡܐ ܕܚ̈ܝܝܢ. 59«
| ܐܢܬܘܢ ܟܠ ܐܢܫ ܒܫܠܡܐ. ܗܢܘܢ ܕܚܢ ܗܝܡܢܘܼ ܘܐܙܠܝܘ. ܟܕ ܓܪܓܘ ‎locii‏
‏ܘ | ܒܗܕܐ ܕܢܦܘܟܘܢ.. ‎ο‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܠܝܡ ܒܘܖ̈ܟܬ܂ ‎NI‏ ܠܟܘܢ. ܦܘܝܬܘܢ
‎«es | |‏ ܗܝܕܝܢ ‎ans‏ ܟܘܠܗܘܢ ܐܝܟ ܬܫܥܝܢ ‎Jin‏ ܘܢܩ̈ܒܬܐ. ‎μμ solo‏

‎and thus he used to gather them all together like wild animals. After ἃ short
time, when he had gained information about the children of each one of them, |
who had male children and who female, and how many each of them had,
while they were unaware of liis purpose, what he intended to do, he gave the
order « Next first day of the week see that no persons stay away from the
congregation » ; and he sent to the mountains, saying, « Let the little children
also be present in 1110 eongregation ». When they assembled and came
according to his instructions (since they were indeed afraïd of him), he |
provided himself with a razor, hoth himself and a certain man who was in the | P
seeret who knew them well, and, when all had received the oblation, he 8010 ..
to them : « Allow all the little ones to receive a present! to-day, and we will |
bless them and speak with them, and they shall come; since to these from 5
to-day someone must always speak the word of God, that thus they may
remember it as long as they live: and do vou go everyoue in peace ». And |
they. believed it, and went away, having induced the little ones to remain by
these words, « You will receive presents, and we will mix them for you. 5.
Romain all of vou ». Then they all remained, about uinety, males and 0

‎mountains to the house, and converting them afresh, as if from paganism; | 1
¦
'

‎| } :: ‏ܣ‎ The ambizuily is. perh, intentional; — 2. 1t js assumed flat. the presents will |

‎ΠΥ t5 at or ( 5
