[249] OF À POOR STRANGER. 249

‎spl‏ ܘܡܛܬ ‎asilo‏ ܒܢܝܢܗܿ. ܘܐܝܟ ܕܠܡܐܡܪ ܡܝܢ ܟܕܘܼ ‎Rasa so‏ ܠܡܦܘܠܬܐ.
ܘܒܗܠܝܢ ܠܝܬ ܕܡܿܪܓܫ ܘܡܲܝܬܐ ܥܠ ܒܠܗ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎ah‏ ܥܠܚܢ ܡܠܬܐ
ܡܙܡܪܬ ܟܗܢܐܝܬ ‎sje]?‏ ܕܡܪܝܐ ܐܕܝܩ ܡܢ ܫܡܝܐ ܥܠ ܒܚ̈ܢܝ ܐܢܫܐ ‎Mena)‏
‏ܐܝܬ ܕܣܟܘܠܬܢ ‎Eso‏ ܠܐܠܗܐ܆. ܘܟܠܗܘܢ ܣܝܼܛܘ ܐܟܚܕܐ ܘܐܣܬܠܝܘ.. ܘܠܝܬ
‎τοῦ‏ ܛܒܬܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܠܐ ‎το‏ ܟܕ ܓܝܪ ܠܨܘܪܬܐ ܕܫܘܦܪ̈ܐ ܬܡܝܗܐ ܕܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ ܗܠܝܢ
ܐ ܵܙ ܙܘ + ‎oes)»‏ ܛܠܝܘܬܝ ° ܐܕܪܟܬ.. ‎caseo‏ ܐܦܝ̈ܝܢ ܕܐܦܝܢ ‎lions‏ - ܢܪܫܘܡ ܘܢܫܒܘܩ
ܠܥܘܕܪܢܐ ܕܓܘܐ. ܐܦܢ ܠܗ ‎μοι‏ ܫܪܟܢܐ ܕܒܫ̈ܘܡܬܢ!' ܐܫܬܚܪܘ. ‎Joe NS.‏ ܪܒܐ
‎bl yrs‏ ܒܚܘ̈ܫܒܝ.. ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܬܡ̈ܝܗܐ ‎frame‏ ܐܬܔܒܝܼܝܘ ܒܕܡܩܐ
‎she Le fee‏ ܘܢܝܪܡ ܥܠܡܐ ܠܬܛܪܐ ܣܢܝܐ ܘܕܠܝܚܝ ‎Mete κωδ‏
ܐ ܡܝܬܝܢ ܚܢܢ ܥܠ ‎Ae‏
‏ܟܕ ܓܝܪ ܒܙܒܢ ܒܥܘܡܪܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܐܝܬܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ ܕܥܠ ܓܢܒ ‎e]‏ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ:
ܗܿܢܘ ܕܝܢ ܕܕܩܕܝܫܐ ܡܪܝ ܝܘܚܢܢ ܡܬ ܩܪܐ: ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܒܚܕܐ ܡܢ ܬܫܖ̈ܥܝܬܐ ܕܡܝܢ
ܩܝܕܚܡ ‎juni‏ 1 ܕܚܦܝܛܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܝܬܝܪ ܡܢ ܟܠ ܗܢܘܢ ܥܘܡܪ̈ܐ ‎«So‏

‎3. » added in marg., appy. in later hand.

‎reason the whole habitable world of men has been shaken and tottered and
its structure has heen loosened; and it has so to speak already begun to
fall; and there is none who takes note of these things and lays them to his
heart, in order that the passage of sacred song may be fulfilled upon us
which says, « The Lord looked out from heaven upon men, to see if there
were any man that was understanding and sought God, and all had together
gone astray and become reprobate, and there was not even one who was
doing what is good »'. For, having taken upon ourselves to trace, even if
obscurely, a picture of the marvellous beauties of the saints whom 1 met iu

‎. the times of my boyhood and leave it for the general benefit, if only to this

‎remnant who have been left in our days, 1 am reduced to marvelling greatly
in my thoughts how it is that all these marvellous and wiant-like men have
been collected like clear pure wine, and the world has been reduced to
disgusting dregs turbid with evil matter, and we lay not these things to
our heart.

‎Once, when we were in the holy convent adjoining the city of Amida,
that is that which is ealled the convent of the holy Mar John, as has been
recorded by us in one of the foregoing histories °, since all these convents

‎1. Ps, xiv, 2, 3. — 2, Ch. 12 (p.197) As he monastery was then at Amida and John was in it.
the date is 530-536 (see Introd.).
