‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [256]‏ 256
ܕܦܬܚܬ ܦܘܡܝ ܠܘܩܒܠ ‎ΠΌΤ‏ ܕܡܢ ܡܘܗܒܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ :. ܕܠܐ ‎aad, Mas‏
‎το‏ ܕܚܠܦ ܛܝܒܘܬܗ. ܠܐ ܡܬܚܝܒ ‎μὲ‏ ܡܶܣܒܪ ܐܢܐ ܒܫܡܗ.. ‎Ass‏
‏ܐܝܕܝ ܠܦܘܡܝ܆. ܘܠܐ ܥܡ ܟܠ ܙܒܢܬܐ ‎“ak Rss,‏ ܗܟܢܐ ‎MS Ass‏
ܠܬܫܒܘܚܬܐ ܘܬܪܥܝܬܐܼ ܕܝܠܝ ‎«ανν‏ ܕܚܠܦ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܥܡܿܠܝܢ ܘܕܠܬܝܢ
‎lo‏ ܒܣܢܝܩܘܬܝ. ܠܐ ܡܒܬܣܪ:' ܐܢܐ ܡܝܢ ‎où‏ ܝܗܘܒܐ ‎Ra‏ ܕܣܡܿܬ ܥܠ
‎olas‏ ܡܐܢܐ ‎inna οἱ Jo Las‏ .° ܘܐ݀ܫܬܝܬ ܣܘܪܦܬܐ ܚܕܐ ܥܡ ‎als‏
‏ܕܠܐ ܬܘܕܝܬܐ ‎dois‏ ܘܦܝܣܐ ܕܚܠܦ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܘܫܛܘܢ ܠܝ ܫܘܬܦܘܬܐ ܕܡܘܗܒܬܗܘܢ.
ܘܒܬܪ ܗܠܝܢ ܒܪܡܢܐ ܥܨܝܢ ܗܘܝܬܘܢ ‎Shore‏ ܦܘܪܥܢܐ ܕܐܚܟ ܕܣܦܩ

‏ܚܝܠܝ ܙܥܘܪܐ ܕܬܘܕܝܬܐ ‎μμ pa‏ ܘܒܡܡܠܠܐ ° ܣܦܝܩܐ ܐܬܥܢܐ. ܐܘ ܠܐ

‏ܝܕܥܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܗܝ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎soos vh‏ ܥܡ ܚܝ̈ܛܝܗܐ ܬܘܒ
‎haie»‏ ܕܡܛܪܛܫܝܢ ܒܝܢ. ‎halle‏ ܒܚܪܝ ܠܐ ‎EX‏ ܐܠܗܐ ‎eue LUS‏
‎σσ‏ ܟܕ ܛܝܒܘܬܗ ‎οὐ‏ ܘܚܠܦ ܦܘܪܥܢܐ ܕܬܘܕܝܬܐ ܒܡܡܠܠܐܼ
ܣܪܝܟܐ ‎chus‏ ܘܚܠܦ ܬܘܒ ‎nes,‏ ܕܥܠ ܐܦܝ ܒܚ̈ܢܝ ܐܢܥܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܕܘܥܬܐ

‎1. Corr. from ‏ܚ‎ — 2, Ms. ins. οἱ cancelled.

‎not judge me for having opened my mouth over food which is derived
from God's gilt without stretching my thoughts to give praise for his bounty.
| hope in his name that I shall not be condemned for liaviug stretched. forth
iy hand to my mouth without every time that 1 stretched it forth similarly
stretehing forth my tongue to praise and my mind lo prayer on behalf of
those who labour and sweat and toil to supply my need. | shall not be
despised hy the Giver of our good things for having put a vessel to my
lips to drink water or wine, and drunk two consecutive sips without giving
thanks to the Creator of it and interceding for those who have extended to me
a share in their gift. And after these things last evening you were urging
me to neglect such rendering of thanks to my Benefactor as my little strength
is able to perform, and engage in vain talk. Or know you not that it was
God's bounty that we were eating, with the sins of men! moreover that
stam us? And how ean it be, my son, that God will not be angry with
us and deliver us to the judgment. of torments when we eat his bounty
“nu instead of rendering thanks engage in frivolous talk, and further,
instead of prayers. for the men the sweat of whose labour we are eating,

‎Ceo ἓν 14

