.ܐ "¥ 60 *

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [250]‏ 250
ܟܘܠܗܘܢ ‎Koss‏ ܐܟܣܢܝܘܬܐ: ‎ho‏ ܗܘܘ ܒܚܘܒܐ ܕܠܘܬ ‎oot Lu]‏ - ܡܛܘܠ
ܗܕܐ ܠܛܝܼܒܐ ܕܚܘܝܚܘܬܗܘܢ.. ܡܝܢ ܟܠ "« ܡܬܘܥܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗܘܢ ܠܥܘܡܪ̈ܐ
ܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܚܕܙ̈ܝ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ܂ ܡܛܠ ܕܒܪܚܡܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܒܫܪܪܐ ܫܓܚܪ ܗܘܐ ܛܢܝܼܢܗܘܢ.
ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܐ ܢܣܝܼܒܪܘܢ ܗܘܘ ܥܠ ܚܕ ‎v κ‏ ܗܘܘ ܠܝܘܬܗܘܢ ܕܒܪ
ܐܢܫܐ ‎emos‏ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎Jon‏ - ܐܠܐ ‎où‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܗܘܼܐ ܒܣܪܐ. ° ܒܝܕ ܦܓܪܐ
‎Lu‏ ܘܡܣܟܢܐ ܡܬ ܚܙܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܠܝܫܘܥ ܡܫܝܚܐ ܪܗܼܝܛܝܢ
ܗܘܘ ܕܒܕܝܠܘܢ ܘܢܬܩܢܘܢ ܘܢܫܝܓܘܢ ܘܢܝܩܪܘܢ. ܕܟܘܠ ‎S]‏ ܙܥܫܬܘܬܦ ܒܡܕܡ
‎yon‏ ܒܒܘܪܟܬܗ ܕ݁ܗܽܘ ܡܶܝܢ ܕܗܼܘ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ ܘܙܥܘܙܵܐ܂ ܐܝܟ ܚܕܐ ܚܦܝܛܝܢ
000. ܕܫܢܬܐ ‎mo vule‏ ܘܥܣܪܝܢ ܘܟܘܠ ‎ua,‏ ܚܝ̈ܘܗܝ ]4 ܢܗܘܐ ܗܘܐ
‎L3]‏ ܒܚܕ ܡܢ ܥܘܡܕ̈ܐ ܗܠܝܚܝܢ.. ܠܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܡܶܢ ‎mass‏ ܦܝܘܡܗ ܘܢܝܘܕܥ
ܠܘܬܗ ‎sje‏ ܕܠܘ ܐܝܟ ܗܽܘ ‎LazMs J;asas x‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ
ܒܠܒܘܫܐ ܘܒܟܠܗ ܡܘܠܝܐ ܕܣܘܢܩܢܐ.. ܥܡ ‎Dés‏ ܘܩܕܡ ‎a»‏ ܐܚܘܬܐ ܡܬ ܩܪܒ
ܗܘܐ. ܗܠܝܢ ‎«οι» d:‏ ܐܦ ܥܕܡܐ ‎os‏ ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܒܗܠܚܝܢ ‎pandas‏
‏ܐܬܚܝܢ ܗܘܘܢ. ܒܚܕ ܡܢ ܚܘ̈ܡܝܢ.. ܐܢܫ ܣܟܐ ܡܣܟܢܐ ‎οὶ‏ ܨܒ ܠܗ

‎surpassed evervone in devotion to hospitality, and were fervent in love
toward their brothers, therefore on account of the report of their open-
handedness inen. used to repair from all quarters 10 the convents round the
city, because their zeal was in truth kindled by the love of God, so that
they did not in the case of any one of their brothers who came to them 50
him to be merely a mau of flesh, but through a mean and poor body he ap-
peareid in their eves as God himself who became flesh, and so they were eager
to serve and refresh and wash and honour as it were Jesus Christ, that everyone
might share in anything that might result through the blessing of the man
whoever he were; aud great and small were alike so devoted that, if a
stranger were in oue of these eonveuts ἃ year and two years and ten years
and twenty and all the days of his life, tliere was no one wlio would open
his mouth and in any way give him to understand that he was not as one
of the old inmates; and so in the matter of clothing and in the whole supply
of necessities he was brought forward with the priests and before the whole
of the hrotherliood ; things which are objects of great admiration even down
to the present time, While they were showing lervour in these things every
div 0o lay a certain old man. pour and a strauger, eame to the couvent
