ܐ

[311] LIVES OF THOMAS AND STEPIIEN. 311

le ‏ܐܝܟ‎ Nas ‏ܕܒܝܕ ܡܣܝܒܪܢܘܬܗ..‎ vou MB], ! bed ‏ܢܬܝܬܪ‎ bols
‏ܡܘܟܠܐ ܪܒܬܐ‎ v ‏ܘܐܙܠ ܟܕ‎ eS. ‏ܬܡܢܝܐ.. ܘܗܿܝܕܝܢ ܐܓܘܢܗ ܛܘܒܬܢܝܐ‎
‏ܘܝܩܝܪܬܐ ܕܢܕܚܚܢܘܗܝ. ܘܬܘܒ ܠܐ ܐܫܬܘܝܢܝܢ ܠܚܙܬܗ ܕܒܦܓܪܐ. ° ܥܝܒܩ ܕܝܢ ܒܕܘܟܬܗܼ‎
‏ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ܂.‎ flex ‏ܒܗ ܒܡܕܒܪܐ‎ oo ‏ܕܐܦ‎ fu) ‏ܠܛܘܒܢܐ ܙܘܛܐ ܡܫܡܥܢܐ.‎ Los Ns
‏ܒܫܢܬܐ ܕܬܠܬ ܕܒܬܪ‎ τη ‏ܘܒܢܨ̈ܚܢܐ ܫܦܝܪ̈ܐ ܡܢ ܥܠܡܐ ܗܢܐ ܡܕܘܕܢܐ ܘܡܨܛܕܝܢܐ‎
‏ܡܢܗܘܢ ܘܥܕܡܐ ܠܡܦܩܢܗ ܕܟܠ‎ Ki ‏ܡܦܩܢܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܬܐܘܡܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܢ‎
‏ܚܕ ܚܕܐ ܡܢܗܘܢ: ܘܠܗܘܢ' ܘܠܢ ܣܒܪܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܝܘܡ ܡܢ ܝܘܡ: ܕܦܢܝܢ ܗܘܢ‎
‏ܐܕܢܘܠܡܐ‎ Jus ‏ܠܢ ܚܝ̈ܛܗܝܢ. ܕܥܕܡܐ ܠܟܬܪ‎ CE ‏ܠܘܬܗܘܢ.. ܘܗܟܢܐ‎
“Res ‏ܕܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ'. ܠܐ ° ܢܐܬܐ ܠܕܘܟܬܐ ܕܡܥܡܪܗܘܢ. ܚܢܢ ܕܝܢ ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܕܠܣܘܪܝܐ‎
‏ܠܛܘܒܢܐ ܡܝܬܪܐ ܐܣܛܦܢܐܿ.‎ ? ele ‏ܬܘܒ ܠܡܕܝܢܬ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܣܠܥܝܼܩܢܢ. ܘܐܫܟܚܢܢ‎
‏ܕܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ ܘܕܢܙܝܪܘܬܐ.‎ [sso JLès ue ‏ܐܬܒܟܪ ܡܢ ܢܨܚܢܐ‎ oa J ‏ܗܢܐ ܕܐܦ‎
‏ܠܟܠܗܘܢ ܡܛܪ̈ܦܐ ܕܡܢ ܟܠ ܦܢ̈ܝܢ‎ eb, ‏ܘܬܘܒ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܠܡܐܢܐ ܪܒܐ‎

1. B om. — 2, Bom. c. — 3. B CRD — 4. R ‏ܫܘܠܡ ܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ‎ . 5 B Se ‏ܚ‎ 6, Bs

by the holy Thomas in such great labours, in order that the coufliet (ἀγών)
against his distresses which he displayed by means of his endurance might
be further increased, he fell for about eight months under the chastisement
of an illness; aud then the blessed man finished his conflict (ἀγών); and he
departed carrying the great and honoured burden of his triuinphs; and we
were not again granted the privilege of seeing his face in the body. But he
left in his place after him tlie blessed Zw1' the deacon; who also passed out
of this disturbing aud deceiving world in the same desert with great labours
and noble triumphs in the third year after the passing of the blessed
Thomas. And so, after we parted from them and down to the passing of
each one of them, both they and we were day by day in hope that we should
he coming back to them; and 80 our sins brought it about for us that we did
not come to the place where they lived till ἃ year after the death of botli.
But we, after we Iliad gone down to Syria, went up again to the royal city;
and we also found {πὸ blessed virluous Stephen too'; who also did not fail
to obtain the glory that is gamed by great labours of asceticism and of
abstinence; and who was moreover a great harbour (μήν) of rest for all the

1. J. probably here returns Lo the narrative on p.

210 and refers Lo his first visit to CP. in 535
(see Iutrod.).

MISTEILEM

*AStra.
