× 61 νὴ}.

254 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [284]

ܐܢܐ ‎κα οὶ;‏ ܠܬܫܡܫܬܐ܂. ܡܛܠ ܐܠܗܐ ܠܒܪ ܫ݀ܘܘ ܠܝ ܒܚܕܐ ܓܘܼܢܝܐ. ‎were‏
‏ܡܛܠ ܕܕܠܡܐ ܒܫܪܪܐ ܡܬܐܠܨ ܒܬܫܡܥܬܐ.. ‎mas‏ ܠܗܼ ܐܝܟ ‎es‏ ܘܡܛܠ
ܕܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ‎isa)‏ ܕܚܦܝܛܝܢ ܗܘܘ 930531« ‎I yeh‏ + ܢܒܛܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ
‎LN‏ ܕܢܩܘܡܘܢ ܥܠ )0 ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܒܪܫܥܬܗ ܐܝܟ ‎Jon où‏ ܕܡ̣ܟ܂ ܒܬܫܘܝܬܗ
‎EY‏ ܘܟܕ ܟܠܝ ܩܠܐ ‎Koss‏ ܐܢܫ ܘܐܬܚܝܡܠܘܢ. ‎où‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܢܦܫܗ ܒܬܫܘܝܬܗܼ
‎vos] δν‏ ܗܦܝܼܟ. ‎vise JS‏ ܒܟܒܟܝܐ. ܡܢ ܪܡܫܐ ܘܥܕܡܐ ܠܢܩܘܢܐ ܕܠܠܝܐ..
ܟܕ ܐ ‎al ου CN‏ ܕܡܪܓܫ ܒܗ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܠܐܝܘܼ ‎axo‏ ܒܫܢܬܐ ܬܪ̈ܬܚܢ ‎ΝΟ‏
‏ܙܟ̈ܢܚܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܢ݀ܛܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎οἷς‏ ܘܟܕ ‎«Goto‏ ܗܘܘ. ܗܟܢܐ ܡܫܟܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ
ܠܩܕܝܫܐ ܗܽܘܢ. ܥܕܡܐ ‎λος‏ ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ‎A μασ) aca)‏ ܢܦܢܗ ܐܝܟ ‎Jo‏
‎ls‏ + ܥܕܡܐ ܠܫܘܠܡܐ ‎io Jn],‏ ܕܝܢ ܬܘܒ ‎où‏ ܗܟܢܐ܂ ܥܕܡܐ 19

ܟܕ ܠܘ ° ܐܝܟ ܕܡܢ ܪܡܫܐ.. ‎JI]‏ ܟܕ ܙܗܝܪ ܡܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܫܟܖ̈ܝܬܐ ܡܫܡܫܚܢ ܗܘܘ
‎να), NS‏ ܘܡܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ ‎I,‏ ܗܘܘ ܡܙܡܘܪܐ. ܒܨܦܪܐ ܕܝܢ ܡܦܝܣ
ܗܘܐ ‎JN‏ ܘܢܐܙܠ. ܘܠܐ ‎oras.‏ ܪܝܫ ܕܝܪܐ ܟܕ 5367 ܕܐܬܬܢܝܚ ‎μϑοω das]‏

rise for service, for God's sake lay the bed for me outside in some corner
(yevix) ». Then, lext he should really be troubled by the service, they laid
it for him as he asked. And, as there were some blessed men who were
eager to investigate such things. they observed the old man in order to
discover bisintention.  Butlie immediately fell upon his rug as if he had fallen
asleep; and, when everyone's voice had ceased and they had been gathered
to their beds, the blessed man turned upon his face on his rug, and he knelt
and began to weep, from the evening right on till the nocturns bell, not being
aware that anyone was aware of what he was doing, though those who were
observing him had become weary and heen sunk in sleep two and three
times, and they were astonnded to find that saint thus engaged down to
the bell: but, when the bellman sounded the bell, he covered himself like
an infirm man and lay down, until the end of the service; and then the
same again until the morning, though not as he had done in the evening,
but with precautions against those who were looking after the land(?)
after service ' and against those who were learning the Psalms. But in the
morning he continued requesting to be dismissed and go; aud the archi-

1. Ther coctus Lo be somelling wrong here, sinee they could nol look. after the kid ai night and
‏ܥ ܡܗ‎ pe ‏ܒ‎ nott foo afler’,
