* 56 v° b.

ܗ

NI

$

200 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [236]

ܠܢܦܢܗ ܐܝܟ ܕܗܼܘ ܒܕܩ ܐܡܪ ‎Jon‏ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ‎Cis‏ ܐܢܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܐܝܟ
‎Jin‏ ܒܛܘܪ̈ܐ ܗܠܝܿܢ. ܗ݀ܝܕܝܢ ‎mele No!‏ ܒܠܒܗ ‎yb‏ ܕܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ.. ‎i‏
‏ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܐܦ ܕܒܪܬܢܝ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܠܗܠܝܢ ‎Jsa!‏ ܕܗܪܟܐ܂. ‎Kw» y‏ ܕܢܗܘܐ
ܦܘܪܩܢܐ ‎qo‏ ܢܦܢ̈ܬܐ ܕܚܫ̈ܘܟܢ ܒܛܬܛܥܝܘܬܐ. ܘܗܘܼܐ ܠܗ ‎huj‏ ܠܛܘܒܢܐ ܟܕ
8+ - ܕܕܐܒܐ ܒܦܘܪܩܢܐ ‎JS Los ς οι‏ ܝܬܝܪ ܡܢ ܕܝܠܝ. ܘܡܝܢ ‎J μοι‏
ܐܫܢܐ ܡܢ ‎bia‏ ܐܠܐ ‎œuel}‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܠܐܠܗܐ. ܡܛܘܠ ܕܒܛܥܝܘܬܐ ܐܚܝܕܚܢ..
ܘܐܝܟ ‎où‏ ܕܠܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܟܪ̈ܣܛܛܝܢܐ. ܐܝܢܘ ܓܝܪ ‎οἱ fase‏ ܫܪܟܐ ‎«άν orae:‏
‎ca» bon‏ ܢܘܓܪܐ ‎SR‏ ܐܝܩܪܐ ‎«οἱ‏ ܘܠܐ ܒܟܘܠ ܙܒܢ ܢܣܓܘܕ ܠܗܽܘ
ܡܕܡ ܕܚܢܝܒ ܠܗ ܐܠܗܐ. ܗܠܝܢ ܓܝܪ ܘܠܐ ܠܐܠܗܐ ܐܝܟ ‎or‏ ܣܓܕܝܢ..
ܘܠܐ ܠܡܕܡ ܐ̱ܚܪܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܚܢ̈ܦܐ ܡܝܩܪܝܢ. ܘܡܪܝܕܝܢ ܥܠ ܗܕܐ܂ ܘܥܠ ܗܿܝ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ
ܡܕܬܟܪܟ ‎ns) τ‏ ܐܝܟ ܩܪܝܬܐ ܚܕܐ ܒܗ ܒܬܚܘܡܐ ‎où‏ ܕܫܡܪܘܿ܂ ܡܥܪܒܢܐ. ܘܐܼܬ݀ܚܫܒ
ܕܠܘܬ ܗܕܐ ܒܬܩܪܒ.. ܘܢܐܠܦ ܣܘܥܪܢܐ ‎er οἱ‏ ܘܟܕ ‎xo‏ ܚܨܙܐ ܒܗ ܥܕܬܐ
ܙܥܘܪܬܐ ܕܡܫܝܟܐ ܡܝܢ ܠܥܠ ܒܫܟ̈ܫܬܐ܂ ܘܚܝܼܕܝ. ‎elo‏ ° ܗܐ ܗܪܟܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘ ܐܬܐ

as he himself declared, « How is it that these men are like animals on these
mountains? ». "hen he considered, and he said in his heart as if from God,
« Perhaps it was indeed for this reasou that God's grace led me to the
mountains here, in order that there may be salvation for these souls that are in
the darkness of error. 9 And the blessed man became enthusiastie, saying,
« God wishes for the salvation of all these people more than mine.  Hence-
10 1 will not withdraw from this place, unless these have been gained for
God; since they are bound in error, and are as if they were not Christians.
1:15 pagau is there, or what other worshippers of creation, who for so
long a period of time would nogleet to pay honour to the objeet of his
worship, and woull not always worship that which is reckoned by him
as God? These men neither worship God like Christians, nor honour
something else like pagans; und they are apostates against the one and
against the other. » ΔΒ he was going about, he found a kind of village on
the same frontier the name of which was M'rbn'; and he resolved to
approach this village, and learn what its condition. also was. And on
approaching he saw in it a lille chureh overshadowed with vines, and he
rejoieed, and said : e Lo! hore there is à sigu of tlie presence of Christians. »

