*32v*a.

134 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [134]

ܕܝܢ ܚܪ ܒܝ ‎fil solo‏ ܠܡ ܟܝ ܕܪܒ ܡܢ ܝܫܘܥ ܐ̱ܚܪܢܐ ‎quesos‏ ܕܢܡܠܠ ܥܡܢ
‎Jin οἱ‏ ܠܢ.. ‎Mo‏ ܠܗ ܠܐ ܡܬܛܦܝܣܝܢ ‎anl can‏ ܐܢ ܐܢܝ ܡܢ ‎JN‏
‏ܢܩܘܡ ‎Ko‏ ܢܬܛܦܝܣ ‎«οι‏ ܗܢܐ ܠܡ ܙܝܘ ܠܟܘܢ ܘܐܬܬܢܝܚܘ. ‎Flo‏ ܐܢܐ
ܘܡܡܶܿܠܚܢܢ. ܐܢܐ ܕܝܢ ‎pl‏ ܡܶܢ ܕܝܒܕܥ ܗܘܝܬ ܨܒܝܢܗ ܐܬܚܫܒܬ.. ° ܕܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ
ܕܡܙ[ ]ܚܐ ܠܗ ܠܛܘܒܢܐ.. ‎Han Don ur‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܢܦܨܠܢ ܩܝܕܡܝܘܗܝ
‎pra Ora una 9 lo‏ ܠܢ.. ܘܢܘܪܬ ܠܢ ‎οᾶ νι‏ ܩܕ̈ܝܫܬܐ. ܗܼܘ ܕܚܝܢ ܟܕ ‎Jon‏ ܠܢ
ܐܡܪ ܠܢ . ܕܐܢܬܘܢ ܨܠܘ ܥܠܝ ܛܠܘܡܐ. ܕܝܠܟܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܗܼܝ ܚܦܝܛܘܐܟܘܢ ܡܿܘܕܥܐ
ܥܠ ‎Hes‏ ܕܨܒܝܢܟܘܢ. ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎de‏ ܨܒܝܢܗ ܒܕܒܝܢܟܘܢ.. ܘܢܥܠܡ ܨܒܝܢܟܘܢ
‎NN eM uas‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎Rs‏ ܚܢܢ.. ܟܕ ܬܘܒ ܠܛܘܒܢܐ ܠܐ ‎pe‏ ܣܦܩܬ

ܕܝܢ ܠܟܘܝܐܢ ܘܠܬܘܕܝܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎Sas wx»‏ ܙܒܢ.. ܗܕܐ ܚܕܐ ‎Jes‏
‏ܕܠܐ ‎GER‏ ܡܝܢ ‎ile‏ ܕܚܙܬܗ ܕܓܒܪܐ ܗܢܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ. ܒܬܪ ܕܝܢ ‎Jas)‏ ܕܫܢ̈ܝܐ
‎cree‏ ܘܚܡܫ. ܒܝܗܢܐ ‎Lies‏ ܟܠܡ ܡܢ ‎Le‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܛܘܪ̈ܦܝܐ.. ܘܠܬܬܝܚܐ
ܕܡܪܗܼ ܫܢܝ. ܟܕ ‎e]‏ ܕܘܟܬܐ ‎2à‏ ܕܦܘܪܢܝܣܐ ܕܣܢ̈ܝܕܩܝܐ ‎ui‏ ܥܘܡܪܗ.

vated ». But he looked at me, and said : « Do we then (pz), pray, seek
another greater than Jesus to speak with us or to admonish us? and, if we
do not obey him, if a man rise from the dead and speak, how shall we
obey him?! Now go and rest, and | will come, and we will talk ». But 1
inasmueh as 1 knew his purpose reflected that on account of the blessed
man's pleasure we had been afraid of annoying him; and so we fell down
before him and entreated him to bless us and to endow us with his holy
prayers. But he when he dismissed us said to us : « Do you pray for
ine the ungratefnl. As for vourselves your earnestness signifies ihe direc-
tion of vour will, that God. may mingle his will with your will, and make
your will his will. Pray for me ». And thus we parted, and we did not
see the blessed man again; but suflieient for our consolation and for thauks-
giving. to God to be ever rendered by us was this one occasion on which
we were not deprived of the benefit of the sight of this divine man. After a
period of twenty-five years, while spending his timein this way, he ended this
life of troubles, and departed to the rest of his Lord, having committed tbe
plus of provision for the needy to the iumates of his convent, and enjoined

l. E ke, x vr, 0
