[1591 LIFE OF HARFAT. 159

ܗܪܡ ܐܐ ܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ‎«lon‏ ܘܐܦ ܥܠ ‎“αἱ‏ ܒܪ ܓܢܣܗ ܐܚܪܢܐ ‎aso‏ ܗܘܐ ° ܡܢܝܗ. ‎où‏
‏ܕܝܢ ܘܠ ܙܥ ܗܘܐ ܘܒܝܫ ܒܕܕܢܥܬܗ ‎δωρο‏ ܒܕܡܘܬ ܢܒܠ. ܘܩܝܐܡܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܗ
ܬܘܒ ‎νο Lisams‏ ܗܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܡܝܬܪܐ ܚܪܦܛܛ.. ܫܝܼܲܦܐ ܗܘܐ ‎dixo‏ ܘܥܡܒܪܐ̄݀
ܒܓܘ ܒܝܬܐ ܒܕܡܘܐ ܝܥܩܘܒ ' ܬܡܚܝܡܐܝܬ. ܟܕ ܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ ܟܠܗ ܐܓܥܠܗܿ ‎οὐ‏
‏ܒܪ ܓܢܣܗ. ‎"ooo‏ ܡܕܡ ܕܣܿܦܩܐ ܗܘܬ ܒܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝܢ. ܕܣܢܝ̈ܩܐ ܘܕܦܘܪܩܢܐ ܕܢܦܢܗ
ܝܨܦ" ‎Jon‏ ܟܕ ‎e]‏ ܫܚ ܝܩܐ ܗܘܬ ܢܦܢܗܢ. ‎sise‏ ܒܣܘܓܐܐ 55 ‎“Joly‏
‏ܘܕܐܓܚܪ̈ܐ ‎Ja so‏ ܘܕܫ̈ܪܟܐ ܕܩܦܝܠܪܓܣ ܕܒܝܬܐ. ܘܡܬ ܚܘܒ ܗܘܐ ܒܢܦܢܗܼ
‎vu.‏ 6 ܘܐܸܡܿܥܪ. ܕܡܛܠ ܡܢܐ ܠܫ ܫܓܝܫܘܬܐ ܗܕܐ ܟܘܠܗ̇ ° ‎EM d‏ ܐܬܘܒ ‎Tp az‏
‎MIS | οὐ Ra‏ ܡܬܬܒܥܝܢ ܘܟܠ ܝܘܡ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ‎JE M PETI‏
‎c‏ ܡܬܬܚܘܒ ‎Jon‏ ܒܬܪ ܕܝܢ ‎J so ?La.a.m..9| «We fus)‏
ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ ‎elle .. Ae Mace]‏ ܕܢܥ ܒܕܘܢܝܝܗܝ ܠܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܦܝܣܩܘܦܐ. ‎as‏
‏ܕܝܢ ܒܢ ܘܬܦܝܘܬܐ ܟܠܩܝܕܘܢܝܬܐ. ܗܼܘ ‎ς‏ ܥܕܪܩ ܡܢ ܗܕܐ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ‎Lion ok‏

1. 8 ‏.ܘ‎ — 2, B sing. — 3. B ins. ‏ܗܘܐ‎ — 4, D ins. 19. — 5, B ‏ܘܗܘ‎ — 6, D ap -- 7. B
eel ἰββωων — 8, B ‏ܘܐܫܛܪ̈ܐ‎ . — 9, B ‏.ܐܦܝܣܩܘܦܐ ܚܨ‎

and also in the hands of another kinsman older than he; and he praetised
deceit and was a man of artful tricks and a dog like Nabal'; and he was
moreover engaged in the affairs of the praetoriant?. — But this virtuous Harfat
lived in pure and simple fashion and spent a guileless life within the house like
Jacob?, having committed the whole management of it to that kinsman of
his; and he himself as far as he could gave his attention to the needy and
to the salvation of his soul, while his soul] was indeed vexed and he was
distressed at the multitude of male and female slaves, and hired servants
and outsiders, and the other luxuries of the household; and he would thiuk
in himself, and say : « Whercfore do 1 need all this parade, while debtors go
on bringing interest and bonds continue to be exacted every day? »; but
the blessed man was oceupied with thoughts that were adverse to these
things. After a little time the bishop of a place called Arsamosata died, -
and they came to make the blessed man bishop, that is in the Chalcedonian
communion‘; but he shrank from this. When they saw that this man had
absolutely refused, under the inducement of riches and high position they

1.1 Sam., xxv, 3. — 2. Se. the civil servants iu. the governors offre, — 3. €ren., XXV, 27,
^. This wontd be not earlier than 519, and we (ind in fact à Menophiys te bp, of. Arsamosata at that
time (Zach. Rh.', vii, 5).
