«× 3 9 a.

‎JOHN OF EPIIESUS [138]‏ 138
‎Mason «οί Kaas;‏ ܒܗܘܢ ‎oliss‏ ܕܡܫܝܚܐ. ܗܢܐ ܕܠܐ ‎kane‏ ܐܢܐ ‎Leu)‏
‏ܗܘܬ ܠܗ ܕܒܕܡܘܬ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܦܘܠܘܣ܆. ܒܦܪܗܣܝܐ ‎sos‏ ܘܢܐܡܪܿ. ܕܝܬܝܪ ܡܢ ܟܠ
‎AC‏ ܘܕܢܐܡܪ ܬܘܒ ܐܦ ‎«οι‏ ܕܠܘ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܡܢ ܐܘܪܫܠܡ ܘܥܕܡܐ ܠܐܠܘܪܝܩܘܢ..
ܐܠܐ ܘܕܒܟܠ ‎Macon Si‏ ܒܗܘܢ ܣܒܪܬܗ ܕܡܫܝܚܐ ‎MAC‏ ܐܠܐ ܐܢ ܒܠ ܚܘܕ
ܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ‎Lao por Là eoo»‏ ܗܘܐ ܘܣܕܠܝܩ ܕܢܐܙܠ ܐܦ ܠܬܡܝܢ.. ‎De‏
‏ܐܠܗܐ ܝܩܝܪܘܬܗ ܘܣܫܒܘܬܗ ܘܥܡܠܗ. ‎καθὸ‏ ܕܪܗܛܗ ܢܫܠܡ.. ܒܡܕܝܢܬ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ
ܩܘܣܛܢܛܝܢܦܘܠܝܣ. ‎[aao‏ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܢܐ ܫܚܡܥܘܢ: ܐܦ ܡܢ ܩܕܡ ܙܒܢܐ
᾿ ܕܐܦܚܣܩܦܘܬܗ: ܥܡ ܛܢܝܼܢܐ ܚܪܝܦܐ ܘܪܬܚܐ ܕܚܠܦ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ܫܪܝܪܬܐ ‎Lp‏
‏ܠܡܘܬܐ ‎Aus‏ ܗܘܐ ‎où‏ 3,5% ܒܟ̈ܬܒܐ ܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ.. ܘܐܦ ܡܢܦܩ
‎Rares μὴ‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܠܐ ܐܢܫ ܐܚܪܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܣܝܿܒܪ ܐܢܐ.. ‎οἱ‏ ܠܐ ܗܠܝܢ
ܒܗ̈ܬܐ ܩܕ̈ܡܝܐ. ܡܛܠ ܕܥܡ ܡܘܗܒܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ܂ ܐܦ 25 ‎LS Ja] Jes,‏
ܗܘܬ ‎«οὐ‏ ܡܛܠ ‎οἷν‏ ܦܪܣܫܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ .. ‎Asso‏ ܦܪ̈ܣܝܐ ܡܬܗْܦܟ ܗܘܐ.
ܘܒܐܬܪܐ ‎où‏ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ.. ܝܘܠܦܢܐ ‎wiosofl Nes;‏ ܘܙܧܬܛܘܪܝܘܣ,. 9— ‎is sé‏
‎Jas) Jin.)‏ ܐܢܘܢ ܐܘ̈ܚܣܩܘܦܐ ܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ ܘܫܝܘ̈ܠܛܢܝܗܘܢ ܬܡܢ. ܘܥܡ ܗܢܐ
ܬܘܒ .. ܐܦ ܝܘܠܦܢܐ ܕܒܝܬ ‎«0ο‏ ܘܡܪܩܫܘܢ ܘܒܪ ‎ΠΝ ΟΣ‏ ܡܢ ܥܠܬܐ ܗܕܐ ܣܓܝ

‎countries in which the preaching of Christ had travelled; for whom, 1 think,
it would not have been improper to speak with boldness (παῤῥησία) like the
holy Paul and sav : « ] ‏ܝ‎ toiled more than all » ', and to say further this
also, that he had travelled not only from Jerusalem and as far as Ulyricum?,
but also in all countries in which the preaching of Christ had travelled, except
only the territories of Rome; and thither also he was ready and had started
Lo go, when God saw his venerable charaeter and his old age and his labour,
and ordered him to finish his course in the royal eity of Constantinople.
This holy Suneon then even before the period of his episcopacy. besides
the fervent. zeal and enthusiasm for the true faith. unto. death whieh he
possessed, was deeply versed in the Seriptures, and he was also ardent in
pracüsing. debate, beyond (in. my opinion) any other inan, even the aneient
fathers; because besides the gilt o£ God this other fact toó summoned him to
i because hio was also ἃ Persian, and he lived in Persia, and it is in that
eountey especially that tlie teaching of tlie school of Theodore and Nestorius
is very wide-spread, so (hat believing bishops and ilheir dioeceses are
fev there, and further besides this teaching dat of the sehool of Mani and

‎1. 1: )5 ce, ο, ὡς Rom, XV, 19.

‎————M——S€ ας ull.
