[183] LIVES OF MARY AND EUPHEMIA. 180

ܚܡܬܢܐܝܬܐ ܘܩܫܝܐܝܬ ܘܟܒܕܢܐܝܬ. ܘܦܩܝܼܙܘܼ ܕܒܓܘܒܐ ‎[NL‏ ܕܒܝܬ ܐܣܝܖ̈ܐ ‎ssl‏
‎JN sad‏ ܚܠܦ ‎μα νο‏ ܥܡ ܗܕܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎Maca]‏ ܝܘ̈ܡܬܐ ܬܠܬܝܢ

ܒܓܘܒܐ. ܟܕ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܟܠܝܗ̇ ‎99ο‏ ܕܬܦܘܩ. ܘܗܼܢܘܢ ‎fins‏ ܦܣܝܩܝܘ ܥܠ

ܢܦܫܗܘܢ.. ܕܥܕܡܐ ܕܬܡܝܢ ܬܣܝܒ ܩܘܪܒܢܐ ܠܐ ܬܣܩ ‎m‏ ܬܡܢ. ܘܟܢ ‎scies‏

° ܡܗܠܐ ܗܘܬ ܒܗܘܢ ‎o js le‏ ܢܬܠ ܠܝ ܕܐܣܫܒܪ ‎µε‏ ܚܠܝܦ ‎οὐ onu‏
‎dou‏ ܚܠܦܝ ܒܙܩܚܦܐ. ‎Sas‏ ܓܝܪ ‎[aies M‏ ܐ݈ܡܽܘܬ܂. ܘܠܐ ‎law)‏ ܒܟܦܘܪܝܐ
ܕܡܪܝ ܘܐܠܪܗܝ. ܘܟܕ ‎ο).‏ ܕܠܝܬܐ ܦܘܪܣܐ: ܘܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎lea Le ὁι‏
‎«όλ se‏ ܐܦܩܘܗ̇ ‎dodo‏ ܡܢ ‎Nas‏ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ. ‎sfr La‏ ܣܛܛܢܐ ܡܝܬܦܪܣ
ܗܘܐ ܕܬܗܘܐ. ܘܐܒܠܐ ܡܟܝܠ܂ ܘܬܒܪܐ ܪܒܐ ܠܡܣܟܢܘܬܐ ܘܠܗ̇ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ° ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
‎Jo‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎eh‏ ܚܐܪܘܬܐ' ܘܟܠܗ ‎Lans‏ ܗܘܬ . ‎x8‏ ܕܝܢ ‎xA‏ ܘܐܙܠܝ̈ܢ
ܠܘܬ ܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ‎Ro ωσδι «ΞΡ ΟΣ όλ,‏ ܠܐܘܪܫܠܟ. ‎nc bo‏
‎LD je‏ ܘܗ̈ܦܟܝ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܒܐܓܘ̈ܢܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܪܕܝܦܘܬܐ ܛܘܒܢ̈ܝܬܐ' ܗܠܝܢ ‎Lis‏ ܚܡܫ
ܐ̇ܬܩܦܝܢ. ܘܟܕ ܐܬܒܕ̈ܟܚܝܢ ܡܢ ‎ἰνῶν‏ ܒܬܪܟܝܢ̈ ܟܕ ܣܒܪ̈ܢ ܗܘ̈ܝ ‎Maas] y‏

LA bis — 2. E ‏ܟܠܗ‎ Ier. — 3. E pl, — 4. E sing. — 3. E ins. et

deserved these words lad heard them, they were seized with furions,
vehement, passionate indignation, and they ordered the blessed woman to
be confined in the lowest dungeon of the prison as a punishment for ‘this
audaeity'. And so she was eonfined for tlirty days in the dungeon, while
the whole city entreated that she might be released; and they bound
themselves under a curse that she should not come up thence till she received
the oblation there. Aud, when she heard it, she would moek at them, aud
say : € Would that I might undergo sufferings in returu for the €
him who suffered for my sake on the eross..— |] am gll to die here rather
than to die in denial of my Lord and my God ». And, when they saw
that it was impossible, and the whole city was grieved on her acconnt,
they released her and expelled her from the whole eity; which also
Satan had been contriving to bring about. And then all the poor of the
city were oppressed with sorrow and great aflliction, F'insomueli that ! all the
people of high position were distressed. — But they left, and. went to lier
blessed sister Mary, aud it was their wish to go up to Jerusalem : and tlies
weut up aud prayed, and returned. And so these blessed. women were
buffeted by the irials (ἀγών) of persecution [or five vears; and, having
received one another's blessing, afterwards, thinkiug ‘hat the fury against

1. Or * as also".

"ET «×
