* E 80 γ΄.

+± Av.

‎JOHN OF EPIIESUS. [184]‏ 184
ܗܘܬ ܡܬܐ ܕܥܠܝܗܝܢ.. ܗ̇ܦܟܝܢ ܠܐܡܕ ‎Reims ς δυο‏ + ܘܥܡܪ̈. ܗܘܝ ܠܘܬ
ܐܢܫ ܒܪ ܚܐܪ̈ܐ. ° ܘܟܕ ܫܪܝܬܐ ܡܬܪܓܫܐ: ܘܫܪܝܘ ܕܢܡܠܠܘܢ ܡܛܠܬܗܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ
ܕܠܩܘܒܬܐ.. ܐܬܪܗܒܘܐ ‎NO‏ ܕܥܡܕ̈ܢ ‎uod‏ ܠܝܘܬܗܘܢ.. ܘܐܦܝܣܘ ܐܢܝܢ ܕܝ̈ܢܝܢ
ܠܗܝܢ.. ܕܕܠܡܐ ܠܡ ܢܬܒܕܙܙ ܒܝܬܗܘܢ܇ ܗܝ ‎e‏ ܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ‎Mao Maux‏
ܠܘܐ ܐܠܗܐ ‎“solo‏ ° ܡܪܝ ܝܕܥܝܢ ‎aeui‏ ܕܐܬܡܚܠܬ ܠܝ ܂. ܘܠܝܬ ܒܝ ܚܝܠܐ
‎agio sol‏ ܠܝ. ܘܒܗܘ ܒܠܠܝܐ ܐܫܬܕܪ ܒܬܪܗ̇ ܕܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ ܐܝܟ ‎NS Js‏ 1
‎Naso SR y‏ ܒܟܘܪܗܢܐ. ܘܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ ܐܠܝܨܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܡܛܠܬܗ̇ ‎DE‏
‎ls‏ ܐܢܘܢ ܘܐܡܿܪܐ ܠܗܘܢ. ܕܠܐ ܬܦܫܬܚܩܘܢ ‎mis‏ ܕܢܦܩܐ ܐܢܐ ܠܝ ܡܢ ‎αλ.»‏
‏ܒܗܕܐ ܫܒܬܐ܂ ܐܡܝܢܐܝܬ. ܗܼܢܘܢ ‎xs‏ ܠܐ ‎ον οὶ‏ ܡܠܬܗܿ:. ‎Lits,‏ ܡܦܩܢܐ
‎ssl‏ ܘܩܕܪܬ ܠܒܪܬܗܿ ܐܝܕܐ" ܕܡܐܪܝܐ ܡܬܩܪܝܐ ܗܘܬ ‎κκ ος ο ο‏
‎Los‏ ܘܛܪܝ ܢܦܢܟܝ ܒܝܕܟܝܘܬܐ ܠܝܡܝܪܝܐ ܡܪܟܝ ‎Liasolls où‏ ܠ ܗ. ‎Jo‏
‏ܬܬܥܝܩܚܢܼ ܕܠܐ ‎Las‏ ܐܢܐ ܠܟܝ. ܚܣ ܠܝܚ ܚܒܫܒܬܝ. ܐܠܐ ܡܝܓܥܝܠܐ° ܐܢܐ ‎AM‏

‎1. E ins, «e? ‏ܗܘܘ‎ — 2, E «por Mag. — 3, E Lislo. — 4. A ΙΕ. — δ. E (asus. — 6. E

‎Mali — 7 E ‏ܕܡܓܥܐ‎

‎them had perhaps abated, they returned 10 Amida and came in secretly, and
they resided in a certain gentleman’s house, And, when it began to
become known, aud the :udversaries began to speak about them, those
in whose house they were residing were alarmed, and they besought them
to depart, lest (as they said) their house shonld be plundered. But the
blessed woman was distressed; and she cried to God, and said : « My Lord,
Πιν merey knoweth that 1 have grown feeble, and there is no more strength
iu πο, It is sulficient lor me ». And the same night a summons was sent
forth for the blessed womau according to tlie request of her prayer, and she
fell into à sickness ; and, while llese people were troubled on her account
and in fear, she called them, aud says to them : « Be not dismayed, my
children; for | shall go out [rom "among von! this week assuredly ». But
they did not understand her words, to what departure she referred. And she
called her daughter, who was called Maria, and said to her : « My daughier,
be comforked in Christ, and keep yourself in purity for the Lord νους Lord to
whom vou were betrothed; and be not distressed, for | am not desertiug you
ifar heit from me, my beloved) ; but lam committing you to the Child of my

‎l. Or ', our οκ),

