λα νο.

172 JOIIN OF EPHESUS. [173]
‏ܗܘ̈ܝ܂.‎ LS ‏ܗܘ̈ܝ ܠܗ. ܡܛܠ ܕܝܢ ܕܙܩܕܐܝܬ ܘܪܝܫܐܝܬ‎ ax ‏ܠܐ‎ φλας alis
‏ܗ̈ܘܝ. ܟܕ ܗܢܐ ܡܢ‎ e Jenae ‏ܕܥܝ̈ܙܐ‎ Jose. Las ‏ܒܠܚܘܕ ܠܫܬܛܪ̈ܝܝܢ‎ we
Jiasy «ού... Lise ‏ܗܘܬ ܘܦܠܬܥܝܝܐ..‎ [Lacs ‏ܪ̈ܘܪܒܬܐ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ‎ Js] Aus
‏ܘܕܪ̈ܡܝܫܚ‎ jen ‏ܕܡܡܣܟܢܐ‎ Lu loo jj ‏ܘܠܓ ܘܐ‎ oóto ‏ܒܦܠܝܓܪܗ..‎ 1
‏ܐܝܟܐ ܕܐܹܝܬ? ܡܶܢ‎ Nas feo ‏ܘܠܥܝܡܐ‎ κα» jo ‏ܟܠ‎ E sois

. ‏ܡ ܘܒ ܠܐ ܗܘܬ'.° ܘܬܘܒ‎ xl yv οἱ οὶ ‏ܒܟܝܬ‎ a2) οἱ ec

ܒܥܘ̈ܩܐ ܘܠ ܗܘܢ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܡܬܟܪܟܐ ܗܘܬ . ܘܟ ܘܠ ܐܝܟܐ ‎Joss "loot Lunases‏
‎οἱ Ja ol‏ ܣܘܒܝܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܣܒܐ ܕܠܐ ܡܨܐ ܕܢܩܘܡ.. ܠܘܬ ܟܠ ܚܕ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ
‎LA:‏ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܫܐܠܐ ‎o‏ ܕܡܢܐ ‎Ej “οἱ‏ ܠܟ. ܒܥܐ ܐܢܬ ܐܙܒܝܢ ܠܟ ܠܚܡܐ
ܘܝܙ̈ܩܘܢܐ ‎οἱ sa ds‏ ܕܡ ܡܕܡ ܐܚܪܝܢ ܚܠܦ ܗܢܐ ܪܓܐ ܠܟ . ‎μὰς ol‏ ܠܚܡܐ
ܕܤܡܝܕܐ ܪܓܐ ܠܟ ܙܠ ܐܙܒܢ ܠܟ. ܘܗܽܘ ‎Jer»‏ 56/5 ܗܘܐ ‎où‏ ܡܝܢ ܕܗܼܘ: ܐܠܘ
‎Jia‏ ܗܘܬ ܬܟܣܝܬ ܐ| ܕܪܺܝܥܪܘܿܢ. ܕܠܐ ‎eoa]‏ ܠܐ ‎[aia‏ ܗܘܬ ܠܗ. ‎4e‏ ܠܝܬ ܗܘܐ
ܠܗ̇ ܡܝ̈ܥܐ ‎Ede exero‏ ܗܘܬ ܠܒܫܬܗ̇ ܘܦܐܩܠܐ ܗܘܬ ܚܕ ܡܢ ‎ous‏ ܚܫܚܚܬܗܝܢ..

1. Eins bel. 2, E ‏:ܘܦܨ‎ 28 3. E om. - 4. E ins. ‏ܐܠܗ‎

came 1n, neither she her danghter tasted any ol it. But, because they were
line and excellent workwomen, they would weave two pouuds only of goat's
wool varn for a denarius, which she received from great ladies of the city and
worked up, buying their small supply of provisions with half of it,
and assiguing the other half 10 the relief of the poor and the sick and
the prisouers, while every day she would take cooked food and bread and
wine to every place where there was anyone in houds or shut up in prison or
auvwhere else, and again she would go round all the streets of the city, and
wherever she found à sick ian or a eripple, or à blind man or an oll man
who could not stand, she would sit by the side of each one of them and ask
him, « What, my brother, do you wish? Would vou like me to buy vou
some bread and herbs only? Or do von perhaps wish for something else
instead of this? or do you perhaps wish me to go and buy vou some fine
wheaten bread?» And, wliatever the man, whoever he might be, said, if
her head-covering was iu its place, she did not leave him till she had satisfied
him. And, if she had no coppers at hand, she would run to her house and
take some avtiele of their furniture aud go and pawn il, and thus she would

1 |osdace was covered.

—— mmm

ܢ
‎u‏ ܢܓ ܡܡ ‎a‏

^
