4

‎LIVES OF THOMAS AND STEPHEN. 901‏ 201[
‎asa‏ ܥܕܢܘ̈ܗܝ ܒܣܕܪܐ ܡܬܩܪܒܝܢ ܘܥܒܪܝܢ ܩܕܡ ‎JS‏ ܟܕ ‎wd‏ ܟܠ ܚܕ
ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ‎où‏ ܡܕܡ ܕܣܥܪܣ ܒܗ ‎NC Luis où‏ ܕܛܒ ‎NU NC‏
‎fausse‏ ܠܐܠܗܐ. ‎NO‏ ܬܘܒ ܕܒܛܝܼܠܢܐ ‎ο)‏ ܛܒ̈ܬܐ ܘܡܝܢ ‎JN‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎Las‏
‏ܕܒܸܒܪ ܡܢ ܚܝ̈ܝܢ.. ܗܟܢܐ ܣܦܝܩܐ ܘܬܡܿܝܗܐ ܘܒܠܛܝܠܐ ܕܘܟܬܐ ܕܚܝ̈ܘܗܝ ܕܗ̇ܘ ܡܶܢ
ܕܗܼܘ ܒܗ܂. ܘܩܚܡܐ ܘܡܩܛܪܓܐ ܠܗ. ܟܕ ‎v‏ ܝܘܡܐ ‎où‏ ܦܐܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ‎ντου‏
‏ܘܬܘܕܝܬܐ 1232324 . ‎MES. usé, JA salo‏ ܕܡܨ̈ܠܝܢܐ.. ܘܙܕܩܚܬܐ ܕܝܗ̈ܘܒܐ..
ܘܫܘܒܩܢܐ ‎Joësss‏ : ܘܡܚܘܐ ܠܐܠܗܐ.. ܟܕ ‎Nat‏ ܒܪܗ ܕܟܠ ܐܢܫ ܕܝܠܗ ܐܝܠܝܢ
‎οἱ fac «οι» 9:‏ ܐܒܐ . ܐܝܟܢܐ ܟܕ ‎ὅλοι‏ ܗܟܢܐ ‎JN was “Robe‏
ܚܕܐ ܘܠܐ ܢܙܘܥ  ‎bras‏ ܡܢܢ ܣܦܝܩܐܝܬ 3 ܟܕ ‎Lh» J‏ ܦܐ ܖܐ ܕܬܝܒܘܬܢ:
ܘܡܬܟܬܒܝܢ ܒܗ̇ ܩܝ̈ܠܐ ܕܬܫܒ̈ܚܬܢ. ‎Lin)‏ ܐܚܘܢ ܢܬܬܚܕ ܒܛܥܝܘܬܗ ܕܥܠܡܐ
‎«nova.‏ ܗܢܐ ‎“Ji‏ ܘܠܐ ‎suse eo ολα‏ ܕܡܢ ܗܕܐ ‎Ja‏ ܕܩܚܡܝܢܐܢ ‎ao ὃν»‏
ܗܟܢܐ ‎pan‏ ܗܘܝܢ ܡܢܘ ܡܢ ܟܕ ܐܬܝܥܕܢ ܘܥܕܡܐ ܠܗܢܐ. ܘܗܐ ܡܢ ܟܕ
‎sas ra ΤΑ hb.‏ - ܩܠܝܠܐܝܬ ܗܐ ‎so Los‏ ܘܐܼܙܠܐ. ܗܬܘܒ ܕܢܕܪܟܝܗ̇ ܐܠܘ ܪܗ̇ܛܝܢܢ'

‎LA ‏ܗܢܘܢ‎ -- 2, À deos. — 3, B om. — 4. D ‏ܣܪܝܩܐܝܬ‎ qoe "omi. — 5, B abes ‏ܬܘܒ ܘ‎ oise.

‎may be known to him, therefore his own moments approach iu order and pass
before God, cach one of them carrying that which that man did in it, whether
it be what is good or what is evil, and showing it to God. And, if again
a day which has passed of our life is one of abstention from good deeds and
from evil, the place in the life of the man whoever he be is in it similarly
void and torpid and useless, and it stands up and accuses him, since that day
carries the fruits of tho saints, and the confession of the confessors, and the
praises of those who give praise, and the prayers of those who pray, and
the alms of the givers, and the forgiveness of those who forgive, and shows
them to God, every man's own actions which he performed in it being depic-
ted on it. And now, O father, when these things are so, how shall we
neglect one hour and not tremble to let it pass from us void without carrving
the fruits of our repentance, and without the words of our praises being
written upon it? How, our brother, shall we be caught by the deceit of
this lving world, and not understand aud consider that from this hour in
which we now stand we were equally distant from the time of our birth
down to the present day, and, since we began to speak, it has been quickly
fleeing from us and departing, and. if we run after it lor a thousand vears,
