[139] LIFE OF SIMEON THE BISIIOP. 139

ܐܬܗ̇ܦܟ ܬܡܿܢ. ܡܐܢܝܚ ܕܝܢ ‎x‏ ܒܗ ܒܐܬܪܐ܂ ܣܓܝܚ ]99 . ܘܬܡܢ ܐܦ ‎«oa has‏
ܟܕ ܚܝ܂ ܘܡܝܬ ܬܡܝܢ. ܒܪ ܕܝܕܢ ܕܝܢ ܘܡܪܩܚܘܢ.. ܡܛܠ ܕܒܙܒܢ ܐܣܟܘܠܐ ܐܝܬ
ܗܘܐ ܒܐܘܪܗܝ ܕܦܪ̈ܣܚܐ: ܘܗܼܢܘܢ ܦܪ̈ܣܝܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܒܣܘܓܐܐ ‎Las‏ ܠܥ ܘܩܥ ܐ
ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ.. ܐܬܢܦܩܘ ‎lo NS SN S‏ ܕܒܪ ܕܝܕܢ ܘܕܡܝܪܩܝܘܢ ‎Tasse‏ ܒܗܝܢ..
‎ok lo‏ ܘܢܕ ܒܘ ܒܐܬ ܪܐ ‎y où‏ ܗܕܐ ‎JI s‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ° ,608 ܠܐܣܟܝܘܠܐ ‎δι‏
‏ܡܪܒܝܢܐ ܡܿܢ ܗܘܐ܂. ܗܝܒܐ ‎où Lien so‏ ܕܗܘܼܐ ܒܝܙܒܢ ܬܡܢ ܡܕܒܪܢܐ܇. ܕܥܝܕܬܐ
ܕܐܘܪܗܝ. ܡܛܠ ܕܗܢܐ ܠܘ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܐܝܟ ܢܣܛܘܪܝܘܣ ܓܕܦ,. ‎e] Jl‏ ܥܕܒܪܗ
ܒܪܘܦܥܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎[οι sp‏ ܡܪܝܪܬܐ ܒܐܘܪܗܝ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܡܬܪܒܚܐ ܗܘܐ . ܐܕܪܟܗ̇ ܩܕܝܫܐ
ܩܘܪܐ ܐܦܚܣܩܘܦܐ.. ‎aso‏ ܡܝܢ ܦܕ̈̈ ܝܗ ܘܠܐ ‎aa‏ ܬܘܒ ܕܬܦܒܬܡܗ ܬܡܢ

ܐܣܟܘܠܐ ܕܦܪ̈ܣܝܐ̈ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܢ ܩܕܡ ܙܒܢܐ. ܘܗܼܝ ܗܕܐ ܡܢ ‎seem‏ ܒܢܨܝܒܝܢ
ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܐܬܬܣܕܚܡܬ. ܕܡܢܗ̇ ܐܬܪܐ ‎oZ» où‏ ܬܛܝܪܐ ‎fis)‏ ܥܬܝܢ. ‎Mal‏ ܕܐܦ

ܒ ܐܬܪܐ ܗܢܐ ܕܝܠܢ ܕܪ̈ܗܘܡܝܐ ‎vod‏ ܐܢܫ ܐܢܫ ܡܢܪܗܘ. ܠܘܩܒܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܗܟܝܚܠ
ܛܘܒܢܐ ܫܡܥܘܢ ‎Ras‏ ܒܟܠ ܥܕܢ ‎x‏ ܗܘܐ .. ‎Lis Jo‏ ܡܬܬܟܬܫ ܗܘܐ

1. Ms. sing. — 2. Ms, ‏ܘܛܒܥ‎ — 3. Ms, pl.

Mareion and Bar Daisan also had from this eause been mueh dissemi-
nated there, and Mani travelled much there in the same country, aud there
also they flayed him alive, and he died there; and Bar Daixan and Mar-
cion', beeause there was once a school (σχολή) of Persiaus at Edessa, and
the Persians are in general keen inquirers, they were trained in the tenets
of Bar Daisan and of Mareion aud became immersed in them; and they
carried this evil plant down and planted it in that country; even as Hiba
the blasphemer who was once ruler there (of the chureh of Edessa) made
himself a promoter of that same school (σχολή); because this man not only
blasphemed like Nestorius, but even surpassed him in wickedness. When
this bitter plant was spreading in the city of Edessa, the holy bishop
Cyrus discovered it, and tore it out from its roots, and did not allow the
school (sy5»4) of the Persians to be mentioned there again, as had been
the case before?; and this school was from that time established in the
eity of Nisibis, from which all that eountry driuk dregs of gall, so that
even in this our country, the country of the Romans, some men taste of
iU. Againstthese therefore the blessed Simeon was always strongly armed

1. The sentence is left unfinished, and the sense completed in another way, — 2. 489 Chron. 1:1658,
A. B. fou. — 3. Cf. Simeon’s own accounl in Assem., B. O., T, p. 350-355, frum whleh John probably
took this.

*3 vb.
