‘Eur

“Air b.

182 JONN OF EPHESUS. [182]

ܣܛܢܐ ‎jm) où‏ ܒܟܠ ܒܢ ‎Mia sas‏ ܠܐ ܐܗܼܡܝ ܡܝܢ ܕܢܥܚܝܪ ܥܠܝܗܝܢ
ܢܣܝܘܢܐ܇. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܢܦܝܫ ‎Ja o‏ ܐܢܝ̈ܝܢ ܡܢ ‎Lila.‏ ܕܬܐܓܘܪܬܗ | ‎ως‏
‏ܘܪܘܚܝܢܚܬܐ. ‎wort‏ ܐܥܝܪ ܥܠܝܗܝܢ ‎CCE ? La dio Ie cns‏ ܕܐܚܝܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ
‎NU μᾶδα. ᾿‏ ܩܫܝܐܝܬ ܘܚ ܪܡܐܝܬ܂ ܘܕܠܐ ‎au‏ ܟܕ ‎xol‏ ܕܗܠܝܢ ‎D‏
‎δὴ‏ ܠܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܗܕܐ܂. ܘܝܬܝܪ ܡܢ ܐܘܦܚܶܣܩܘܦܐ ܣ ܕܚܠܝܢ ܡܢܗܝܢ ܒ̈ܢܝ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ
ܘܡܝܩܪܝܢ ܠܗܝܢ. ܡܛܠ ܥܡ ܕܥܒܫܕ ܒܝܬܗܝܢ ܡܥܪܬܐ ܕܠܝܣ̈ܛܛܝܐ.. ܘܡܩܟܥܢ
ܘܡܣܬܝ̈ܢ ܥܗܠܝܢ ‎axe‏ ܘܫܕܪܘ ‎JA «οἱ las solo «xl ου.‏
ܐܝܟ ܕܢܥܒܕܘܢ ‎Jloolos Mis «xl‏ ܕܪ̈ܘܫܥܗܘܢ. ܘܟܕ ‎"Joe so‏ ܘܒܝܕ ‎[EST AN‏
ܘܒܚܝܕ ‎Jis‏ ܐܣܕܪܚܘ ܠܝܘܬܗܝܢ ‎Jo‏ ܐܬܪܦܚ: ܐܠܐ ‎Abus co‏ ܡܡܠܬܐ ܗܘܬ
ܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ܒܬܘܟܠܝܢܐ ‎αλλου‏ ܥܡ ܡܘܬܐ ܟܕ ܐܡܡܪܐ܂. ܕܠܝ ܚܣ ܠܚܝ ܡܝܢ
‎.Luusso sas, Lise‏ ܕܐܫܬܘܬܦ ‎ALAN‏ ܘܠܡܟܪ̈ܙܝ ܪܒܝܥܝܚܘܬܐ ܚܠܦ
‎Ja NS‏ ܩܕܝܫܥܬܐ. ܘܟܕ ܡܠܬܐ ܗܕܐ ܫܡܥܘ ܗܠܝܢ ‎ras)‏ ܗܘܘ ‎-.δ‏ ܐܬ݀ܠܙ ܙܘ

1. E φοίλος εν - 8, E, ‏.ܗܪܺܝܛܝܩܝܐ‎ — 3, Αλλο]. — 4 E Volo. — 5. E ins, ‏.ܐܡܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܥܠܝܗܝܢ‎

*

saints [rom all quarters, Satan who is always envious of good things did not
neglect to. stir up a trial against them, in order to make them lose the benefit
of their great and spiritual business and deprive them of it. Then he stirred
πρ against them the heretical euvy of those. who held power in the church,
cruelly and savagely and moreilessly, in that they said, « These women are
disturbing thix eity, and the citizens lear and honour them more than the
bishops: since their house lias been male ἃ cave of robbers', aud they
receive and shelter the deceivers ». And they sent and arrested them and
brought them into tlie church, in order to make them communicants iu their
impiety. — When they had. brought maux inducements to bear upon them
both in the way of threats and in the way of blandishments and they did not
yield, but tlie blessed. woman in confidence that fights with death even used
vehement language, saving, « As for me, may the Lord Jesus Christ deliver
Le from eommunieatiug. with those who divide him, and with those who
‏ܣ‎ ( a quaternity in place of the Holy Trinity »?, and, when those who

Lou 1 ) 1? 8 N ® ( : sbory is 0 by John in A. < ‏ܠ ܣ‎
