(153 LIFE OF SIMEON THE ΒΙΡΗΟΡ. 153

ܘܢܠܬܝܗܒܘܢ ܠܚܒܘܢܝܐ ܒܢܨܝܒܝܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎ex ullo ani}‏ ܚܒܘܢܝܐ ܡܪܝܪܐ..
ܐܝܟ ܕܐܝܬ ‎Jes‏ ܠܦܪ̈ܣܝܐ ‎Gas,‏ ܕܠܐ ܪ̈ܚܡܐ܂ ܫܒܥ ܫܢܝ̈ܢ. ܟܕ ܥܒܝܕܝܢ
| ܒܐܘܠܨܢܐ ܪܒܐ ܘܒܐܓܘܢܐ ‎jaxys [nme‏ ܗܘ ܦܘܡܐ܂ ܕܥܠ ‎LAS où Lol‏
ܘܗܿܝܙܝܢ ܡܢ ܕܐܘܦܝܘ ‎LL‏ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ: ܘܡܟܝܠ ܒܬܪܥܐ ܕܡܘܐܐܼ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܢܡܝܝܢ
ܗܘܘ: ܡܢ ܐܘܠܨܢܐ ‎slo‏ ܡܢ ܢܘܓܪܐ.. ‎xu]‏ ܗܥܝܢ ‎ο τν‏ ܕܟܘܫ ܐܬܟܬܒ.
ܘܡܛܘܠ ܕܡܗܝܡܢܐ ܐܦ ‎oo‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ .+ ܒܝܕ ܐܝ̈ܙܓܕܘܗܝ ‎IS‏ ܗܕܐ ܡܢ
ܡܶܠܟܐ ܦܪܣܝܐ ܫܐܠ - ‎le‏ ܐܢܘܢ ܡܢ ܐܘܠܨܢܐ ‎où‏ ܒܬܪ ܕܝܢ ܙܒܢܐ.. ܗܘܼܐ
ܩܘܛܪܓܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܬܘܒ ‎os‏ ܡܢ ܐܦܫ̈ܣܩܘܦܐ ܢܣܛܘܪ̈ܝܢܘ ܩܕܡ ‎LS‏
‏ܟܕ ‎Der RO ea]‏ ܐܚܝܕܝܢ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ܒܟܘܠܗܘܢ ‎Lewis‏ ܘܒܟܠܗܝܢ
ܡ̈ܠܟܘܬܐ.. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܝܠܦ ܗܠܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܫܡܥܘܢ.. ܠܬܪܥܐ ‎Je Lis:‏

ܘܒܡܟܣܢܘܬܐ ܕܕܓܠܘܬܐ ܗܕܐ ܚܠܝܨܐܝܬ ܡܬ݀ܟܬܫ ܗܘܐ. ܡ̈ܓܘܫܐ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ܣܝܓܝܚ
ܡܢܗܘܢ ܡܫܬ ܚܩܝܢ ܗܘܘ: ܟܕ ܐܐ ܝܕܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܢܕܘܼܢܘܢ ‎goles orco‏
ܐܦܝܼܩܘ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ ܗܟܢܐ. ‎x‏ ܥܡ ܕܨܐܒܐ ܡܢܟܘܢܼ ‎«uot‏ ܠܗ ܫܘܠܛܛܢܝܐ ܕܢܦܘܩ

1. Ms. om. ?.

committed to prison at Nisibis; aud thus they were arrested and imprisoned
in bitter confinement (as is the eustom of the Persiaus who imprison without
mercy) for seven years, being subjected to great distress and severe trial
[ἀγών), so that the mouth is too small for us to describe that distress. And
then, after their own lives had wasted away, aud they were all already
knocking at the gate of death, from tlie distress and also from the length of
time, an account of these things was written to the king of Aethiopia ; and,
since he also was a believer, he inade this request though his ambassadors
of the Persian king, and lie released them from that distress. But after a
time much accusation was again made against them before the king hy the
Nestorian bishops, who said : « Our people hold the faith among all Christians
and iu all Kingdoms ». When the blessed Simeon learned these things, he
camo to the king's court, and strennously contended in the refutation of this
faischood. But the Magiaus, being much worried bv them, sinee they. did
not know how to judge and decide between them, issued an order in these
terms : « Whoever of you wishes it, permission is given to him to go ont

7 7 (9 2
