[151] LIFE OF SIMEON THE BISHOP. 151

‎«κά σα‏ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ: ܘܦܩܕ ܕܒܪܗ ܙܬ ܦܪܐ: ܘܡܛܠܗܕܐ ‎Jlas hs‏ ܟܠ ܐܢܫ ܒܪ
ܡܿܠܟܐ ‎[e‏ ܠܗ ܟܕ ܠܝܬܘܗܝ ܒܪܗ ܒܟܝܢܐ,. ‎ylasi L3‏ ܒܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ. ‎où oo‏
ܒܪ ܡܣ̈ܟܢܐ: ܟܕ ܛܒ ‎Was‏ ܠܗ ܡܿܠܟܐ: ܘܡܿܡܫܡܗ ܠܗ ܒܪܗ: ܟܕ ܠܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
ܐܝܟ ܡܠܬܗ ܕܝܠܗ: ܐܝܬ ܠܗ ܐܒܐ ܕܟܚܢܐ.. ܐܘ ܡܢ ° ܐܝܟܐ ‎aus ae ou‏
ܡܢܘ ܐܒܘܗܝ ‎oigo‏ ܒܪ ܐܢܫܐ ܕܐܡܿܪ. ܐܝܬ ܠܗ ܐܒܐ ܟܝܢܝܐ.. ‎do‏ ܕܝܢ ܠܐ ܢܚܝܘܐ
ܩܕܡܝܟ ܡܝܢ ܐܝܟܐ ‎enle Dh‏ ܐܒܘܗܝ ̈ ܟܕ ‎κ»)‏ ܩܬܘܠܚܩܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܢ
ܡܪܙܒܢܐ ‎SSH‏ ܥܡ ܟܠܗ ܟܢܘܢܝܐ ܕܐܦܫ̈ܣܩܦܐ ܕܝܠܗ.. ܐܬܥܛܦܘܗ ܒܥܠ
ܣܦܘ̈ܬܗܘܢ ܟܕ ܪ̈ܝܫܝܗܘܢ ܠܬܚܬ.. ܘܠܐ ܐܫܟܕܚܘ ‎NS‏ ܦܬܓܡܐ. ܘܟܕ ܚܪܝܦܐܝܬ
‎Junt ssl‏ ܕܢܚܘܘܢ ܐܒܘܗܝ ‎ον‏ ܕܐ̱ܡܿܪܝܢ.. ܐܘܕܝܘ ܕܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ ‎Jie Doll‏
ܙܘܘܓܐ . ܐܸܡܪ ‎aussi‏ ܡܕܚܝܢ ܐܶܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܗܘܐ ܐܒܘܗܝ. ܐܠܗܐ ‎οοι‏ ܐܦ ܒܪܗ. ܘܐܸܢ
ܬܘܒ ‎urs‏ ܗܘܐ ܐܒܘܗܝ ܘܡܢ ܙܪܥܐ ܕܙܘܘܓܐ ܐܟܘܐܢ.. ܒܪܢܫܐ ܗܘܐ ‎og‏ ܐܝܟ
‎TE‏ ܡܢ ܩܕܝܡ. ܐܠܐ ܗܐ ܐܢܬ 28 ܒܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܠܕܠܬ ‎πε λα‏
ܘܗܠܝܢ ܕܙܥܘܪ̈ܝ̣ܢ ܡܢܟܘܢ ‎qna‏ ܡܠܬܐ ܫܪܝܪܬܐ ܘܚܠܝܡܬܐ. ܘܐܝܟ ܕܐܡܿܪܝܢ

‎heap and elothes him in royal raiment, and orders him to be called his son,
and therefore by graee everyone calls him the king's son while he is not his
son by nature, let your highness put the question to bim : ‘Has that poor
man's son (though the king takes him and names him his son while he is
not so according to his own l'very statement!) ἃ natural father? Or whence
washeborn?' Inqnire? from him who is the father of the man also of whom
he speaks. Has he a natural father? and if not let him show in your
presence wlienee he was born and who his father is». When the catholicus
received tlie questions put by the marzban, with the whole assembly of his
bishops, they closed their lips and bung their heads, and could not utter a
word; and when the judge sharply insisted on their deelaring the father of
him οἱ whom they were speak, they coufessed that he was born from God and
without copulation.

‎The governor says : « "Therefore if God was his father his son also is
God. And, if again a man was his father and he eame from the seed of
copulation like us, he himself also was ἃ man as you said before. But by the
words that you have spoken you have refuted and condemned. vonrsell; and
men who are fewer than you hold the true and sound logical position, aud
the thing is as they say hy your own testimony ». Then the believing

‎1. Or ‘proper character’. — 2, See p. 39, n. 2.

‎*36 y? b.
