QE

75 1^.

174 JOIN OF EPHESUS. [174]

ܘܐܓܪ ܪܘܚܗ ܘܠܐ ܪܛܢ܂. ܝܪܬ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܕܫܡܝܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ »2229 ܘܣܥܘܪܬܢ ‎Kio‏ ܗܘܘ

ο Rx) οσα ‏ܡܡܣܟܢܐ. ܛܘܒܝܗ̇ ܫܪܝܪܐܝܬ 2979 ܢܦܢܐ ܕ‎ à

ܛܝܒܘܬܗܿ ܘܒܘܪ̈ܟܬܗܿ.. ܒܕܡܘܬ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܗܺܝ' ܛܒܝܬܐ ܩܕܡܝܬܐ.܇. ܘܡ̈ܡܚܘܝܢ ܠܐܠܗܐ
ܚܠܙܐ ܟܠ. ° ܘܡܟܝܠ ܗ݈ܝ ܗܕܐ܂. ܛܒܝܬܐ܂ ܒܟܠܗ̇ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܡܬܩܪܝܐ ܗܘܬ. ܘܟܕ
ܚܐܙܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎lo pe‏ ܘܛܢܢܗ̇ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܚܐܪ̈ܐ ܘܚܙܪ̈ܬܐ ‎NS «Eso JN so‏
ܗܘܬ ܕܠܝܬ ܗܘܐ ‎IN jan ol * Nail ases ó‏ ܟܘܠ ܕܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ
ܛܢܢܐ ܕܚܠܦ ܝܘܬܪܢܐ ܕܚ̈ܚܘܗܝ܂. ܡܦܝܣ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܕܬܐܙܠ.. ܘܟܠܝܡܕܡ ܕܝ ܕܒܐ
ܕܡܬܒܥܐ ܠܙܘ ܠܢܝܚܐ ܕܡܠܛܕ̈ܦܐ܂. ‎«eol‏ ܘܬܣܥܘܪܿ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܡܬܪܘܚܐ ‎σοι‏
‏ܡܛܠ ܕܒܬܪ̈ܬܝܗܝܢ ܐܠܝܐ ܗܘܬ ܣܓܝ. ܚܕܐ ܕܠܐ ܣܦܩܐ ܗܘܬ ‎uk‏ ܠܟܪ̈ܝܗܐ
ܘܣܢܫ̈ܩܐ ܡܢ ܥܡܠܗܝܢ ܙܥܘܪܐ܂. ܘܐܚܪܬܐ ‎où‏ ܦܘܠܚܝܢܐ ‎Jos;‏ ܗܘܬ 9 ܥܒܕ
‎A‏ ܐܠܐ ܐܢ ܒܥܠܝܐ܂ ܠܐ ܡܣܬܦܩܐ ܗܘܬ ܕܬܬܩܪܒ ܠܗ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ‎als vu‏
ܠܠܝܐ ܘܐܝܡܡܐ ܥܡܠܐ ܗܘܬ ܬܡܝܡܐܝܬ܂ ‎Ji; Jio‏ ܟܕ ‎fs]‏ ܗܘܐ ‎KT‏ ܐܢܫ ܢܐܡܪ
ܗܘܐ ‎&N‏ ܡܢ ‎Lass, ike οἱ lis‏ ܠܟܝ ‎maso)‏ ܝܘܡܐ ‎oe»‏ ܒܥܝܡܝܠܐ

LE 2 2, Eom.

kingdonrof heaven. « And 5ο the poor used to eall her ‘our comfort and our
ναοῦ, Blessed truly is tbat soul for the number of souls that are laden
with gratitude to lier aud with her bounties, like those of tlie original Tabitha,
and display them to God the all-seeing; and aeeordingly this woman was
called Fabitha all over the 10 And, wlien all the high-placed meu. aud
women of the eity saw her strennonsness and her zeal, and saw that she was
distressed. beeause she could not visit (le. distressed in a liberal fashion,
everyone who was earnest in seeking what was for the good of his life used
to enteeat her to go and take everything that she knew to be required by lier
for the relief of the alllieted and visit them: and thns she was henceforth
free from anxiety, because on both poiuts she was much distressed,
one that she vas unable to relieve. the sick. and needy out of. their
small amount of labour, and another that she had iot leisure. {ο devote
herself t0 the. employment: which she had taken upon herself, the work of
her Bande, exeept αὐ night. Aud tlierefore her daughter laboured simple-
mindedly and without murmuring night iud day, aud she would say if ‏ܪ‎

ol her companions or anyone else said to her, « Your mother leaves you to
