[129] LIFE OF ADDAI THE CHOREPISCOPUS., 129

ܥܣܩܘ ܬܐ ‎να)‏ ܘܣܓܚܐܘܬܐ ܕܬܠܓܐ ܪܛܥܢܝܢ ܕܠܐ ‎Jo‏ ܠܘܥܕܐ ܕܐܓܘܪܣܐ ܚܝܕ
ܕܒܗܘܢ ‎Pak‏ ܗܠܝܢ ‎«ολ.»‏ ܗܘܐ ܢܚܝܬ ‎νο + Jon‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ‎lo Mie»‏
ܡܣܬܐܼ ܗܘܐ. ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܕܝܢ ‎xs us‏ ܕܒܗܢܐ ܕܘܒܪܐ ܗܼܘܐ ܟܕ ‎a, po‏ ܕܦܘܪܢܣܐ
‎lem Jem‏ ܕܝܪܗ. ܘܟܕ ܝܕܥ , ‎dM‏ ܥܣܪ ܙܒܢ̈ܝܢ ܒܠܚܘܕ ° ‎Ro slt‏
ܗܘܐ ‎lai às‏ ܦܘܪܢܣܐ ܕܣܢܫ̈ܩܐ ‎pl‏ ܕܡܢ ‎D‏ ܘܠܚܨ ܗܘܐ ‎μιϑας‏
‎xo‏ ܡܛܘܠ ܟܦ̈ܢܐ ܘܡܡܩܐ ܕܠܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ‎volo NE‏
ܘܒܬ̈ܝܚ ‎Oa?‏ ܠܝܨܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎cri + Joysmes‏ ܐܬܪܥܝ ܕܡܟܝܠ ‎MD‏ ܠܝ
ܦܘܪܣܐ ܡܢ ܚܕ ܡܢ ‎RE‏ ܠܦܘܪܢܣܐ ‎τῶν‏ ܐܠܐ ܕܢܐܬܘܢ ܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ ܘܢܥܒܕܘܢ
‎LES I»‏ ܛܘܪܵܐ܂. ‎)οόιο‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܦܘܪܢܣܐ܂ ܘܠܣܢ̈ܝܩܐ. ‎ωοιο‏ ܗܕܐ܂ ‎ms J‏
‎Jil‏ ܟܕ ܐܬܘ ܠܘܬܗ ‎μοὶ‏ ܠܗܘܢ.. ‎Jaco‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܡܠܬܐ ܗܕܐܼ. ܘܐܝܬܝܘ ‎Las‏
‏ܘܚܝ̣ܦܪܘܢ.. ‎ausilo‏ ܬܡܝܢ ‎Js‏ ܩܕܡܝܬܐ, ܐܝܟ ܥܣܕ̈ܝܢ ܐܠܦܝ̈ܢ. ܘܗܟܘܬ ܐܦ
ܕܬܪ̈ܬܝܢ܂ ܘܕܬܠܬ. ‎solo‏ ܟܪܡܐ ܒܛܘܪ̈ܐ. ‎age‏ ܛܒܐ ‎τ γον Nas‏ ܕܕܝܪܐ ܦܠܢܝܬ܂
ܡܥܝܼܬ ‎[ας‏ ܟܪ̈ܡܐ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܒܓܘ ܫܢܬܐ ܕܚܡܫ ‎«Mes οἱ‏ ܗܘܼܐ ܚܡܪܐ܂ ܕܠܐ

the unbounded amount of snow that covered them, went down to the
neighbourhood of a certain hanlet that was situated among these same
mountains, and made a cell for himself, and there he used to pass the winter.
But after five years during whieh he had lived iu this manner, busying himself
about providing for the poor, his monastery was brought to iudigenee; aud,
when he knew that it lad been plundered more than ten times, and no longer
contained provision for the needy as before, and the blessed man was
grieved and distressed on account of the starving aud distressed persons
for whom there was no method of providing, and further ilie inmates of his
monastery also were pressed by want, then he consilered « There is no
longer auy quarter from which it is possible for me to provide for my brethren,
except that the blessed men should eome and make a vineyard in these
mountains, and it will be a provision for them and for the needv ». And this
he did not delay to earry out; but when they came to him he spoke to
them, and tliis suggestion pleased them. And they brought men and dug:
and there in the first year they put im aliout twenty tlhiousand !, and a like
number also in the second, and the third; and tlie vineyard reached ἃ great
size on the mountains. And the news went out everywhere « Such-and-such
a monastery has covered the mountaius with vineyards »; aud hence within
live or six yenrs so mucli wine was produced that they could not find vessels

l, Se, vines.
PATH. OR. — T. XVII. — F. |. , τω

"abr b.
