ASI] LIVES OF MARY AND EUPHEMIA. 181
Jo ec», ‏ܕܡܐ‎ Je ra) ‏ܘܡܥܩܢ̈ܢ‎ ass; ‏ܡܠܬܬܩܠܢ‎

ܡܬܛܦܝܣܐ ܗܘܬ ܐܦ ܠܐ ܠܡܥܨܒܘ ܐܢܘܢ. ܟܕ ‎age‏ ܟܠ ܐܢܫ ܚ .ܐܫ ܗܘܐ ܥܠܝܗ̇
ܕܐܝܟܢ ܚܙܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗܿ. ‎τὴν So‏ ܓܚܪ ‎JA m UN EY‏ ܐܡܪܝܢ ܗܘܚܢ ‎oM C‏
ܟܕ ܡܦܨܚܝܢܢ ‎MN‏ ܕܠܐ ܐܩܛܠܝܢ ܢܦܫܟܝ ‎Liso‏ ܩܫܝܐܝܬ ‎“οι JA.)‏
ܕܝܢ ܐܡܿܪܐ ܗܘܬ. ܕܡܕܡ ‎Eole loi "odia‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ܂. ܡܛܠ ܡܢܐ ܡܚܣܟܝܢ
ܚܝܢܢ ‎οἷν.‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܪܗܝܬܛܐ ܗܘܬ ܒܦܘܠܝܝܢܗܿ.. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܙܥܘܪ ܗܘ ܦܘܡܐ ‎Lis‏ ܥܠ
ܥܡܠܠܗ̇ ܪܒܐ . ܐܝܟܢܐ ܓܝܪ ‎a eh‏ ܡܪܝܡ ܒܬܠܐ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ: ܒܝܕܘܒܝܪ̈ܐ
‎sx‏ ܕܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ ‎[iso‏ ܘܕܡܣܪܩܘܬܐ ܢܨܚܐ ܗܘܐ ܂. ܗܟܝܢܐ ܐܟܦ ܗܕܐ ܒܐܡܕ
ܡܕܝܢܬܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܛܒܕܗܝܢ ‎oa SA Jas‏ ܡܕܢܚܐ ܡܬܡܿܠܠ ‎Jou‏ ܟܕ
ܕܘܡܪܐ ܐܚܕ ܗܘܐ ܠܟܠ ‎hod,‏ ܟܠ ܚܕܐ ܡܚ ܗܝܢ.. ܒܚܕ ܕܘܒܪܐ ܕܠܐ
‎june‏ ܚܠܝܨܐܝܬ ܪܗܝܛܐ ܗܘܬ ܕܬܝܚܡܘܠ ܙܕܝܩܘܬܐ. ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܙܒܢܐ -

ܝܬܝܪ ‎ἕο.»‏ ܬܠܝܬܝܢ ‎ὃν‏ ܠܛܘܒܢܚܬܐ ‎CAN Ds‏ ܒܝܕܘܒܝܪ̈ܐ ‎y‏ ܗܠܝܢ:
ܘܒܝܬܗܿ ܒܠܠܝܐ ܘܒܐܝܡܡܐ ܪܥܡ ܗܘܐ ܒܬܫܒ̈ܚܬܐ ‎ΤΣ‏ ܕܡܢ ܟܘܠ ܦܢ̈ܝܢ..

1, A ‏ܡܬܩܝܠܢ‎ . — 2, E ‏ܐ ܘܡܬܠܦܪ̈ܢ‎ — 3, A sing. — 4. E "eios

blood flowing [τοι her wounds, and she would not consent even to treat them,
while everyone was very sorry for her on account of the state in which they
saw her: for indeed we ourselves too would often jest with her aud say to her,
« Do not kill yourself in so cruel ἃ way, Tabitha »; but she woull say :
« When the end ol a thing is corruption and the worm, wlierefore do we
preserve it? « ' And she was so energetic in her task that the mouth is too
small to tell the story of her great labour; for, just as her sister Mary in the
city of Thella was celebrated for her perfeet practices of ascetieisin. and
quietude and renuntiation, so was this woman also in the city of Amida; so
that the fame of these sisters was spokeu all over the East, everyone being
wrapt in wonder to think how cach of them in one peerless mode of life was
strenuously applyiug herself to store up righteousness. When then the
blessed woman had completed a period ofthirty years more or less in such
practices, aud her house thundered night and day with the praises of the

1, This must have been while John was living in Amida, i. e., between 530 and 537 (see Introd),
and the story is with his usual carelessnoss misplaced, lor the monks were not in exile at that time,
and le persecution mentioned must appy. be that of 537,

* Are a.

*ESS v.
