[173] LIVES OF MARY AND EUPIIEMIA 173

ܘܐܙܠܐ ‎[βαλῶ‏ ܗܘܬ ܠܗ ܡܫܟܢܐ.. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎fours có!‏ ܡܢܝܚܐ ‎Jeo‏ ܟܕ ‎Lpe Ji‏
ܗܘܐ ܕܢܗܘܐ ܡܝܣܝܟܢܝܐ ܟܪܝܗܐ ܡܢ ܗܠܝܢ 9« ° ‎Logs‏ ܘܢܦܠܛܗ̇ ܕܠܐ
ܬܣܥܪܝܘܗܝ. ‎sl οἱ‏ ܐܘ ܚܕܐ ܙܒܢܬܐ ‎Hans‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܡܕܐ ܗܘܬ ‎dos,‏ ܟܠܗ
ܝܘܡܐ. ܡܬܟܪܟܐ ܗܘܬ ܕܝܢ ‎Mrs‏ ܘܡܫܐܠܐ܂. ܕܕܠܡܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܪܟܐ! ܝܬܡܐ ܨܪܝܟܐ: ܐܘ
ܡܣܟܢܬܐ ܣܒܬܐ! ܐܪܡܠܬܐ ܕܟܪܝܗܐ.. ° ܘܗܟܢܐ ܟܘܠ ܕܡܫܟܚܐ ܗܘܬ ܕܟܪܝܗ.
ܐܝܟ ܡܕܡ ܕܫܟܝܚ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܙܒܢܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܗ. ܠܚܡܐ ‎Jenae:‏ ܘܐܲܒܝܼܐ܂ ܘܚܡܪܐ
‎oes‏ ܕܝܕܥܐ ܗܘܐ ‎Nés‏ ܘܡܬܟܪܟܐ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܦܠܓܐ ܠܗܘܢ. ܘܐܢ ‎Lido SEX‏ ܗܘܐ
ܒܐܝ̈ܕܝܗܿ ܕܬܢܝܚܫܝܘܗܝ ‎οὐ‏ ܡܿܢ ܕܗܼܘ ܐܝܟ ܕܘܿܠܐ܂. ܩܠܝܠ ܡܢ ܣܓܝ ܠܝܬ ܗܘܐ
ܦܘܪܣܐ. ܕܐܘ ܚܙܘܪ̈ܐ ‎o]‏ ܪ̈ܘܡܢܐ ܐܘ ܢܘ̈ܢܐ ܐܘ ‎«ρα.‏ ܡܢ ܘܠܦܪܘܣ ܕܠܐ ܬܘܒܠ
‎"joo «llo a‏ ܠܘܬܗ ܘܬܠܕܒܟܝܘܗܝ ܒܐܝܕܗ. ܘܐܫܐܠܚܝܘܗܝ ‎Fa‏ ܘܠܟ
‎pow‏ ܡܪܬܝܐ ܘܐܡܿܪܐ܂. ܕܠܐ ܠܡ ܬܬܩܛܦܐ ܠܟܘܢ ܕܐܠܝܨܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎Lo‏
‏ܠܟܘܢ ܒܘܝܐܐ. ܛܘܒܝܟܘܢ ܟܡܐ )158 ܕܠܐ ‎«MS‏ ܡܿܛܫܒܝܢ ܠܟܘܢ ܒܗܽܘ ‎“RSS‏

n

ܚܠܦ ܗܠܝܢ ܐܘ̈ܠܨܢܐ ‎spa‏ ܥܠܫܟܘܢ. ܚܘܪܘܢ ܒܠܥܙܪ. ܕܡܛܘܠ ‎«θά‏

1. E lois. — 2, Erasure A. - - 3, E am. — 4, A tels (27 ins, in later hand), — 3, E Sol.
— 6. E «c» evaxesllo. sels. — 7, E Sall.

satisfy that indigent man; and there could not be any sick poor man among
those lying in the streets who escaped her so that she did not visit him either
twice or once in the day, inasmueli as she was capable of ranning about all
day. But she would go round the courts of the houses and ask, ` there
here a needy orphan, or ἃ poor old sick widow? ». And κο in the case of
everyone whom she found sick, according to the exteut of her possessions she
would buy for him, fiue wheaten bread and frnit, and wine for anyone for
whom she knew it tu be proper, and would wo round and distribute it to
heu. — And, if it happened that she had not by her wherewithal to satisfy
auy man whoever he might be as was proper, nothing whatever would prevent
her from at least hringing him apples or pomegranates or fish οὐ bread, and
sitting by him and taking him by the hand, and asking him « What has
afllicted you, my son ? », admonishing aud saying, « De not dejected because
youare in distress and have no consolation. — Blessed are vou for the number
of unendiug blessings that are prepared for you iu that world, in return for
these distresses which are passiug by upon vou.  Lcok at Lazarus, how
because he endured aud was patient and did not murmur he inherited the

ΣΕ τε νο
