* A 0v? b.

‎JOIN OF EPTESUS. [108]‏ 168
‎ol Jos Lal. loot‏ ܘܐܘܒ ܡܬܟܪܟܐ ‎JS pes‏ ܬܠܬ ‎ent‏ ܟܢ ‎Uy‏ ܠܒܝܬܐ
‎Hs‏ ܗܘܬ ‎es]‏ ܘܠܐ ܥܡ ܒܢܫ̈ܢܢܐ ܡܡܠܠ ܗܘܬ. ܗܠܐ ܠܝܒܪ ܡܢ ‎JA Ημ‏
ܗܘܬ ܂. ܘܠܐ ܬܘܒ ܡܕܡ ‎lon fas Janus‏ ܐܠܐ ܝܬܒܬܐ ‎on‏ ܒܝܬܐ ܡܣ̈ܟܢܐ
ܘܒܝܬܐ ܠܚܘܬܗܘܢ. 1 ܒܥܕܬܐ܂ ܘܟܠ ܐܝܟܐ ܕܗܼܘ. ‎NO‏ ܓܕܦ ܘܐܬ ܐ ܐܢܝܫ ܘܝܗܼܒܣ
‎να‏ ܕܡܣܬܩܒܠܐ ܗܘܐ ‎(Jo aao Al το‏ ܐܬܡܿܠܚ ܠܗ̇
‎«ων‏ ܡܡܢܝܢ.. ‎«eh‏ ܠܐ ܡܩܒܬܐ ܗܘܬ ܡܕܡ ܐܚܪܝܢ. ‎LN, Mo‏ ܥܠ ‎res‏
‏ܬܣܒ ܗܘܬ . ܠܐܚܪܢܐ' ܝ ܗܒܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܗܝܢ. ‎Laos‏ ܕܝܢ ‎«WR»‏ ܙܒܢܐ ܗܘܬ
ܠܚܡܐ ‎μολδ ρα‏ ܡܢܝܢ.. ‎hs βμαοο‏ ܘܙܪ̈ܥܝܘܢܝܐ ܒܬܠܬܐܼ. ܘܗܟܢܐ
ܐܡܬܝ ‎Nsokmses‏ ܡܣܬܝܒܪܐ ܗܘܬ. ܐܸܢ ܕܝܢ ‎Joa SE‏ ܘܠܐ ‎JL!‏ ܗܘܐ ܐܢܝܫ
ܠܐܝܟܐ ܕܡܣܬܩܒܐܐܼ ‎Jon‏ - ܝܬܒܐ ܗܘܬ ܙܘܟܢܐ܂. ܘܬܐܠܬܐ ܘܐܪܒܥܐ ܝܘ̈ܡܝܢ: ܘܥܒ ܕܡܐ
ܠܚܦܒܬܐ ,5 ‎loa‏ ܟܕ ܫܬܝܩܐ.. ‎GR Luso‏ ܒܫܡܚܐܿ. ܐܝܟ ܕܒܝܣܝܘܓܐܐ
ܕܝܢ ‎λογο ὀμδίανο‏ ܔܔܓܘܥܬܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܝܬܒܐ ‎ALES «Mo‏ ܘܚܝܪܐ

‎1. $ om. — 0 Point above in E. — 3. Erasure follows in A — ^. E pl.

‎alone. And from that time she used to sit there in the temple, and again
she continued. going round and praying for three vears, Without entering
anvone's house or speaking with humau beings. And she did not sleep
outside the church, or yet ask nything from human beings; but she would sit
among the poor and pass the night with them, in the church and wherever
it might 06 And, if it chauced that anvone came and. gave charity in the
plaee where she happened to be, she would stretch out her hand and receive
it; and, if the sum received by her reached. (wenty minae, she wonld not
allerwards accept anything more; and, if she received more than twenty
minae, she would give them to someone else; but with these twenty. she
would buy bread for fifteen minae, and herbs for wo, and pulse for three; and
50 wlheuever il happened to be she would take her food. But, if it chanced
that no one eame to. the place where she happened to he, she would sit in
the sune way, and for three and four days, and as much as a week she
would sit silent, with her mind wrapt up in heaven.  Usually her seat was
in front of. Golwotha, while she sat with her eves raised, and looking

‎lode omn dre ede this with Che statement above Dial slie never passed a nigbl outside the church.
