τα} Γον).

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. 1981‏ 198
‎hrs‏ ܫܐܠ ܐܦ ܗܼܘ ‏ ܕܠܒܪ ܠܘܬܗ ܒܕܝܪܐ ‎Ja.‏ !. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎CEN EE‏
ܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ܂. ܡܛܠ ‎eae;‏ ܐܦܝ̈ܗܘܢ ܢܝ ܘܝܐܝܬ ܠܡܼܝܗܦܟ ܠ ܡܕܒܪܐ. ܘܗܼܘܘ
ܡܬܥܘܟܝܢ ‎is ο.‏ ܟܕ ܐܦ ܐܠܘ ܓܡܝܪܐܝܬ ܐܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ ܚܘ̈ܫܒܝܗܘܢ
ܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ܂. ܐ ܦܣܕܩܬ ܗܘܬ 6 ? ܕܠܓܡܪ ܢܦܘ̣ܟܘܼܢ ܠܗܘܢ. ܗܼܢܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ..
ܫܘܝܐܝܬ ܡܟܝܠ ܥܡ ܙܘܛܐ ܡܒܥܡܫܢܐ ‎μοὶ‏ ܕܐܼܦ ‎où‏ ܕܝܠܗ ‎sens‏ ܡܪܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
ܗܘܐ ‎fl mano‏ ܣܡ ܐܦ ܗܼܘ ° ܢܦܫܗ ܥܡ ܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ ܠܡܘܬܐ܂ ܘܠܚ̈ܝܐ.
ܐܝܢܐ ܕܐܦ ‎iol] oa‏ ܠܝܕܘ̈ܠܘܗܝ ܒܝܕ ܕܘܒܪ̈ܘܗܝ ‎Jus,‏ ܟܕ ‎Labo J eq‏
ܗܘܬ ܥܠ ‎Jn‏ ܕܡܘܒܠܐ ܪܒܬܐ ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ' ‎où‏ ܠܓܡܪ ܥܠ ܩܕܠܝܗ ‎»Εο‏
‎ooo .Joo‏ ܡܟܝܠ ‎oi‏ ܒܚܕ ‎Ji‏ ܕܡܝܬܪܘܬܐ. ܟܕ ܚܙܬܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ
ܬܐܘܡܐ: ‎«oo‏ ܐܝܕܐ ܓܐܝܘܬܐ ܘܡܢ ܐܝܕܐ ܪܒܘܬܐ ܠܐܝܢܐ ܡܘܟܟܐ ܐܬܐ܂. ‎"ar NaN‏

‏ܡܬܗܪܐ ܗܘܬ ܘܡܝܼܬܘܝܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܣܓܺܝܐܐ ܒܗ ܠܟܠ ܡܕܡ ‎———À‏ ܗܘܘܼ ܘܒܧܣܛܝܝܢ܀ ‎ας‏

‏ܙܒܢܐ ‎μοῦ‏ ܗܟܝܠ7 ܕܬܪ̈ܬܝܝܢ ‎v‏ ܗܘܼܐ ܠܗ.. ܟܕ ‎Mes Las‏ ܒܝܬ ܠܗ

‎1. ‏ܕܠܘܬܗ ܒܕܝܪܐ ܢܗܘܐ ܐܐ‎ — 2. ἢ ‏,ܣܝ̈ܦܩܐ ܗܘܬܠܗ‎ — 3, D lobe. — 4 D 1885 ‏ܕܕܝܙܝܘܐ|‎ . — 5, p 18890. —
6. Ἡ ins, f 7, D μοι Ἓ 99

‎asked to lodge outside in Ihr monastery. And thus they did, while both
of them were detained, because they intended io return lo the desert
together, And they. were delayed for two years; though, if their thoughts
hail not been completely set npou God, it would have heen decided that they
should remain for good, The blessed men theneeforward togetlier with Zw
thé deaeou, who also was ἃ clergyman (κληρικός) o£ the eliurcehi under tlie same
holy Mare', himself also devoted himself to death or life with the blessed
men, who himself also astonislied those who know him by the manner of life
which lie finally adopted, while il would never have entered any one's mind
that that man wonld ever place upon his neck the great yoke of monasticisin.
And the three of them thencelorth lived witli one virtnous purpose, while to
sec to what hmmiliation the hlessed Thomas had come from what splendour
and greatuess astonished and saddened everyone ; and so many 11800 to spurn
and despise everything in him.

‎Vhis space of vo years then he oceupied in making an equal division

‎"seen himself and his sister, saying. « She is in the world, and needs her

‎(pee dis finished ina ditlerent way.

