"AMT S.

*Blosra.

194 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [194]

‎«as‏ ܐܢܐ ‎o5‏ ܘܐܫܟܚ ‎OX.‏ ܕܢܦܫܝ ‎oon veh JNuoy‏ 2 ܓܝܪ
ܒܛܝܝܠܘܬܐ ܕܚܚ̈ܝܐ܂. ܐܢܐ ܥܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܡܬܚܚ̈ܒܠܝܢܐ ܕܦܓܪܐ ܗܢܐ ܥܦܪܢܐ ‎ass‏
‏ܘܗܐ ܥܼܒܪܘ ܚܚ̈ܝܐ ܘܩܝܼܪܒ ܡܘܬܐ܂. ‎Janis dese‏ ܘܐܕܪܟ ‎Jar‏ ܘܡܢܐ ܐܥܒܕ ‎Url‏
‏ܘܝ ܠܝ ܘܝ ܠܝ ‎JLONS‏ ܐܟܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܟܝ ܗܘܢܝ ܚܫܘܟܐ܆. ܕܠܐ ‎Joa Eus‏
ܒܗܠܝܢ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܝܘܡܢܐ. ܟܠ ܐܡܬܝ ܥܡ ‎Jj‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܢ: ‎«el‏ ܗܘܘ ܠܝܚ
ܗܠܝܢ ܛܘܒ̈ܢܐ܂. ܠܩܠܐ ܕܚܚ̈ܢܓܬܗ ‎oran so‏ ܘܐܒܠܗ ° ܕܥܠ ‎ous‏ ܐܦ ܠܢ
3:220[ ܗܘܐ. ܘܟܕ ܗܘܼܐ ܒܓܘܒܐ ‎bus où‏ ܢܬ. ܡܛܠ ܕܥܥܕܢ ܗܘܐ ‎Load‏
‏ܢܣܚܘܢܐ ܕܡܚܝܠܘܬܐ ܕܦܓܪܐ ܘܕܢܘܛܝܐ'. ‎Sue‏ ܡܛܠ ܩܫܝܘܬ ܥܡ̈ܠܐ ܕܣܝܼܡ
ܥܠ ‎es‏ ܒܥܨܝܢܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܐܣܩܘܗܝ ܡܢܗ. ܘܡܢ ܒܬܐ ܙܒܢܐ ‎paca;‏ ܬܡܢܐ..
ܩܕܝܫܐ ”ܐܦܝܚܣܩܦܐ ܡܪܐ .. ܡܢ ܦܓܪܐ ‎Pure‏ ܒܗ̇ ܒܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܐܚܘ̈ܐܗ
ܡ̈ܫܡܫܢܝܬܐ ܬܪ̈ܬܝܢ: ܐܝܠܝܢ )9 ܗ̈ܢܹܝܢ ‎Mal»‏ ܩܕ̈ܝܥܝܐ' ܒܥܪܪܐ ‎Mass pus‏
ܕܕܘܟܝܪ̈ܝܗܝܢ'.. ܬܡܢ ܗ̈ܘܝ ܒܝܗ̇ ܒܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ. ܘܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܥܝܘܢܕܢܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ

‎1. 1 ‏]ܐܛܥܐ‎ bb — 2 D ‏ܚܐܓܐ‎ ons — ‏ܐܐ ,ܐ‎ om, — € di ‏ܡܢ ;1 ,5 — .ܘܕܢܛܝܠܘܬܐ‎ io ‏ܐܦܣܩܘܦܐ ܡܪܐ‎
JS. — ‏,ܙ‎ B ins. «exl. — τὶ B gowisos Lass,

‎may find the life of my wretelied soul which was lost, ΑΙ tlie carefulness of
life 1 for my part expended on these corruptible concerns of this body of
dust; and life has passed away and death has come near, and corruption is
at hand, and judgment has overtaken me. And what shall I do, my brethiren?
Woe to me woe to me, the erring one. Where, prav, was my darkened
mind, that it did not think of these things till to-day ο). As often as he saw us »
ithexe hlessed men used to say to me), « by reason of the sound of his sobs
and his weeping and mouruing for his soul he would niake ns also weep ».
When he had been in that pit six years, because attacks of bodily infirmity
;)11)1 the influence of damp (νοτίσ) had greatly allected him, and he had beeome
iulirm by reuson of the severity ol the labours whieb he lad laid upon
himself, they with great force lifted him out of 1, After a. space of eight
years the holy bishop Mare departed from the body in Alexandria’, while
his two sisters? also who were deaconesses were there in Alexandria, women
who are tliemselves also in trutli among the saints by reason of the greatness
of their mode of life. And, after the decease of the blessed bishop Mare”,

‎UO scarsattor his deprivalion is ineant, He date is probably 329. 1n Ihis case. as Th, was in tlie

‎pis Ne removal lo Egypt was not later than - 2. Cf, Zach. 0 vit, £ — ὃν In B the
uat sov nl ροκ see p. 187, n. 1,

