‎LIVES OF MARY AND EUPHEMIA. 177‏ ]1177
ܓܒܺܝܢ ܕܢܫܪ̈ܝܢ ܘܢ̈ܬܬܢܝܚܢ ܒܗ. ܗܟܢܐ ܐܦ ܗܼܝ 22[ ܘܡܛܪ̈ܦܐ ܕܡܢ ܟܠ
ܕܘܡ ܡܩܟܠܐ ܗܘܬ ܘܡܢܝܚܐ. ܘܡܛܠ .}5 ܠܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܠܥܘܡܪ̈ܐ ܠܡܥܠ
ܡܢ ܗܪ̈ܛܝܩܘܐ. ܐܝܟ ܕܠܘܬ ܐܢܬܬܐ ܢܟܦܬܐ ܘܡܿܡܫܡܗܬ ܒܕܘܒܪ̈ܐ܂. ܡܬܥܨܝܢ ‎goo‏
‏1 ܕܠܘܬܗ̇ ܢܒܘܬܘܢ. ‎Mc μοῦ‏ ܐܬܦܪܣܬ܂ ܘܐܓܪܬ ܠܗ ܒܬܬܐ ‎Jes‏ ܟܕ ܠܚܕ ܕܠܚܡ
‎δύο Joo « £ τὸ v.‏ ܘܪܒ ‎lex‏ ܒܕܡܘܬܐ ‎No‏ ܣܗ̈ܕܐ. ° ܒܨ̈ܠܡܐ ܘܒܕܘܪ̈ܬܐ܂ ܘܒܦܘܪ̈ܕܣܩܐ
ܘܒܟܠ ܡܕܡ . ܟܕ ܐܦ ܩܘܪܒܢܐ ‎Jskso‏ ܘܟܠ ܡܕܡ ‎uns Jin‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܗ. ‎So‏
‏ܣܪ̈ܝܓܬܐ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܬܐ܂ ‎Rs‏ ܘܝܕ̈ܝܥܬܐ ܘܬܦܝ̈ܘܝܬܐ. ‎oo‏ ܘܠܒܪܬܗܽ܂. ܬܩܢܬ ‎books‏
‏ܚܕ ‎μας.‏ ܟܕ ܗܼܝ ܐܝܟ ‎cS s Was sonne‏ ܘܕܝܗ ‎TL‏ ܗܘܬ ‎dans‏
‏ܠܬܫܡܝܬܐ ܥܡܕ ‎«βὰς‏ ܘܠܒܪܬܗ̇ ܡܛܠ ܕܛܠܝܐ ܗܘܐ . ܒܙܗܝܪܘܬܐ ‎JM‏ ܗܘܐ
ܠܓܘ ‎Βα} οἱ su) kis [ol Less Eas 50 bass. ET‏ ܡܢ ܐܢܫ
‎Lo‏ ܒܚܐܬܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܢ ܗܝܕܝܢ ܒܝܬ ܣܗ̈ܕܐ ‎ip où‏ ܡܢ ‎οἱ Ίνα»‏
ܚܡܫܬܥܣܪ ܘܥܕܡܐ ܠܥܣܪܝܢ ܠܐ ܒܐܬ ‎Jee‏ ܟܕ ܡܟܝܠ ‎Jl» où‏ ܕܐܝ̈ܕܝܗܝܢ

‎| E ‏ܗܕ݁ܺܝܛܝܦܘ‎ — 2. À erm (sie). — 3. E Ro. — 4, E ‏ܝܗܟܬ‎ — 5. À ILabdis.

‎sides that they may lie to and be at peace in it, so herself also reccived and
relieved the persecuted aud afflicted from every plaee; and, because there was
no place for the convents to enter away from the hereties, they were
constrained to find quarters with her as with a devout woman renowned for
her manuer oflife. Butshe found means, aud hired spacious rooms; and one
which was suited and adapted for the purpose and of great size she turned
into an imitation o a martyrs’ chapel, with likenesses and pictures, and
chests', and. everything, while the oblation also and the Seriptures and
everything that is proper to a monastery were in it; and she prepared great
mats also, and eurtains and rugs. And for herself and hor daughter she
made provision in a certain inner chamber; and being à very wise woman
she alone devoted herself to ministration with the blessed men, and her
daughter, because she was a child, she would keep in security within +
day and? by night, lest by the sight of her she should harm anyone, or be
herself harmed by anyone through the sight. — Aud so [rom that time that
martyrs” chapel harboured not fewer than ten or fifteen, and as many as
twenty, whilo with the labour of their hands which they disposed of outside

‎1. Either for relies or for the sacred vessels, — 2, A m.
PATR. OH. — T. XVIL — F. 1.
