“ἀπ γ a.

140 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [140]

ܘܙܟܘܬܐ ܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܟܠ ܐܝܟܐ ܕܡܝ̣ܩܪܒ ܗܘܐ ܝܗܝܒܐ ‎Lou‏ ܠܗ. $2156 ܦܘܡܐ
ܠܟܠܝܗܘܢ ܗܪ̈ܣܝܘܛܐ ‎PES‏ ܗܘܐ.. ܥܕܡܐ ܠܐܝܟܐ ܕܙܒܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܙ̈ܝܫܢܝܝܗܘܢ ‎οἱ‏
‏ܡ̈ܠܦܢܝܗܘܢ.. ܠܡܦܬܚ ܦܘܡܗܘܢ ܘܠܡܿܡܠܠܘ 1-9[ ܕܫܡܝܥ ܛܒܝܗ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ
ܗܘܐ. ܡܛܠ ܕܒܐܬܪܐ ‎fais‏ ܥܠ ܡܗ̈ܝ̈ܡܢܐ ܕܒܗ ܡܬܬܥܝܪ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ܢܣܛܘܪ̈ܝܢܐ..
ܚܡܫܐ ‎Jes οἱ‏ ܡ̈ܣܝܘܢܝܢ ‎anni ° RI‏ ܗܘܐ .. ܐܝܟ ‎où‏ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܡܛܝܒ ܗܘܐ
‎Ih où les‏ ܓܝܣܝܐ ܗܘܬ ‎so‏ ܒܥܔܓܠ ܬܡܢ ܢܘܬܥ ܗܘܐ ‎maso‏
‏ܟܕ ܡܢ ‎oi lolo‏ ܘܚܪܝܦܘܬ ܕܒܝܢܗ.. ܠܐ ܦܠܐ ܗܘܐ ‎Noo‏ 15 ܚܕ. ܟܕ
ܐܸܡܿܪܢ. ܕܠܐ ܙܪܩ ܠܝ ܕ ܐܬܒ ‎sb lo‏ ܟܕ ܝܕܥ ܐܢܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܥܪ̈ܒܘܗܝ ܕܡܫܝܚܐ
‎Aus Lin‏ ܕܐܲܒܝ̈ܐ ܣܕ̈ܘܚܐ ‎spNGGuee‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܠܐ ܚܝܣܝܢ ‎ads‏
‏ܘܠܝܡܿܡܒܣܟܣܘ ܐܸܢܘܢ. ܘܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܚܦܝܛ ܗܘܐ ܘܢܚܦܝܝܩ ܒܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐܼ. ܠܝܕܡܝܐ
ܠܚܚܼܝܪܬܐ ‎cx NM Le‏ ܗܺܝ܂ ܕܙܒܢ̈ܚܝܢ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܢ ‎im‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܝܗ̇. ܐܝܟܢܐ
ܕܥܡܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܕܛܝ̈ܝܐ ‎NS‏ ܒܪܘܿܢ. ‎κ‏ ܕܟܪ̈ܝܣܛܝܢܐ ܢܥܒܕ ܠܪܘܪ̈ܒܢܐ ܕܐܬܬܠܡܕܘ
ܠܡܠܬܗ ܕܢܝܼܒܥܘܢ ܒܪܘܿ. ܘܬܘܒ ܡܿܫܢܐ ܗܘܐ ‎uso‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܬܪܥܐ ‎es‏ ܕܡܠܟܘܬܐ.

amd eeaselessly contending; and wherever he came vietory was given liim
hy God, and lie was mado a closer of the mouth to all hereties (αἱρεσιῶται),
until their ehiefs or duetors dreaded to open their mouth and speak in a
distriel in which his presence had been reported; because in a distriet in
wlieh a debate was being originated by the Nestorians against the belie-
vers who were in it, if he were five or ten days’ jonrney (μανσίων) away,
as M God had made him ready and as if the earth had vomited him up,
he would suddenly spring up and be present there', since from the
greatness of his zeal and the fervour of his will he did not rest aud sit still
in one district, saving. « 1 must not sit still and rest, when 1 know that
Christ's sheep are being seattered among ravening and dostruetive wolves,
who will uot spare to destroy them and tear them in pieces®». — And for this
reason he was sedulous in going out among the countries, as far as the
camp * of the Saracens of the tribe of Nu‘man, which he often visited; so
that he gained à large number of Saraeens in it, and he induced the magnates
who were eonverted. by his words to build à Christian ehureh in it, And
ain he would depart and go down to the very gate of tlie kingdom ', and

ο 2 Aet Xx, 29. — 3. < | CHirtha qd Nutiuun; = Arab. SAL Hira^; seo p.165. — 4. Sc.
‏ܐ‎ § `
