(1571 LIFE OF SIMEON ΤΗΕ DBISIHOP. 157

ܡܨ̈ܥܝܐ. ܘܩܡ ܒܪܗ ܒܬܪܗ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ‎μα Lio‏ ܗܘܐ ܒ ܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ‎αν‏
‏ܘܐܬܥ̱ܒܪܬ ܕܒܘܬܐ ܡܢ ܗܝ ‎μας νοῦ‏ ܬܬܚܙܐ. ܠܟܠܗܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܕܒܐܬܪܐ ܕܦܪ̈ܣܝܐ
‎sas Nell‏ ܝܘܠܦܢܐ ‎Lans où‏ ܕܢܣܛܘܪܝܘܣ ܬ݁ܡܶܝܢ ܟܗܝܢ.. ܟܕ ‎CS‏

ܡܢܗ ܟܠ ‎valeo dS‏ ܘܠ ܫܥ̈ܝܢ. ܘܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܬܘܒ ‎ous‏ ܣܟܐ ܗܢܐ ܙܗܝܐ 1
‎a so‏ ܗܘܐ. ܒܝܗ ܗܟܝܠ ܒܛܝܼܢܢܐ ܗܢܐ + ܩܝܪܬܗܐ ܗܘܬ ܥܠܬܐ ‎sacs;‏ ܗܘܐ |
ܠܘܬ ܡܿܠܟܬܐ ‎όμσο μας + Luscooÿs‏ ܟ̈ܬܝܒܬܐ ܠܘܬ ‎ho:‏ ܕܡܶܡܠܟܬܐ ‎μοῦ‏
‏° ܡܛܠ ܣܘܥܝܕ̈ܢܐ ܕܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ. ܘܕܐܸܢ ‎Loc Lys‏ .+ ܠܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ܕܪܗܘܡܐ ܢ ܣܩ ܗܘܐ
ܒܗ ܒܬܛܚܼܢܐ. ‎hope Asso‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܐܼܦ ‎L3; Mr‏ ܡܨܦܣܐ ܗܘܐ
‎ak so out so oda diss‏ ܬܡܢ ‎de Jia; μ5)‏ ܟܕ ܒܐܝܝܩܝܪܐ ܪܒܐ
ܐܚܝ ܕܐ ‎loo‏ ܠܗ. ܘܚܝܼܙܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܠܥܡܠܗ ‎dart‏ ܘܕܣܐܒ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܘܕܩܪ ‎Qd‏
‏ܘܦܨܩܕ ‎le osos‏ ܬܡܝܢ.. ܒܩܪܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܝܠܝܢ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎μοὶ oio)‏ ܕܐܦ ‎où‏

ܢܟܦܐ ܕܡܝܬܪܐ.. ܕܬܡܗ ܗܘܐ ‎MAR + maas‏ ܒܕܘܘܬܐ ‎Lusasos‏ ܘܦܛܪܝܘܝܘܣ

Io Laos oS ο αν ‏ܥܕܢ‎ Vas ‏ܟܕ‎ + Jon $303 ‏ܬܪ̈ܬܝܢ‎ Luïs ‏ܦܪܒܘܣ‎

1. Ms, Lio. — 2, Ms, Do.

him; and he proceeded to stir up war in the territories of the Romans ', and
his appearance before the authorities was not carried out. But it became
known to all men living in the country of ihe Persiaus that the evil doetriue of
Nestorius flourished there only, while all peoples and tongues abhorred it;
and this glorious old man was yet more emboldened against them. In this
same zeal then some oecasion ealled him to go up to the queen of tlie Romans,
to ask her for a letter to the chief queen of the Persians about tlie. affairs of
the believers, and, if it were possible, to go up in the same zeal to the terri-
tories of Rome, And she gladly consented, because she had in fact been
well acquainted with his earnestness and his zeal for some tino; and she
detained him there for the space of one year, holding him iu. great honour.
And. God saw the saïnl's labour, and that he had grown old ‏ܙܐܙ;‎ very (eehle,
and his signal gave command and he fell asleep there, in our presence; so
that his presbyter who himself also was devout and virtuous, whose name
was Paul, lived with us in the domicile of the glorious patrician Probus for
two vears?, while at all seasons we meditated together upon the eloquenee

1. Not till 538, HHis first act was to inake peace (332; Chr, Edess., A. 7. 833; Zach Bh, 1x, Τὸν —

2. Probably 5150-542; see Introd. and Dyakonov, p. 50. Sinmeon's slay ii Couslantinople will. tien
have been 539-540.

* 38r b.
