^

rog

148 ‏ܐ‎ ( OF EPHESUS. [148]

ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ‎L'os‏ ܗܢܐ ܩܬܘܠܝܩܐ: ܡܛܠ ‎Sr!‏ ܕܐܸܢ ܬܬܚ ܦܘܡܗ ܒܫܪܒܐ ܕܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ
‎los‏ ܠܗ. ܒܩܘܛܪܓܐ ‎Ju‏ ܟܕ ‎J‏ ܚܕܪܥ ‎Lors‏ ܠܗ ܐܠܗܐ. ‎Neo‏ ܕܠܐ
ܝܕܥ܂ ܕܡܢܐ ܢܥܒܕ.. ܠܘܬ ܩܘܛܪܓܐ ‎odo‏ ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ‎où lai‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܢ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ
ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎ois "use‏ ܟܕ ‎EE‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܠܢ ‎κ᾿‏ ܘܠܘ ܕܝܠܟܘܢ. ‎A]‏ ܓܝܪ ‎Re‏
‎figa‏ ܕܗܟܢܐ ‎wl‏ ܗܠܝܢ.܂. ܠܢ ܒܛܝܠ ܥܠܝܗܝܢ. ܐܢܬܘܢ ܓܝܪ ܡܢ ܒܥܠܕܒܒܘܬܐ
‎RL};‏ ܠܟܘܢ ܠܘܬ ܚܕ̈ܕܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܐܡܪܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎MM‏ ܚܢܢ ‎ς‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܡܢܟܘܢ
‎va Ji‏ ܚܢܢ. ܗܝܕܝܢ ܬܘܕܝܬܐ ܕܩܘܒܠ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ‎Jsa es‏ ܡܢ ܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ
ܐܬܩܝܼܪܒܬ. ܟܕ ‎CEST‏ ܕܝܢܝ̣ܟܘܢܼ ‎iso] EL‏ ܪܝܫܢܐ ܠܩܬܘܠܝܩܐ. ܐܢ
ܡܕܡ ܐܚܪܝܢ ܐܝܬ ܠܟܘܢ ܕܬܐܡܪܘܢܼ ܥܠ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܟܘܢ܂ ܐܡܪܘ. ܐܡܬܪ ܠܗ ‎mas‏
‏ܩܬܘܠܝܩܐ. ܡܪܝ ܂. ܡܛܘܠ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܢ ܐܝܬ ܠܢ ܕܢܐܡܪ.. ܡܛܠ ܐܢܫ ܒܪ ܐܢܥܐ
ܕܐܟܘܬܢ. ܕܐܬܝܕܥܕ ܡܢ ‎JAN)‏ ܒܕܡܝܘܬܢ. ‎ello pil. Wejeeo‏ ܘܙܕܝܩܘܬܗ. ܪܬ
ܥܠܘܗܝ ܡܠܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ. ܘܐܟܙܢܐ ܕܡܠܟ ‎man Ja)‏ ܒܪ ܚܕܘܪ̈ܐ ܒܩܩܠܬܐ

1. Seniethiug is here deleted and © wrillen in marg.

agrees witli that of the Romans, and they eonvey. the secrets of the kingdom
to the Roman dominions ».. But this wretehed. catholieus, hecause he knew
that if he opened. his mouth on the subject of the faith he would be put to
«lame, begin to make accusation, not knowing that God would put him to
shame: and, because he did not know what to do, had recourse to accusation.

But that governor as il inspired by the grace of God answered him, saving:
e These are our ‏ܕ ܪܐܐ‎ not yours. If we learn that as a matter of fact these
Higgs are so, we will attend to them. You on account of the enmity that
von have deward one another say these things to us; hut we for
our part will nol receive these statements from vou». Then an expression
ol thanks was offered to the Magian by the lelievers, who said, « Your judg-
ment is just aud upright < Theo. governor says to the catholieus : « 1f you
have anything else to say, about. vonr faith, sav on». Babai the eatftolieus
savs to hin! : « My lord, as to our faith we have to. speak about à certain
man Hike us, who was born from à woman as we were, and upon whom the
Nord ο οσα eani down on account of his uprightness and his righteousness;

ata. jus as the king of kings might find a beggars sou in a dangleap

- no ΠΝ σία αν, Hie arenmment here advanced must be ascribed Lo Simeon; but Ελα!
[τε nonsed 59 words pul iuto their mullis ere dal 7 ‏ܐ‎ τς 2, As the verb is

write word!
