FA 46 v? a,

* 11 16

.ܢ

‎JOHN OF EPIIESUS. 1192]‏ 103
ܘܡܚܬ ܪ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܘ ‎$e‏ ܙܒܥ̈ܬܐ ܒܝܘܡܐ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܠܐܲܦܘ̈ܗܝ ‎lol‏ ܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ܡܪܩ
ܗܘܐ ‎ass‏ ܗܼܘ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܢܐ ‎J£‏ ܕܒܗܠܝܢ ° ܡܬܚܫܚ ܗܘܐ .. ܕܠܩܘܒܠܐ
ܡܟܝܠ ‎Laon‏ . ܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ ܣܡ ܒܥܦܢܗ ‎Jom μοι‏ ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܐܬܝܕܥ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ
ܢܝܙܘ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܨܒܐ ܠܡܣܥܪ. ܘܟܠ ܕܘܡܥ ‎Jon‏ ° ܐܝܟ ‎y‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܪܥܝܢܗ:
‎ωὐμ‏ ܠܡ ‎st‏ ܪܓܚܘܬܐ ‎‘Jake‏ ܒܐܥܝܐ ܕܒܡܕܒܪܐ ܚܪܒܐ ܘܫܪܘܳܝܐ ‎ask‏ ܘܟܕ ܐܦ
ܠܬܛܘܒܢܐ ‎Lo Lio!‏ ܬܪܥܝܬܐ ܕܦܘܠܚܢܐ ‎Lois‏ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ : ܘܡܛܠ ܕܡܚܝܠ

‏ܗܘܐ ܘܡܕܟܐܒ ܒܦܓܪܗ: ܒܗܠܝܢ ܡܗܡܐ ܗܘܐ ܟܕ ܐܸܡܿܪ.. ‎e‏ ܕܝܠܢ܂ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܗܕܐ
ܕܒܡܕܒܪܐ ܐ ܡܛܠ ܡܝܚܠܘܬܢ ‎Mises‏ ܐܠܐ ܐܚܝ ܢܐܨܦ ‎ama‏ ܘܢܩܢܝܼܐ ܡܕܒܪܐ
‎ESS‏ ܘܒܠܝܟܝܢ. 9.900 ܠܡܪܝܐ ‎TEENS Vas‏ ܠܢ ܛܝܒܘܬܗ. ܟܕ

‏ܕܝܢ ‎Sans‏ ܠܡܕܝܢܬܐ.. ܛܘܒܢܐ ܬܐܘܡܐ ‎wars‏ ܣܘܒܪ̈ܢܐ ‎ados‏ ܟܘܠ ܡܕܡ
‎Ris‏ : ܘܝܗܼܒ ܩܠܝܕܗ ܠܩܠܝܪܛܝܣ ܕܐܦܝܣܩܘܦܐ°' ܘܐܬܒܪܟ ܡܢܗ ܕܩܕܝܫܐ
‎Sp J 2 JS s‏ ܘܢܦܝܼܩ ܘܗܼܦܟ ܠܘ ܠܕܘܟܬܐ܂ ܘܬ ܪܕ ܠܓܘܒܐ ܗܽܘ. ‎DA CC e‏

‎Loos ὃς Bodas. — 3, Pins, ‏ܥܠܘܗܘ‎ — 1. B ‏ܘܗܝ ܓܐ ܝܘܬܐ‎ Fall — 35. Bins eA ‏ܚ‎ 6.5
‏ܡܛܠ ܡܚܝܠܘܬܢ‎ pax 7, ‏ܘܼܢܦܝܣܝܘܗܝ ;ܐ‎ , — 8, D ‏ܗܤܦܟܘܢ ܠܗܘܢ‎ — 9, D ISonuS[». — 10. D om.

‎and dainty that he used to clean his face and his hands with water more than
ten times a dav, "This saint then, who lived under these conditions, now in
opposition to these things formed the resolution of acquiring ascetie habits.
But, when his object became known, that he wished to do these things, then
everyone who heard it would as it were laugh at his purpose, saying, « 1
that delicaey and luxury wants to dwell in the waste uninhabited desert ».
And, though the blessed Stephen had the intention of doing spiritual service,
yet, because he was foeble and. siekly of body, he refrained from doing
1 things, savine, « For ourselves this is too great a thing to live iu the
desert on aceount of our feeblqness; but, my brother, let ux look aller our
soul, aud. gain à desert hy our manner of life and our heart, and always
entreat the Lord to cause his grace to shine upon us ». When they had
returned 1o the city, the blessed. Thomas provided for the eoncerns of his
ecl, doing everything in secret, and he gave his key (κλεῖδα) to the bishop's
vellarer ἱκελλαρίτης), and for some reason was blessed by the saint without his
knowing ol 1! ' ; and he departed and returned to the place, and went straight

‎1. (. 62 vitliout Mare kuowing his purpose i? .

‎———OA5———X A iil

