[1311 LIFE OF ADDAI THE CHOREPISCOPUS. 131

ܕܥܒܝܕܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܗ ‎.Limss‏ ܘܗܽܘ ‎sand,‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܼ ܡܬ݀ܘܥܕ ܗܘܐ ܠܘܬܗ. ܘܡܿܒܕܩ
ܠܗ ‎Dors‏ ܐܢܫ ܢܦܝܼܩ ܒܒܥܬܗ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܐܦ ‎LORS‏ ܘܒܩܘܪܫܐ ܠܒܕ ܗܘܐ.. ‎Hal‏
‏ܕܠܐ ܢܬ ܙܐ ܠܒܢܢ̈ܢܢܐܿ. ܐܠܐ ܦܩܝܕ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܕܟܠ ‎Ji‏ ܒܬܩܒܠ ‎Jue‏
‏ܘܢܐܙܠ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎οἱ:‏ ܙܒܢܬܐܼ ܚܕܐ ‎t flo‏ ܣܠܩܬ ‎Se Fais‏ ܠܡܚܙܝܗ
ܠܛܘܒܢܐ.. ܘܒܕܒܝܢܗܼ ‎οι, Ji‏ ܚܕܐ ܙܒܢ ܕܚܢ ܡܛܠ ‎wu‏ ܗܽܘܝܬ ܠܚܕܢ
ܨܘܒܗ.. ‎Je»‏ ܠܝ ܚܕ ܡܢ ܐܚ̈ܐ ܥܡܝܢ. ܘܒܥܕܢ ܪܡܫܐ܂ ‎Lis,‏ ܠܕܘܟܬܐ ܗ̇ܝ܂.
ܘܡܛܠ ‎Le‏ ܕܐܝ̈ܠܢܐ ‎Jo‏ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܬܡܝܢ.. ‎LOU Lis)‏ ܕܥܡܝ. ܢܬܒ
ܠܢ ܒܝܢܬ ܐܝ̈ܠܢܐ ܗܠܚܝܢ.. ܘܢܪܗܝܘܗܝ ‎ορ‏ ܨܐܒ ܘܠܒܬܟܝܢܢ ‎SOUS‏
‎venio A aoo‏ ܠܒܘܪܟܬܗ. ܘܟܕ ܚܢܢ ‎xen ok‏ ܗܐ ‎ἴσοι‏ ܐܬܐ ‎Je‏ ܕܢ̈ܓܠܘܗܝ
ܘܕܢܗܡܬܗ ‎Moa‏ ܡܢ ܛܘܪܐ. ܘܟܕ ܚܙܝܢܝܗܝ ܡܝܢ ܪܘܚܩܐ܂ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܡܬܛܢܝܢ
‎Root‏ + ܕܕܡ ܢܚܙܐ ܠܢ ܘܢܗܦܘܟ ܠܗ . ‎NX Sly μόν‏ ܘܟܕ ܐܝܟ ܕܥܠ ܦܠܓܘܬ
‎eo‏ ܡܢܢ ‎ΗΟ‏ ܟܕ ܛܒ ܠܐ ‎e‏ ܘܠܐ ‎Naso Ne‏ ܠܘܬܗ ,. ܐܝܟ ‎wir où‏
‎Joo of‏ + ܬܟܸܣ ‎ον‏ ܘܩܡ ܟܕ ܢܛܝܪ ܥܕܢܐ ‎JL‏ ܟܕ ܚܢܢ ܠܐ ‎Jo κ ο‏

1. Ms, ‏ܗܘ‎

made, and the man who attended him would meet him, and inform him in
case anyone had come out to look for him. And thus he would do even in
snow and frost, in order that he might not be seen by men; but he had given
orders that everyone who came should be received and refreshed and go;
so that in fact on one and two occasions I went up to these mountains to see
the blessed man, and | did not see lim with his consent. But on one occasion,
because 1 knew the hour of his arrival, ] took one of the brethren with me,
and at eventide we betook ourselves to that place; and, as there was a thieket
of many trees there, 1 said. to the brother who was with me : « Let us sit
down amoug these trees, aud lie in wait for the old man; since perhaps he
will come and we shall cateb him, and obtain his blessing ». And, while we
“on our part were sitting down, lo! there comes the sound of his feet and
of his breath as he was coming down from the mountain; and, when we saw
him in the distance, we kept ourselves hidden all the more, lest he should see
us and turn back; as in fact happened. When he had approached to about
half a furrow's leugth' from us, though neither the sight of us uor the
perception of our presence reached him, as if he scented the smell of
us, he checked himself and halted, waiting a long time, while we on our
side did not stand up and were not seen by him; and, as if he had 6

l. See p. 112, n. 2.

* gl b.
