‎LIFE OF SIMEON THE BISHOP. 143‏ 1437[
‎NT‏ ܘܒܐܝܙܓܕܘܬܐ ܠܘܬ ܚܕ̈ܕܐ ܡܶܥܕܙܝܢ ܗܘܘ: ܘܐܝܩܪ̈ܐ ܘܡܘܗ̈ܒܬܐ ܕܡ̈ܠܟܐ..
‎ce‏ ܡܠܟܐ ‎ena deas]‏ ܟܬܒ ܚܦܝܛܐܝܬ ‎«οι‏ ܠܘܬ ‎où‏ ܦܪܣܝܐ ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪܐ.
ܕܫܦܝܪ ܠܝܟ ܕܬܦܩܘܕ.. ‎κκ‏ ܥܠ ܐܘܚܕܢܟ܂ ܒܚܫܽܘܡܬܟ ܢܡܠܟ. ܘܒܗܕܐ ‎mate‏
‏ܐܢܬ ܠܢ ܘܡܚ ܕܐ ‎AN‏ ܟܕ ‎Laer Dei»‏ ܕܒܐܘܚܕܢܟ ܦܘܩܕܢܟ ‎μα... Jh‏
‎MS‏ ܠܗܘܢ. ܟܕ ܘܩܕ ‎ΟΜ]‏ ܕܠܐ ܗܼܢܘܢ ‎Ps‏ ܢܗܼܪܘܢ ‎pes‏ ܥܐ̈ܠܬܐ ܕܒܥܠ ܕܒܒܘܬܐ.
‎Jt‏ ܡܢ ܕܝܠܡ ܐܢܫ ܠܗܘܢ ‎δ onus)‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܗܟܩܝܠ ܕܒܐܓܪܬܗ ܕܡܿܠܟܐ
‎ja‏ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ ܠܗ ܠܩܕܝܫܐ ܫܡܥܘܢ ‎ample Jon Ki ul vA‏
‎AMA‏ ܝܗܼܒ ܗܘܐ ‎Μον‏ ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ‎Ru‏ ܗܘܐ ‎καί‏ ܟܪܒ ܗܘܐ ‎Last‏
‏ܦܝܣܬܗ ܕܡܗܝܡܢܐ ܐܢܣܛܘܣ. ܘܩܒܠ ܘܦܕܩܕ.. ܕܠܐ ܐܢܫ ܢܗܪ ܠܚܒܪܗ ܡܢ
ܟܪ̈ܣܛܛܝܢܐ . ܘܡܟܝܠ ܥܘ̈ܐܕܝܗܘܢ ܕܗܪ̈ܛܝܩܘ܂ ܡܬܒܛܠܝܢ ‎σόοι‏ ܘܓܒܐ ܕܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ܂
ܦܪܗܘܣܝܐ ‎Kaas‏ ܗܘܘ. ‎ooo‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܫܡܥܘܢ.. ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ‎ak‏ ܗܘܐ
ܥܠܚܝܗܘܢ ‎ann λοι»‏ ܘܡܫܕܬܓܪ ܒܬܛܢܢܐ ܕܕܪܫܐ ܥܠ ‎ous‏ ܘܡ̈ܠܦܢܝܗܘܢ.

‎1. Mich., who ropeats this from John, uses (p. 262) the word line /σάχρα). This he must be sup-
posed to have found in the original, but I do nol know where to insert it,

‎another‘, and royal presents and gifts, king Anastasius then wrote earnestly
to the Persian, saying : « You will do well if you order that peace shall reign
in your empire in your days; and in this matter you will gratify and please
us, if your order keeps the Christian peoples in your empire unmolested,
when you order that they shall not harm one another by reason of oceasions
of enmity. nor any of your people molest then ». These words then that
are in the king's letter together with others we have found that the holy
Simeon himself asked from him, and he gave him a copy (ἴσον) of them.
And, wlen the envoy eame down, he presented the request of the belie-
ving Anastasius to the king; and he consented and gave orders that none
of the Christians should hurt his neighbour; aud tlieneeforth. the machina-
tions of the hereties were rendered of no effect, and the party of the believers
enjoyed freedom (x»j$ssíz). | And the blessed Simeon was more incited against
the hereties, and was warmed with zeal for debating against their 05
1. Hypatius was sent on an embassy to Persia in 517 (P. § vit, p. 66D; hot an earlior occasion
seems io be here meant, for the 7 years! imprisonment 'p. 153) must have ‏.ܝ‎ some years Jater,
and S. afterwards. Lravelled for 7 years and returned in 331 (p. 156, and he was certainly al liberty
in 524 (Assem., B. O., τν p. 365; "Zach. Πλ, vir, 37. Moreover, if tie narrative is in vehronological order,
this mission to Constantinople preceded the dispute with the Nestoriaus, whiel was between 499 and

‎304 (p.147). — 2. This was perh. among the duemments which came into the author's po:
and, if so, he no doubt quotes from it.

‎sion (p. 158),
