“ar va.

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. 154]‏ 154
ܘܢܬ ܟܪܡ ܥܠ ‎Luis frais, Lis‏ . ܘܥܠ ܐܘܬܣ ܧܘܦܐ ܐܝܕܝ̈ܥܐ ‎Jassso‏ +
ܘܢܝܬܐ ܠܢ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܗܘܢ ܘܛܒ̈ܥܝܗܘܢ.. ܕܢܕܥ ܕܐܝܢܐ ܓܒܐ ܡܢܟܘܢ ° ܐܡܿܪ ܛܒܐܝܬ
ܘܣܝܓܝ ܫܪܝܪܐ ̈ ܛܘܒܢܐ ‎eur‏ ܗܢܐ ܚܦܝܛܐ ܟܕ ܠܡܠܬܐ ܗܕܐ ܫܡܼܥ. ܚܝ ܚܕܘܬܐ܂
ܪܒܬܐ. ܘܡܢ ‎ouod: Laub‏ ܕܗܘܢܐ ܣܡ ܐܲܦܘ̈ܗܝ ܥܠ ܣܘܥܪܢܐ.. ܠܐ ‎al)‏ ܠܗ
ܡܕܡ ܣܟ ܥܡܠܐ ܕܡܝܢ ‎sais‏ ܠܡܡܡܐ ‎s (Xj)‏ ܘܡܢ ܡܠܟܘ̈ܬܐ ܠܡܠܟܘ̈ܬܐ.
ܐܐ ܐܝܟ ܡܕܡ ܕܩܠܝܠ ܘܦܫܝܩ ܘܠܘ ܡܕܡ ܗܘܢ. ‎opus‏ ܠܗܕܐ ܩܒܐܠ. ܘܢܦܝܼܩ
ܡܚܝܕܐ ܕܠܐ ܬܘܚܪܬܐ ܒܬܛܥܝ̣ܢܗ. ܕܢܦܝܼܣܥ ܬܚܘ̈ܡܐ ‎Has so Jsa3834.‏ ܟܕ ܠܐ ‎osa‏
‎οἱ‏ ܣܪܕܗ ܩܢܛܛܝܐ ܕܡܕܡ. ‎Ji‏ ܕܢܘܓܪܐ ܕܡܬܚܐ ܪܒܐ ‎JS pas:‏ ܘܠܐ ‎Hoi.‏
‏ܕܐܬܪܽܘܬܐܼ ܕܡܢ ‎Jen‏ ܘܠܐ ܥܒܝܼܪ̈ܐ ܕܢܗܪ̈ܘܬܐ܂. ܘܠܐ ܡܪܕܝܬܐ ܕܐܘܪ̈ܚܬܐ ‎JM‏ ܘܕܪܒ
ܡܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ.. ܘܠܐ ܝܘܩܪܐ ܕܣܫܒܘܬܗ. ܐܠܐ ‎σοι‏ ܒܬܘܟܠܢܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܘܪܬܚܐ ‎lot‏
‎Vans ou‏ ܥܠ ܟܘܠܗܝܢ.. 2.919« ;ܕܐ ܒܟܠܗܘܢ ܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ‎Άλλου‏ ܒܗܘܢ

‎1 Ma. ins, ο init, over inarg,, apps. in same hand, — 2. Ms. om.

‎aud go round among the kings of the Cliristian peoples, and among the
chief bishops and authorities, and bring us their faith and their seals, that
we may know which party among you speaks well and shows great cor-
rectness ». But tliis earnest. blessed. man, when he heard these words,
rejoiced with great jov ; and from the ardour of his zeal, since he had tlius set
lis aee to the task, the labour of going! from peoples to peoples, and from
Kingdoms to kingdoms was not reckoned by him as anything at all, but he
undertook this with joy as something light and easy and of uo moment 1
And he «el out at onec. withont delay in his zeal, in. order to traverse the
frontiers of the peoples sud the kiugdoms, not being hindered or frightened
by fear of anvthing, not of the great length of the intervening space, nor
ihe. ` ‏ܙ‎ character of the countries on aecouut. of robbers, nor the
erossings. of the rivers, nor the long distances to be eovered, and, what is
greater than all, not even tlie burden of his old age; but thus, in confidence
ou God and tlie ardour of his buruing zeal, he made light of everything, and

‎1. Ms om. -- 2. The reason for the. journes eiu Bardly have been as here slated, since the Per-
"ans would have no object in making the. inquiry ind knew wel that the Nestorians differed from the
Us cielHans of the empire aid 05 favoured them. Moreover it was to the interest of the Nesto-
0). Εν | stress upon the dilferenee, not lo deny it; cf p. τας 1.7. Barh. (L e^ says lhot s. oblained
ano 0! ‏ܙ‎ dde Bing fo encourage the Monophasiles 10 hold thoir services freely and Lo defend lhem

‎) < (e Ne Porians, adding tha! he reeeived. eertiticales frin. Greeks, Armenians, and Syrlans,

‎HU *odillered. from the Nestorians,
