[163] LIFE OF IfARFAT. 163

ܕܐܬܛܠܝܩܘ. ‎NS‏ ܢܦܫܝ ܕܡܝ̣ܝܬܐ ܒܚܛܛܝܬܐ”, ‎ws‏ ܦܓܪܝ ‎QM‏ ܩܒܪܐ
ܒܚ̈ܝܫ ‎κοῖς‏ ܡܕܝܝܬܬ ‎νο‏ ܥܠ ܕܝܕܢܐ ‎[una Bees ον‏
ܕܐ ܕܪܡ ܥܠ ܗܽܘ ܓܙܪ ‎Lis‏ ܕܚܝܠܐ ܕܟܐܢܘܬܐ܂. ܥܠ ‎où‏ ܥܕܢܐ ‎ΕΝ‏ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ:. ‎cà‏
‏ܕܠܝܬ ܠܗ ܡܝ̈ܐܢܐ ܕܡܫܬܘܐܐ:. ܕܢܬܐܣܕ̈ܢ ܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ܘܪ̈ܓܠܘܗܝ ܘܢܦܘܩ ܠܚܥܘܟܐ
‎ss‏ ܘܥܠ ܐܝܠܝܢ ܡܿܡܠܟܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܠ ܫ' ܟܝ ‎Las o] uis οἱ‏ ܡܢ ܘܝ
‎use,‏ ܐ ܛܦܐ ‎ss Nas‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎ος‏ ܗܢܐ ܠܟܠܗܘܢ ܒܢܝ̈ܢܫܐ ܡܬ ܡܗ
‎me Jooit‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܕܛܒܐ ܕܐܒܟܠܗ ܘܕܚܥܪܘ7 ‎DEN‏ ܕܘܡ ‎LS‏ ܗܘܐ. ܘܟܕ
ܗܠܝܢ ܢܨܡܥܢ. ‎ο ος νο ος ος «lI ο‏ ܘܟܝܕ ܗܕܐ
‎eso t NT ο‏ ܠܘܬܗ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܒܗܝܢ ܟܕ ܒܗܝܢ ܐܫܟܚܢܝܗܝ ܟܕ ܕܘܐ 8
ܘܝܬܝܒ. ܘܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܒ ܡܒܚܝܠܝܘܬܐ ‎Jo‏ ܡܢ ‎Jl»‏ ܘܢ ܙܝܚܪܘܬܐ܂. ‎Slo‏ ܡܢ
ܬܘܫܦܘܬܐ ܕܦܖ̈ܙܠܐ ‎xo‏ ܘܟܕ ‎Lilo βου.‏ ܗܼܘܝܢ ܒܠܝܢܚܬܗ: ܘܐܫܟܚܝܢ ܚܝܢܢ
ܦܪܗܣܝܐ' ° ܕܡܠܬܐ ܠܘܬܗ: ܘܐܸܡ̇ܕܝܢ"! ܗܘܝܢ ܠܗ ܕܡܛܠ ܡܢܐ ‎bon Jisa,‏

1. B Sso.-- 3, D ins, ἰδωξϑϑο. — 3, D Hass. — 4, D om, — 5. B loa, — 6. ‏ܬܘܡܬ ܗܪ ܗܘܐ ܐ[‎ —
7, Dole. — 8. ἢ lae los. — 9, D. ‏.ܦܐ ܪܝܣܝܐ‎ D ‏ܦܪܝܣܝܐ‎ — 10, D ‏ܐܡܪܢܢ‎

soul that is dead in sin, for my body that has been made a grave duriug my
life, for my soul that is dead in evil deeds, lor the judgment that bas arrived,
for the end of life that has overtaken me, for the terrible sentence of justice,
for the moment when tlie command will go forth, ‘Ile who hath not weddinu-

*D187v*a.

garments, let his hands aud his feet be bound aud let him be cast into outer `

darkness''. Aud for what reasons, pray, O men, do vou advise me to cease
crying woe upon my life at all moments?» — Aud thus this man used to cause
all men to marvel and be amazed, until the report of his mortification and of
his aflliction penelrated to every place. And, when we heard these things,
we made it our object to obtain a sight of this blesse man. And, having
done this, we went and entered his presence ; and so we fouud him in the
same state, silling in dejectiou, and in great infirmily on account of the
labonr and the abstinence, as well as from the weight of these irons. And,
when we had enjoyed his society for a day and two days, and had 05
freedom. (παῤῥησία) of speech iu lis presence, aud continued saying to hin
« Wherelore, O our father, have you burdeued your body. with the weight
of all this iron? », he said lo us, « On aecount of my sins ». And, when

1. Matih., xxii, 31.
