#30 via.

146 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [146]

ܕܐܪܙܘܢ:. ܘܚܠܦ ܕܐ ܙܝܠ ܠܚܝܪܬܐ܂. ܕܪ ܠܘܬ ܐܦܝ̈ܣܩܘܦܐ ܡܗܝ̈ܡܢܐ܂ ܘܐܡܪ ܠܗܘܢ.
‎soul}‏ ܘܬܘ ‎sois‏ ܥܠ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ. ܘܟܕ ܫܡܥܘ ܐܦܝ̈ܣܩܦܐ܂ ܐܬܪܗܼܒܘ. ‎se‏
‏ܠܗܼ ܕܐܓܕܪ ܠܢ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܝܕܥ ܕܡܛܠ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܫܡܥܘܢ ‎ον ο ος‏
)93 ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ. ܟܕ ‎Li‏ ܕܠܡܐ ܢܢܕܪܘܢ ܠܡ ܘܢܘܕܥܘܢ ܠܗ ܘܢܐܬܐ̇. ܘܐܘܒ ܠܝܬ
ܠܢ ܕܢܡܠܠ. ܗܢܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܟܬܒܝܼܘ ܐܓܪܬܐ ° ‎Je‏ ܘܕܪܘ ܒܬܪܗ. ܘܟܕ ‎Ses‏ ܩܡ
ܚܦܝܛܐܝܬ ‎Nas‏ ܬܪ̈ܬܝܢ ܪ̈ܟܘܒܬܐ ‎JA‏ ܘܩܠܝܠܐܝܬ ‎Lis‏ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ
‎Sor - oto] pu‏ ܪܽܘܪܒܐܝܬ ܘܐܘܕܝܘ ܠܐܠܗܐ. ‎eso‏ ܐ ܙܠܘ ܠܘܬ ‎Jos mas où‏
ܠܗܘܢ. ܟܕ ܠܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ‎oaa) fisc‏ ܫܡܥܘܢ ‎fils‏ ܕܦܪܕ̈ܣܝܐ. ܐܠܐ ܕܒܝܬ
‎Lo‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ. ܐܡܪ ܠܗܘܢ ܫܡܥܘܢ ܛܘܒܢܥܐ ܠܐܦܚ̈ܣܩܘܦܐ ܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ ܕܗ̇ܘܚܢ ܗܘܘ
ܚܡܥܐ. ܕܗܐ ܡܚܕܐ ‎at‏ ܠܝ ‎auras‏ ܬܡܗܝܢ. ܘܡܛܠ ܕܠܐ ‎eMe‏ ܡܢܐ
ܢܐܡܪܘܢ.. ܗܕܐ ܐܬܝܢ ܕܢܐܡܪܘܢ.. ܕܠܐ ܡܿܩܒܠܝܢܢ ܕܢܡܠܠ ܥܡܢ ‎Lady Lo‏
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ. ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܐܡܪܘܢ ܠܗܘܢ ܕܐܸܢ ܟܠܢ ܠܐ ܨ ܒܚܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܢܡܠܠ.. ܘܐܼܦ

1. Corr, from >.

bishops, and said to them : « Assemhle together, and come let us debate
about the Faith». And the bishops ou hearing it were alarmed; and they
write to him saying, « Wait for us »; but he knew that they desired to send
about the blessed. Simeon, aud he continued pressing them more, thiukiug,
« Lest they send and inform him and he come, and again we shall not be able
to speak a word». But they on their part wrote a letter and liorsemen ', and
sent after μας And, when lie heard it, he rose promptly and took two Arab
mares?, and quiekly arrived among them. And, when they saw lim, they
rejoiced. greatly, and gave thauks 10 God; aud they rose and went to the
man who had written to them, while he had no notion that Siineon was in the
land of the Persians, but supposed that he was in Suraceu territory. The
blessed Simeon says to the believing bisliops, who were five : > Lo!, as soon
ax the Nestoriaus see ue, they will be amazed; and, because they will not
know what to say, they will end by sayiug this, * We will not permit this
man to join in the discussion with us, since he is a disturber”. But do you
καν thon τ Cf you are not willing that all of us should join in the diseuss-

i rs on Or tridinganimals", perhaps dromedaries ‏ܝ‎ ( s. v. 5255.
