‎LIFE OF SIMEON ΤΗΝ DISLIOD. 149‏ ]1149
‎Las‏ ܪ̈ܘܩܥܐ: ܘܢܦܩܘܕ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܕܢܪܝܡܘܢܝܗܝ ܡܝܢ ‎JAN ao‏ . ܘܢܥܕܥܚܘܢ ܡܢܗ
ܪ̈ܘܩܥܐ ‎xA‏ ܘܢܠܒܝ̣ܢܘܢܝܗܝ ‎La‏ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ: ܘܢܦܩܘܕ ܡܿܠܟܐ ܕܟܠ ܐܢܝܦ
ܠܗܢܐ ܒܪܝ ܢܫܡܿܥܗܝܘܗܝ: ܘܡܛܠ ܕܐܫܟܕܚܝ ‎où‏ ܡܣܟܢܐ ‎[x25‏ ܒܥܝ̈ܢܝ ‎NS‏
‎enealo‏ ܕܢܬܩܕܪܐ ܒܪܗܢ. ܗܟܢܐ ܗܢܐ ܒܪܢܫܐ ܕܐܝܬ ܚܪܝܢܐ ܒܝܢܬܢ ܥܠܘܗܝ. ‎Es‏
‏ܐܠܗܐ ܕܢܫܡܿܗܝܘܗܝ ܒܪܗ ° ܒܛܬܛܝܒܘܬܐܼ. ܟܕ ‎Ji‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܒܟܚܢܐ. ‎jo‏ ܐܸܡܪ
ܪܝܫܢܐ. ܐܢܬܘܢ ܡܢܐ ܐܡܿܪܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ. ‎P3]‏ ܫܡܥܘܢ. ܝܕܠܝܢܢ ܕܚܟܝܡܘܬܟܘܢ܂ ܠܐ
ܡܬܠ̈ܒܪܐ. ‎«Ὁ‏ ܗܟܝܠ ‎DS‏ ܡܢ ‎SA‏ ܟܘܠܗܝܢ ‎μοὶ;‏ ܩܬܘܠܝܝܩܝܐ
ܡܦܝܣܝܢ ܚܢܢ ܕܬܠܩܒܢ. ‎ΘΙ‏ ܘܬܕܘܢ ‎ls‏ - ܒܐܠܗܐ ܪܒܐ ‎Mt‏ ܝܘܶܡܬܟ.
ܐܡܪ ‎M wel o‏ ܐܝܠܝܢ. ܐܼܡܿܪ ‎oM‏ ܡܛܠ ‎λογο La Soko Ql‏ ܪܒܘܬܡ:
ܕܒܪ ܐܢܫܐ ܫܚܝܡܐ ܕܐܟܘܬܢ ‎Doll‏ ܡܢ ܐܢܬܬܐ. ܬܒܥܐ ܡܢܗ ܚܟܝܡܘܬܐܟ ܗܕܐ .!
ܕܚܢܢ ܡܢ ܙܪܥܐ ܕܓܒܪܐ ܡܬ݀ܝܠܕܝܢܢ ܡܢ ‎M, Ὁ]‏ ܡܢܗ ܥܠ ‎wel; où‏
ܠܟ ܕܐܟܘܬܢ ܡܢ ܐܢܬܬܐ ‎SE‏ ܡܢ ܙܪܥܐ ܗܼܘܐ ‎Jia‏ ܐܟܘܬܢ.. ‎οἱ‏ ܡܢ ܐܝܒܐ

‎1. Ms, om. stop. But perh. something has fallen out.

‎girt with rags, and give orders about him that thev should raise him from
the dungheap, and strip the rags with which he was ±: off him and cfothe
him iu royal raiment, and the King might issue an order « Let evervone
name this man my son », and, beeause that poor man found grace in the
king's eyes, lie also eonferred upon him the honour of beiug called Bis son,
so God was pleased to name this man to whoni tlie eonteution between us
relates his Son by grace, when he is uot so by nature ». Aud he 6:1110 to
an end. The governor says : « What do you say?» — Simeou says : > We
know that your wisdom will not go astray. Therelore we entreat you by the
great God (may he prolong your days) out of all the statemeuts which the
catholicus has made to investigate two, and examine and judge fairly ». Ho
says 10 him : « Tell me which ». He says to him : « Sinee the catholicus
stated in the presence of your liügliness that an ordinary. man like us wis
born of a woman, let your wisdom put this question to him. Whereas we
are boru of à woman from the seed of à man, inquire! frin. hin as to the

‎man who he told vou was born ol a woman like us, was he from the seed of

‎1. See p. 39, n. 2.

‎+ αὐ (7
