Y

‎LIVES OF THOMAS AND STEPHEN. 193‏ ]193[
ܥܠ ܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ ‎Jiotso‏ ܘܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܢܓܝܪܬܐ ܡܬܓܒܪ ܗܘܐ. ܢܚܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܕܝܢ
ܠܓܘܒܐ ‎aoo où‏ ܗܘܐ .. ܡܛܠ ܕܠܐ ܢܐܠ ܨ ܦܓܪܗ ܡܢ ܚܕܐ! ‎"aue‏ ܠܗ
ܘܢܙܕܟܐ. ܟܕ ܣܘܢܩܢܐ ‎Las Sous)‏ ܗܘܘ ܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܗܘܼܘ ܠܗ ‎ISS‏
‎«QS Jy * A ivo b.‏ ܠܬܡܝܢ. ° ܘܗܟܢܐ ܒܓܘܒܐ ‎où‏ ܠܡܠܐ ܩܫ̈ܝܐ ܘܪܰܘܙ̈ܒܟܐ ܥܠ ܢܟܦܢܗ ܣܡ
‎NITE‏ ܘܒܒܟܝܐ ‎ὁ μ5ίϑο [aso‏ ܕܚܠܦ ܚ̈ܛܗܘܗܝܢ. ᾿ ܕܠܐ ܝܠܝܐ ܐܡܚܝܢ ܗܘܐ.
ܟܕ ܡܫܬܥܚܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܝ ‎AN μύρο)‏ ܕܐܦ ܗܠܝܢ ܛܒ ‎LION‏ ܗܘܘ
ܒܕܘܒܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ: ܕܟܠ ܐܡܬܝ ܕܢܚܙܝܘܗܝ ܠܡܐ ܠܛܘܒܢܐ ܬܘܡܐ .. ܟܕ ‎oV‏ ܥܠ
ܐܦܝ̈ܘܗܝ ܡܫܟܚܝܢ ܚܢܢ ‎λα‏ ܐܚ̈ܝ ‎eei Lisa‏ ܒܣܪܝܩܘܬܐ.
‎uà‏ ܠܝ ‎Xe aa‏ ܒܒܝܫ̈ܫܬܐ". ܘܝ ܠܝ ܕܐܘܦܝܘ ‎mie‏ ܒܝܥܝܒ̈ܕܐ ‎Jos,‏
‎dl‏ ܒܫ ‎SNS‏ ܐܨܛܕܝܘ ܒܝܫܚ ‎Jess‏ ܐܒܝܕ ܗܘܐ ‎«doo‏ ܒܣܪܝܩܘܬ ܣܘܓܪ̈ܢܘܗܝ
ܕܥܠܡܐ ‎DIRE μοι‏ ܨܠܘ ܥܠܝ ‎ους ντο un]‏ ܡܪܚܡܢܐ ܒܬܝܒܘܬܐ..
‎Jo‏ ܢܗܼܦܟ ܐܦܝ̈ܘܗܝ ܡܢ ܣܢܝܘܬܝ. ‎aM‏ ܥܠܝ ܕܢܬܦܬܚ ܠܝ ܬܪܥܐ ܕܪ̈ܚܡܐ

‎L Mss, ler — 2, B ‏ܚ .ܘܢܬܬܚܒ‎ 3. B ‏.ܣܐܡ ܗܘܐ ܥܠ ܢܦܫܗ (1 .4 ܕ݂ܦ݂ܶܓ݂ܪܶܗ ܘܚܫܚܬܗ‎ — 5, B Halo --
ὃ. Bo. — 7. D om. — 8, B. ius, ‏.ܟܠܗܘ‎ — u, B ‏ܒܒܝܫܘܬܐ‎ — 10, Π ins. «mao ἢ, 665. — 11. B ins.
por paa.

‎to that pit, bravely applying himself thenceforward to àsceticism and vigil
and protracted recitation of services. But he used to go down into that pit
and come up again, that he might not put force upon his body all at once and
faint and be overeome, while the blessed men who were the occasion of his
going out to that place supplied his necessary requirements. And so in
that pit he laid great and grievious labours upon himself, and was without
eeasing continuously occupied in weeping and sorrow anl mourning for
his sins, and these blessed men (since these also were very perfect in their
manner of life) used to relate to me‘, « Whenever we see the blessed Thomas,
we find bim beating his face, and saying, * Woe to me, my brethren, since 1
have consumed my days in vanity. ΔΙΌ to me, since myÿ moments have
melted away in evil deeds. — Woe to me since my life has been squandered
in works of darkness. The world has deceived me. The demons have
mocked me. My mind has been lost in the vauity of the affairs of this lying
world. Pray for me, my brethren, that the merciful God may receive me in
repeutance, and not turn his face away from my hatefulness. Pray for me
that the door of mercy at which ] am knocking may be opeued to me, and |

‎l. This must have been in 534 (p. 209); bul Lhe words though giveu in th? present, appear as spoken

‎at the beginning of his asrelie life.
PATR. OR. — T. XVII — F. |, 1
