—— ας
4

‎LIVES OF MARY AND EUPHEMIA. 185‏ ]185[
ܠܝܠܕܗ̇ ܕܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ  ‎clin‏ ܡܐܪܝܐ',. ‎eme‏ ܠܩܕܝܥܬܐ. ‎xS “las ios‏
ܘܬܗܘܝܢ ‎Jia‏ ܠܥܡܘܪܝܐ ܕܪܘܚܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ. ܘܟܕ ܣܓܺܝܐܬܐ ‎‘las‏ ܘܦܣܩܕܬ
‎où‏ ܘܐܡܼܒܪܬ: ܕܐܢܐ ‎ad Jy d‏ ܠܝ ܠܘܬ ܡܫܝܚܐ: ‎SS Alo‏ ܠܬܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܐܠܗܝܬܐ..
° ܟܢ ‎Ras as‏ ܐܝܕܗ ‎ans ko‏ ܕܡܪܝܐ ܝܫܘܥ ‎jas‏
‏ܘܦܥܛܬ ‎sans like ass‏ ܘܟܕ ‎κας‏ ܚܙܬܗ̇ ‎sona cs‏ ܢܦܢܗܿ܂ ܥܝܼܢܝܬ.
ܟܕ ܠܟܘܠ ‎οἱ‏ ܬܡܗܐ ‎"vel‏ ܥܠ ܡܦܩܢܗܿ. ‎Naso‏ ܒܝܪܬܗ̇ ܡܫܘܚܕܐܝܬ܂
ܘܡܔܓܙܝܐܝܬ܂ ܒܠܚܘܕܝܪܗܿ. ܘܒܫܝܘܡܐ ܕܬܠܬܐ ܕܡܦܩܢܗ̇ ܕܐܼܡܝܙܗ: ܟܕ ‎foo:‏ ܘܝܬܝܒܐ
ܒܐܒܠܗܿ: ܘܩܪܝܒܐ ܐܦ ܗܼܝ ܕܬܫܢܐ ܡܢ ܚ̈ܝܐ܂. ܗܐ ܐܢܫ ‎«Οἱ‏ ܘܛܝܥܝܢ ܐܓܝܪܬܐ
ܕܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ܡܪܝܡ. ܕܩܕܡ ‎Jos‏ ܥܣܪܐ.. ‎Nara‏ ܡܝܢ ܥܠܡܐ ܠܘܬ ‎JON‏ ܘܟܕ
ܐܪܓܫܘܢ ‎sas]‏ ܟܠܘ ܕܠܐ ܬܥܡܼܥ ܒܪܬ ܚܬܗ̇ ܘܬܦܪܚ ܢܦܢܗ̇ ܡܢ ܚܫܐ. ܟܕ ܟܠܗ
‎disc‏ ܡܟܝܠ ‎Lo‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ܂. ܕܠܘܬ ܚܠܬܗ̇ ܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ܬܐ ܙܠ: ܘܠܕܘܒܪܗ̇
ܬܬ ܐܬܘܬܦ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܫܘܠܡܗܿ. ܘܡܛܠ ܗܢܐ ܟܼܠܘ. ܕܕܠܡܐ ‎νοκ)‏ ܘܬܬܚܢܩ ܡܢ
‎σοι ο... .JIa 5‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܗܟܝܥܢ.ܐ.. ܒܓܘ ܬܡܢܝܐ ܝܘ̈ܡܡܬܐ.. ‎xor dos‏

‎LE mix Lise — 2, A ‏ܕܒܦܨܠܘܬܗ‎ E o for y — 3, E om, — 4, E ‏ܡܡܠܠܐ ܗܘܬ‎ po — 5, E ins, ‏ܗܘܐ‎

‎blessed Lady Maria, and to the holy one herself, that by ber prayers von
may be preserved, and may hecome a temple for the indwelling of tlie Holy
Spirit of God ». And after laying many charges upon her. and sayiug
positivelv, «1 for my part am going to Christ ‏ܕ«‎ and committing her to the
divine grace, while speaking, she stretched out lier hand, and made the sign
over her in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ; and she extended herself and
looked toward heaven, and, while her eyes were raised toward heaven, her
soul passed away, while everyone was seized with amazemeutat her departure:
aud her daughter remained. alone. solitary and bereaved. — And on the next
day but one after her mother's departure, while she was in misery and was
sitting in her grief, and she also was near passing away [rom life. lof a man
came bearing a letter from the blessed Mary, who had passed from the world
to God ten days before. And certain persons on it coming lo their knowledge
prevented her niece from  : and her soul llitting from sorrow, since
her whole hope was now this, to go to her blessed aunt, and share her manner
of life until her end. And for this reason they preveuted it, lest slie should
hear the news aud be overwhelmed. with anguish. These saints therefore in

‎ΤΙ 80 ve.

‎ΣΑ τὸ rta.
