2

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [142]‏ 143
ܕܦܪ̈ܣܝܐ܂. ‎μὲ‏ ܘܕܪ̈ܗܘܡܝܐ. ܡܬܚ ܗܘܐ ܕܝܢ ܡܪܕܘܬܗ ܠܡܕܝܢܬ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܕܪ̈ܗܘܡܝܐ
ܙܒܢܬܐ ܩܕܡܝܬܐ.. ܡܝܢ ܥܠܝܬܐ ܕܐܝܟ ܗܕܐ ̈ ‎mise) exul SE‏ ܩ ܘܦܐ
ܢܣܛܘܿܙ̈ܝܢܘ ܕܡ̈ܕܝܢܬܐ ‎JN‏ ܘܐܘܕܥܘ ܠܡܠܟܐ ܕܦܪ̈ܣܝܐ ܥܠ ܡܙܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ ܕܬܡܢ..
ܟܕ ‎RO cape]‏ ܠܡ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ‎Lisa ss‏ ܕܡܠܟܘܬܟܘܢ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܡܫܟܚܝܬܘܢ

‎τ ΟΣ ‏ܕܪ̈ܗܘܡܫܐ ° ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ. ܗܼܘ‎ Je» ‏ܕܐܦ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܗܘܢ ܘܪ̈ܐܙܝܗܘܢ‎ asl,

‎Hands ‏ܐܢܘܢ. ܘܦܕܩܕ ܪܕܘܦܝܐ ܥܠ ܐܪ̈ܬܘܕܘܟܣܘ ܕܟܠܝܗ̇‎ «aene Jae go
‏ܢܠܦ‎ und ‏ܛܘܒܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܫܡܥܘܢ ܒܚܝܪܝܦܘܬ ܛܢܕܬܗ.. ܐܬܦܪܣ ܕܗ̈ܢܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ‎
Jus JM ‏ܡܿܠܟܐ ܕܪ̈ܗܘܡܝܐ.. ܕܗܕܐ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܢܣܥܘܪ‎ καλου ‏ܠܡܗܝܡܢܐ‎
‏ܠܡܿܠܟܐ‎ vM ‏ܕܡܨܐ! ܕܢܦܚܝܣ‎ aiso οὐδὲ ‏ܟܕ‎ Lois, Bie: ‏ܕܡܗܝ̈ܡܢܐ‎
‏ܡܢܗ ܟܠܡܐ ܠܡܗܝ̈ܡܢܐ‎ Nas ‏ܡܗܝܡܢܐ‎ où Lio ‏ܣܐܥܪ ܐܢܐ:.‎ Ji So NI
‏ܘܗ̈ܢܝܢ‎ se ‏ܕܒܐܬܪܐ ܕܒܝܬ ܦܪ̈ܣܝܐ. ܗܝܕܚܢ ܩܠܝܠܐܝܬ ܠܘܬ ܡܿܠܟܐ ܐܢܣܛܣ‎
‏ܐܠܦܗ. ܘܗܼܘ ܡܠܪܟܐ ܗܢܐ ܪܚܡ ܐܠܗܐ: ܡܛܠ ܕܡܗܝܡܢܐ ܗܘܐ ܘܪܚܠܡ‎ «^o
‏ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ‎ Las; ‏ܠܡܼܣܥܪ. ܘܡܛܠ‎ ἐμὰ ἢ ‏ܕܡܢܗܼ‎ "oi NS Js. ‏ܠܡ̈ܗܝܡܢܐ.‎

‎1. In erasure, — 2, Ms, 0

‎and he extended his travels to the royal city of the Romans for the first time
for à reasou like this.

‎Ou one oecaston ilie Nestorian bishops of the chief cities met together
and gave infurmation to the king of the Persiaus about the bhelievers in
that eountey, saving, « These meu are traitors to your inajesty, as it is
in your power Lo learn, since their faith also and their rites agree with
those of the Romaus »: and the Magian believed them, aud he ordered a
perseeution against the orthodox (ὀοθόδοξοι) in the whole of his kingdom.

‎But tlie blessed Simeon in tlie fervour of his zeal formed the plau of going
up and informing the Lelieving Anastasius, king of the Romans, of these
things, that he might do this favour to the chureh of the believers in the
country of the Persians, saying, « Who will be able to intercede with the king
for us if 1 do not do these things? and that believing king will ask of him
peace for the helievers in the country of Persia ». Then he quickly arrived
before king Muastasins, aud. informed. him of these things. Aud this God-
Lin. hine beeanse he was a believer and a friend of the helicvers, dil
not d by to carry ont his request which he asked. of him; and, beeanse

‎her __ peace between. them, and they were sending embassies to one

‎ES ———— ef Ἡ =
p ee,
