190 JOHN OF EPIIESUS. 1490]

ܘܦܘܪܩܢܐ ܗܘܼܐ ܐܠܗܘܢ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ'. ܡܛܘܠ ° ܕܡܕܝܙܬܐ ܗܕܐ ‎tara. fas) où‏

ܕܝܪܐ ‎GS ἴοι‏ ܕܪ̈ܕܚܦܐ ܕܡܢ ܟܠ ‎τις αἴθ‏ ܘܡܩܒܠܢܝܬܐ ܕܛܪ̈ܝܕܐ ܕܡܢ ܘܠ ܕܘܟ.
ܘܡܝܢ ܗܿܝܕܝܢ ܗܼܢܘܢ ‎Lisa‏ - ܒܥܠܝܐ ‎as‏ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܝܬܒܝܢ ‎«οοοι‏ ܒܬ ܪ ܕܝܢ
ܙܒܢܐ ܩܠ ܝܠ .. ‎Lio JA‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܕܢܣܬܢܘܢ ܥܠ ܐܣܩܘܪܝܢ.. ܡܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ
‎x‏ ܡܢ ܛܪ̈ܦܐ ܕܬܡܪܬܐ ܐܝܡ ‎ye JN s NS‏ ܕܒܫܒܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ..
ܐܫܬܟܚ ܣܒܐ ‎Cx» Ἵν‏ ܐܝܢܐ ܕܥܡܿܪܐ ܗܘܐ ܒܡܕܒܪܐ ‎pe‏ ܒܐܬܪܐ ‎Jsah‏
‎[μος‏ ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ܂ ܡܢܕܝܣ". ܐܝܕܐ ‎Tex Lans‏ ܡܝܢ ‎J 9e Linea‏
‎Mm‏ ܘܐܪܒܥܐ. ‎μοὶ‏ ܕܐܦ ‎où‏ ܣܒܐ ‎«f‏ ܒܪܕܘܦܚܐ ܡܢ ‎Poems‏ ܠܗ
ܠܡܕܒܪܐ ܗܢܐ ܥܠܝܠ ܗܘܐ .. ܥܡ ‎Slc ΜΈΝ, μ5‏ ܛܘܒ̈ܢܝܬܐ ܬܘܒ ‎JAN νο‏
ܕܒܗ̇ ܒܕܘܟܬܐ ܗ̇ܝ ܒܫܠܝܐ ܥܡܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܒܦܘܪܩܣܐ ܚܕ ܕܣܚܡ" ܠ ܘܛ ܪܬܐ
ܕܒܕ̈ܒܪܝܐ. ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܼܘ ܗܢܐ ܡܢ ܟܘܪܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܕܐܼܡܿܕ: ‎oio] uo‏ 11 ܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ
ܕܥܡ ‎μ.ο‏ ܡܪܐ ܐܦܝܣܩܘܦܐ: ܕܙܗܝܪ ܗܘ ܘܒܪ ܠܫܢܗܘܢ | ‎ook‏ 10 . ܕܒܪܘܗܝ܂

1. Β «δον ‏.ܟܗ ܐܐ ,2 ܚ . ܠܛܘܟܝ̈ܢܐ‎ 20 D ‏ܡܕܒܪܙܘܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܣܒܐ ܚܕ ܐܫܬܟܚ‎ ele ‏.ܘܚܫܚܬܐ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ‎ — 4, À
Qu. τ δι Diane ‏ܠܗ‎ à 6. 18 ‏ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐܼ ܡܬܕܠܝܣ‎ lee. — 7, B om, — 8. 1 «839. — 9, B bis. —10, D
ins. loo — 11. D ins. ooo

ly ἃ great relicf and deliverance was effected for these blessed men, because
at that time this cité became a habitation of men driven by persecution
from all quarters, and a place of reception for men expelled from every place;
and from that time the blessed. men were quietly settled in tlie same city.
But, after a short time, some eause called them to be in need of a utensil
son) such as they make out of the leaves of the date-palm for household
use; and. as it were by the dispensation of God, an old man was found selling
them. who lived in a certain. desert in the region of Libya belonging to a
village called. Mendis', which lies twentv-four miles above Alexandria, and
this old man. had also come into this desert from Palestine under
persecution, with other blessed inen as well as virtuous blessed women also
who were living in quietude in that place. in à certain tower which had been
set up for defence against harbariaus?. Since therefore this man came from
ile territory (χώρα) of. Αα, and the blessed. men who aecompanied the

holy bishop Mare saw that be was an educated nan and spoke their language,

¦ OWutthe Nile. now Mendishe (Yakul, Geogr. W'órterb., ed. Wüstenfeld, Iv, p. 661). — 2. Cf.

