* 47 |" 2

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [152]‏ 152
ܗܟܢܐ ‎th)‏ ܡܢ ܣܗܕܘܬܟܘܢ ܕܝܠܟܘܢ.. ܗܝܕܝܢ ܐܦܚ̈ܣܩܦܐ ܡܶܗܝܡܢܐ.. ܦܘ̈ܢܘܣ
ܩܥܝܢ ܗܘܗ ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪܝܢ.. ‎[EST‏ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܬܐ ܢܩܚܡ ܐܠܗܐ ܚܟܝܡܘܬܟܘܢ ܘܬܪܝܕܘܬܟܘܢ.
ܠܐܦܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ܕܪܒܘܬܐ ܢܘܣܦ ܠܟܘܢ ܐܠܗܐ . ܘܢܒܘܝܟܘܢ ‎LAN‏ ܛܒ̈ܐ. ° ܘܗܟܢܐ
‎Na]‏ ܟܕ ܒܗܝܬܝܢ ܢܣܛܘܪ̈ܝܢܐ. ܗܕܐ ‎low c‏ ܐܦ ‎ASS‏ ܐܦܝܣܩܦܘܬܗ
ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ‎μοι‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܙܒܢ̈ܬܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܬܐ ‎DS‏ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ ‎Nas,‏ ܣܝܕܡ ܐܝܕܐ
ܕܐܦܚܣܩܦܘܬܐ ܘܠܐ ܡܬܛܛܦܝܣ ܗܘܐ. ܡܢ ‎ς‏ ܕܢܦܝܼܩ ܒܙܟܝܘܬܐ܂. ‎coms‏
‏ܒܩܛܝܪܐ 30 ‎ο νυν νε oto,‏ ܠܕܡܬܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ܂ ܒܝܬܐ ܐܪܫܡ. ܘܡܟܝܠ܂
ܐܦܚܣܩܘܦܐ ܡܝܛܪܦܘܠܝܛܝܣ ‎us)‏ ܐܪܫܡ ܡܫܬ ܡܙܗ ܗܘܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܒܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ
ܓܘ̈ܝܐ ܕܠܓܘ ܡܢ ܦܪ̈ܣܝܐ ܡܬܟܪܟ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܬ ܠܡܕ. ܘܡܨܦܢܐ ܡܢ ܚܢܦܘܬܐ
ܘܡܓܘܬܢܘܬܐ.. ܘܬܘܒ ܠܗ ܠܐܬ ܪܐ ‎Las‏ ܗܘܐ.. ܘܒܗܘܢ ‎MEN Ke μόδον‏
ܝܘܠܦܢܗ ܪܫܝܥܐ ܕܢܣܛܘܪܝܣ ܐܪܥ ܗܘܐ. ܘܒܣܢܐܬܐ ܬܘܒ ‎vw secs,‏
ܡܶܬܓܘܙܠܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܬܘܒ ܕܝܢ ܡܢ ܝܕܝ̈ܥܐ ܕܒܗܘܢ.. ܩܘܛܪ̈ܓܘܗܝ ܥܡ ܕܟܠܗܘܢ
ܡܶܗܝܡܢܐ.. ܩܕܡ ܡܿܠܟܐ ܦܪܣܝܐ ܩܫܝܐܝܬ ܥܒܕܕܘ ܗܘܘ. ܗܝܕܝܢ ‎CTI‏ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ
ܕܢܬܠܒܟܘܢ.. ܟܘܠܗܘܢ ܐܦܫ̈ܣܩܘܦܐ ܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ. ܘܟܠܗܘܢ ܙ̈ܝܫܝ ܕܝܖ̈ܬܐ ‎Baez‏

‎bishops continued giving vent to exelamations (φωνάς), saying, « God preserve
your wisdom and your uprightness many years. God multiply your great-
ness uany times, and. grant you à good life ». And so they separated, the
Nestorians having been put to shame. This was also the occasion of this
sains episcopale; beeause they often pressed him to acecpt ordination to
the episcopate, and he would not consent: but, after he had come ont victo-
rious, they seized him by force and made him bishop for a place called Beth
Arsham ', and thereforward he bore the title of metropolitan bishop of Beth
Arsham. And so he would go about in tlie. interior countries beyond the
Persiaus and make dixeiples, and convert men from paganism and Magism,
and return again 1o the same country, and streniously meet those who held
the impious doctrine of Nestorius in the same contests; and these were again
intlamed with hatred against him. And some moreover ol the most eminent
among (hem made ernel accusations against him and all the believers. as
well before the Persian king. Then he issued an order that all the belie-

‎viuis bishops should. be arrested, and all the ehief archimandrites, and.

‎lo Nom ± 2 000 H.E; ed. Abbeloos and Lamy, 111. p. Sài.
