[187] LIVES OF THOMAS AND STEPIIEN. 187

ruläa ‏ܬܫܥܝܬܐ ܕܬܠܬܥܣܪܐ܆ ܕܐܢܫܐ ܩ̈ܕܝܫܐ‎ laah

‎.'rroilra‏ ܬܐܘܡܓܐ ‎"esa sorta‏ ܘܙܘܛܓܐ ܢܘܛܪ̈ܐ

‎wa ‏ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ܡܪܐ ܡܝܛܪܦܘܠܝܛܝܣ‎ ος ασ
«σον

‏° ܡܝܢ ܒܬܪ ܥܝܘܢܝܕܢܗ ‎oón‏ ܕܒܝܬ ܩܝ̈ܕܝܫܐ ‎[ads‏ ܡܗܝܡܢܐ ܐܢܣܛܣ: ܟܢ
‎wars wa‏ ܥܠ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ‎io Pope μια. +. xs‏ ܒܥܕܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ
‎Les‏ ܡܥܠܬܐ ܕܣܘܢܗܘܕܘܣ ‎Jai‏ ܕܟܠܩܕܘܢܐ ܥܒܕ ܗܘܐ. ܘܡܢ ܗܪܟܐ ܡܟܝܠ
ܒܚܕ ܦܘܩܕܢܗ ‎os‏ ܕܡܿܠܝܟܐ ‎RSS‏ ܟܠ ܡܢ ܕܠܡܩܒܠܢܘܬܐ ܘܡܥܠܬܐ
ܕܣܝܘܢ ܗܕܘܣ[̈̄ ܠܐ ܥܠܡ ‎Jon‏ ܪܕܝܦܐ ܘܛܪܝܕܐ ‎jou Jo‏ ܘܠܐܟܦܣܘܪ̈ܝܣ ‎aso‏ °

‎Jon ‏ܕܝܢ ܠܗܠܝܢ‎ Fins oon ‏ܥܕܬܐ܂ ܡܢܝܼܬܕܝܢ‎ aus ° ‏ܐܢܫܐ‎ αν. κό
‏ܟܠ ܐܢܫ‎ . Koss ‏ܕܐܠܟܝܣܢܢܝܕܪܘܣ. ܘܡܢ ܗܪܟܝܐ‎ LAS ‏ܒܫܢܬ ܬܡܢܡܐܐ‎
‏ܕܨܒܝܢܗ.. ܓܠܝܐܝܬ ܡܬܚܙܝܢ ܗܘܘ.‎ "μιο ‏ܪܚܡܬܐ ܕܒܗ ܘܦܬܐܣܬܐ ܕܠܝܒܗ‎

‎4. This ch. and the next two are in D, f. 107 τὸ b. The leading is : ‏ܬܘܒ ܕܝܠܗ ܬܫܥܝܬܐ ܕܩܚܦ̈ܨܝܫܐ ܘܦܠܚܝܐ‎
et ‏ܡܪܐ ܡܝܛܪܘܦܠܝܛܐ‎ vise ‏ܡܪܝ ܬܐܘܼܡ ܬ ܘܐܣܛܦܢܐ ܘܙܘܛܐ ܢܘܛܪ̈ܐ ܘܣܘܢܝܩܠܐ ܕܩܕܝܫܐ‎ pozX. 2, À ‏ܘܣܛܦܢܐ‎ —

‎. Mss. ‏ܝܘܣܛܝܙܝܢܘܣ‎ — ἡ, Ὦ bons, [aus wopamy. — 5, D Ἰδαραξ ‏ܕܣܘܙܕܗܘܣ‎ — 6. Bam —;.H
ἰδ IL. vits pal ‏ܗܘܘ‎ go

‎ΧΗΙ. — NEXT THE TIIRTEENTI HISTORY, OF CERTAIN SAINTS AND SERVANTS OF
Gop, Tuouas axp. STEPHEN AND Zw T' THE NOTARIES (voro) AND syncelli
ΟΡ ΤΗΕ ποι MaBE! METROPOLITAN OF THE CITY OF ΑΝΝΑ,

‎After the decease of the believing king Anastasius who is among the saints,
when Justin? was set over the kingdom, he was making a. beginning of
divisions and contentions in the ehureh of God by introducing Lhe impious
synod of Chaleedou; and from that time forward bv order of the same
schismatie king everyone who did not assent to the reception and introduetion
of the synod lived under persecution and expulsion, and certain members

‎of the chureh were aecordingly banished to various places of exile (ἐξορίχον.
The beginning of these things occurred in the vear eight hundred aud thirty
of Alexander? ; and from this time forward were clearly seen in every
man's case the love that was in him and the foundation of his heart and the

‎1, T'àis name is freqnently thus pointed in mss.. and I therefore wrile il το rather lian ‘Mara’, —
3. Mss. *Jusliuian', — 3. 519.

‎*B167v*a.

‎ΚΑ 45 voa.
