* 36 v° a.

‎JOIN OF EPHESUS. [150]‏ 150
‎τοδὶ ./οοι‏ ܠܗ ܠܩܬܘܠܝܩܐ ‎uan;‏ ܥܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܡܘܢ ܐܡܪ ܐܢܬ . ܡܢ ܙܪܥܐ
ܗܼܘܐ ܕܓܒܪܐ ‎où‏ ܒܪ ‎Last‏ ܕܐܡܼܪܬ ‎οἱ nas aM‏ ܡܢ ܐܝܟܐ ܗܼܘܐ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ
‎Jos‏ ܘܕܢܐܡܪ ܕܡܝܢ ܙܪܥܐ܂ ܠܐܐ ‎uns)‏ ܐܡܿܪ ܠܗ. ܠܘ ܡܢ ܙܪܥܐ ‎Jon‏ ܐܡܝܪ ‎où‏
‏ܘܡܢ ‎fa)‏ ܗܘ ‎cuis‏ ܐܡܪ ܠܗ. ܟܬܝܒ ܕܡܢ ‎Los‏ ܩܕܝܫܐ. ܐܡܪ ܠܗ. ܗܐ
ܡܕܝܢ܂ ܕܓܠܠܼܬ ܠܟ ° ܕܐܡܪܬ ܕܒܪ ‎bal‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎bea‏ ܕܐܟܘܬܢ. ܗܐ ܡܕܝܢ܂
ܠܘ ܐܟܘܬܢ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܒܛܢܗ ܘܝܠܕܗ.. ‎JH]‏ ܠܥܠ ܡܢܝܢ. ‎ie‏ ܓܝܪ ܠܐ ‎«ues‏
‏ܡܡܬܘܡ )1-5 ܕܠܐ ܙܪܥܐ ܐܬܝܠܕ. ‎lo‏ ܗܢܐ ‎No]‏ ܡܩܛܪܔܓ ܐܢܬ ܠܗ: ܐܢܬ
ܬܘܒ ܣܗܼܕܬ ‎Leo Jis‏ ܘܕܠܐ ܙܪܥܐ ‎Doll‏ ܠܘ ‎Luis‏ ܗܘ ܫܚܝܡܐ ‎ὠαοὶ‏ ܘܗܐ
ܡܢ ܣܗܕܘܐܟ ‎sh] ο‏ ܠܟܢ. ܘܗܥܝܢ ܐܡܪܝܢ ܕܪܐ !1 ܝܬܝܪ ܡܢܟܘܢ.
ܟܕ ‎s‏ ܬܘܒ ܒܩܘ̈ܠܣܐ ‎μα‏ ܓܒܐ [ܕܡ]ܗܝ̈ܡܢܐ ‎κ» λίθο‏ ܗܘܘܢ. ܐܡܝܪ
ܫܡܥܘܢ ܠܡܪܙܒܢܐܼ. ܡܪܝ ,. ܚܕܐ ܡܠܬܐ ܐܚܪܬܐ ܢܘܕܘܢ ܩܕܡ ܚܟܡܬܟ.. ܘܢܥܪܐ
ܣܓܝ̈ܐܬܐ ܕܡܡܠܝܠܐ. ܐܡܿܪ ‎ον‏ ܐܝܕܐ ̈ )5% ܠܗ ܫܡܥܘܢ. ܡܛܘܠ ܕܩܬܘܠܝܩܐ
ܐܡܪ ‎ελα»‏ ܕܡܠܟ ‎ENS‏ ܡܢ ܩܩܠܬܐ ‎Nas‏ ܒܪ ܡܣ̈ܟܢܐ ܘܡܠܒܕܫ ܠܗ

‎1. ‏ܝܬܝܐ‎ erased follows.

‎a man like us, or whenee was lie ». The governor says to the catholicus :
« What say you about these things? — Was the man of whom you spoke to
me from the seed of a man, or whenee was he?» But he was struck with
shame, and he could not say that he eame from seed, ο says to him : «fe
did not come from seed ». [10 says to him, « And whence is his conception? »
He says to him : « It is written that it is from the lloly Spirit». le says
to them : « Lo! therefore you lied when you said that he is an ordinary man
00 Lo! therefore his conception and birth are not like us, but above
us; for we for our part never heard that à man was born without seed. And,
if in the ease of this man whom vou aceuse you have yourself on the other
hand testified that he was born without copulation and without seed, he is
nob an ordiuary man like us; and by. your own testimony you have been
condemned, and these men speak truth rather than vou ». While the party
ol the believers were proceeding to extoL the governor with praises, Simeon
says to tbe marzhan : « My lord, let them confess one more poiut in the
presence of your wisdom, aud let us dispense with lengthy speech ». He
savs to nbn, « Wal» Simeon says to him : « Since the catholieus said to

‎your highr ss that the King of kings takes a poor man's son from ἃ dung-
