ΣΑΝ b.

*E76r.

176 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [176]

ܠܣܘܙܩܢܢ܂ ܘܕܢܬܫܡܫ ‎x eh‏ ܚܫܠܝܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎ee‏ ܠܐ ‎ωοῦι LS‏
ܐܸܢ ܡܢ ܠܡܠܗܝܢ ܒܒܝܬܗܝܢ܇ . ܐܠܐ ܐܸܢ ‎pile “τι‏ ܕܝܬ ܚܕܐ ܡܢܗܝܢ ‎m‏
‏ܚܘܒ ܐ ܚܕܐ ‎yo oi‏ . ܐܠܐ ܗܟܢܐ ‎οι»‏ ܥܡܠܐ | ܗܘܝ ܂. ‎?ele‏ ܒܨܘܡܐ
ܬܘܒ ܘܒܨܠܝܘܬܐ܂ ܘܒܬܫܡܫܬܐ. ܘܟܘܠ ܐܡܬܝ ܕܠܝܒܝܪ ‎μου JAassks‏
ܐܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ‎Less‏ ܗܘܬ7.. ° ܒܫܘܩܐ܂ ܩܢܘܢܗ̇ ܡܫܡܠܝܐ ‎Με p slew‏ ܡܢ ܠܘܬ
ܗܢܐ ܠܘܬ ‎Lie)‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܬܘܒ ‎ele‏ ܒܝܪܬܗ̇ ܠܓܘ. ܘܒܪܡܫܐ ܘܒܝܠܠܝܐ ‎Je pe‏
‎bas aise‏ ܟܕ ‎Nase‏ ܒܕܘܒܪ̈ܐ ܗܠܚܝܢ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ ‎Loto‏ ܗܢܐ ܓܡܝܪܐ:
ܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ܗܕܐ ‎Loi à oc‏ ܗܘܐ . ܠܐ ܐܬܒܨ ܪ ܠܙܘ ܐܦ ܠܐ ܝܘܬܪܢܐ ‎L3‏
‏ܕܡܝܢ ‎fano] Miel Jin‏ ܕܬܫܬܡܠܐܼ ܡܠܬܗ ܕܡܪܝܐ ܕܠܘܬ ‎ου où‏ ܚܡܫ
ܟܟܪ̈ܘܗܝ ܕܐܡ̣ܟ. ‎Noli où‏ ܠܗ ‎sos‏ ܠܗ. ܐܠܐ ܟܕ ܪܕܘܦܝܝܝܐ ܗܼܘܐ: ܘܥܘܡܪ̈ܐ
ܟܠܗܘܢ ܕܒܚܕܪ̈ܝ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܐܬܪܕܦܘ ܡܢ ܕܘ̈ܟܚܬܗܘܢ: ܘܗܠܝܢ ‎ανν η‏ ܠܗܘܢ
‎ol‏ ܡܟܝܠ ‎un‏ ܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ܒܕܡܘܬ ܠܘܝ ܐܢܝܐ ܕܡܩܒܠ ܐ ܠܝܦܐ ܡܢ ܟܠ

] E ‏ܙܒܢܬܐ‎ 22, E ‏ܘ‎ . — 3. E ‏ܛܘܦܢܝܬܐ‎ «ο Lia: — 4. E om, Θ᾽ — à. A amat.

minister to our brethren according to our power. » And so they never ate
except from the proceeds of their labour in their house. unless perliaps one οὗ
them might be eonstrained on some oecasion to perform an act of friendship *
somewhere. Bnt in tliis way tliey were continually occupied in tliis labour, and
moreover in fasting also and prayer, and the reeital of service ; and, whenever
the blessed woman was engaged outside in miuistering to the needv, she would
perform her office κανών) in the street while going from oue to anolher, and
likewise also did lier daughter too at home as well, and αὖ vespers, nocturns,
and malins they recited service together, While then this blessed woman
was with all her power running in the line of these great praetices and in this
perfect: course of Tife, neither did she miss the great benefit derived from
another labour, in order that the. saving of the Lord to the man who lind the
five talents who sail, « He that hath to him shall be given »*, might be
fulfilled; but, when the perseention took place, and. all the eonvents ronnd
the city. were expelled. from their places, and the adversaries oceupied them,

icu that blessed woman, like a harbour aus which receives ships from all

1. pos Ó e. ceno hespilalils ἧς 2, Matth, Av. 29
