‎LIVES OF MARY AND EUPHEMIA. 175‏ ]175[
‎Leo Aaa ds‏ ܐܡܪܐ ‎s^». ans lon‏ ܪܒ ܗܘ ܡܢ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܥܡܬܐ.
‎AT‏ ܒ ܕܼܥܘܬܗ݁܂ ܐܠܗܐ ܡܿܚܝܠ. ` ܘܡܟܝܠ ܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ܗܕܐ ‎ο»,‏ ܡܬܪܘܚܐܼ
ܗܘܬ. ܟܕ ܒܪܬܗܿ ܥܡܠܐܐ ܠܣܘܢܩܢܐ ܕܝܠܗܝܢ: 1 ܘܐܝܟ ܕܣ̈ܶܦܩܢ ܠܣܢܫ̈ܩܐ ܡܡܠܝܐ
‎«Jon‏ ܘܗܼܝ ܕܠܐ ‎οι‏ ܣܓܚܐܬܐ ‎Lisa.‏ ܗܘܬ ܬܫܡܫܬܐܼ ‎jM‏ ܘܣܢܫ̈ܝܩ ܐ
ܘܡܛܪ̈ܦܐ ‎[sens‏ ܘܟܠܗ. ܟܕ ܡܟܝܠ܂ ܐܦ ܠܟܝܬܗ̇ 995 ܘܡ ܡܥܝܢܫܐ ܗܘܬ
ܘܡܢܝܚܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܡܝܢ ܥܡܠܗܝܢ . ܘܡܟܝܠ ‎Jio‏ ܡܦܝܚܣܚܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ̇ ܕܬܩܒܠ
‎lisse dr Haras JS.‏ ܘܠܐ ܡܬܛܦܝܣܐ ‎dea‏ ܟܕ ܐܡܪܐ܂. ܕܚܣ ܠܝ ܡܝܢ
‎Liso‏ ܕܐ ܟܘܠ ‎jemcle snas JL‏ ܦܓܪܝ ܡܝܢ ܕܘܥܬܐ ‎bal)‏ ܟܕ ܚܠܚܡ
ܠܡܦܠܚ.. ܘܐܤܒܠ ܒܪܘܚܝ ‎JIKselàs‏ ܕܚ̈ܛܝܗܝܗܘܢ. ܐܢܕܚܢ ܐܢܫ ܐܠܨ ܗܘܐ
ܠܗ ܐܝܟ ܕܠܩܘܒܬܐ.. ܡܬܒܕܐܫ ܗܘܐ & ܟܕ ܐܡܪܐ. ‎uoi‏ ܠܡ ܡܢ ܗܕܐ
ܛܝܒܘܬܟ .. ܕܨܒܐ ܐܢܬ ܕܬܛܪܛܫ ܒܝ ܣܝܢܐ ‎«λογο‏ ܣܦܩܝܢ ܠܝ ܡܘ̈ܡܝܚ
ܕܝܠܝ. ܐܠܗܐ ܝܗܽܒ ܒܝ ‎JL‏ ܘܒܗܝ ܡܣܟܢܬܐ ‎Nol.‏ ܥܡܝ. ܘܕܢܦܠܘܚ

‎1, Eins. et

‎work alone all day », she on her part would say', « My inother's labour is
greater than all labours; and 1 reeeive strength from God through her
prayers. » And therefore this blessed woman had a little freedom from
anxiety, sinee her daughter laboured for their own neeessities, and as far as
they were able she supplied the needy, and she herself without much
solieitude earried out the ministration to the distressed and needy and
alllicted all the day, and afterwards she would further gather them together
at her house every day and relieve them out of their labour. And in conse-
quence many would entreat her to. accept what was required for her own
necessities and those of her daughter, and she would not eonsent, saytug,
« May the Lord save me from eating the strength of human being,
and gratifying my body out of the toil of others while 3t is strong enough to
work, and receiving in my spirit the stains of their sins »., But, if anyone
pressed her on the other side, she was displeased and would say, « À truee
to this charity of yours, since you wish to pollute me with the mire of vour
sins; my own blots are sufficient for me. God puts streugth in me and in
that poor girl who is with me, both to work for our neeessities, aud to

‎]. Sie svr,
