‎LIVES OF MARY AND EUPIIEMIA. 167‏ ]167[
‎J/ JN NN‏ ܓܝܪ ‎Jp‏ ܕܨܒܘܬܗܝܢ ܠܣܕܪܐ ܕܬܫܖ̈ܥܝܬܐ ܕܩܚ̈ܕܝܫܐ. ܡܛܠ
‎οἱ»‏ ܠܐ ܪܗܛܗܝܢ° ܕܗܠܝܢ ‎"x‏ " ܡܢ ‎δι;‏ ܐܘܪܚܐ ܪܡܬܐ ܕܟܠ ܚܕ ܚܕ ‎D‏
‏ܗܠܝܢ ܒܙܘ ‎«ο‏ ܐܠܐ ܘܕܘܒܪ̈ܝܗܝܢ ‎«γος‏ ܐܦ ܠܬܫܝ̈ܥܝܬܐ ‎AD‏ ܛܘܒ̈ܢܝܬܐ

‎ταν‏ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܠܝܢ ‎JN νο‏ ܐܚܘ̈ܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ ‎ωδοι‏ ܒܦܓܪܐ. 1 ‎el‏ ܕܕܐ ܘܝ
ܕܩܫܝܫܐ ܡܪܚܡ ܡܬܩܪܝܐ ܗܘܐ . ܘܚܕܐ ‎esso]‏ ܗܕܐ ܕܝܢ ‎«auis‏ ܒܬܘܠܝܬܐ
‎Jos‏ ܐܝܬܝܪܘܿ ܗܘܬ. ܘܓܒܕܬܐ ܠܗ̇ ܡܢ ‎JAN desc‏ ܘܡܣܪܩܘܬܐ ܘܥܡ̈ܠܐ
‎Ls$o;‏ ܕܨܘܡܐ ܘܗ ܪܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ. ܘܕ̈ܠܘܬܐ ܐܡܝܢܬܐ. ‎οἱ Jie M ἭΝ νους‏
ܒܬܟܣܢܝܘܬܐ. ܗܕܐ ܗܟܝܠ ‎Roc‏ ܒܪܥܝܢܪܘܿ. ܕܬܣܩ ܠܐܘܪܫܠܡ. ܘܒܐܬܪܐ ‎loro où‏
ܕܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ ܕܚܠܦ ܦܘܪܩܢܐ ܕܟܠ ‎ΔΑΝ ἡ‏ ܒܗ ܬܣܓܘܕ ܘܬܗܦܘܟ ܠܦܘܠܚܢܗܿ.

‏ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ‎ο. ανω‏ ܩܡܬ ‎JS Rx J 5o; bor‏ ܘܐܫܬܩܠܬ
ܒܬܗܪܐ݀ ‎looo‏ ܩܝܡܐ ܬܡܢ. ܬܠܬܐ ܐܝ̈ܡܡܝܢ ܘܐܠܬܐ ‎με «t pod‏
ܘܚ݀ܙܝܢ ‎ÈS‏ ܘܨܒܘ ‎ποδῶν RNA‏ ܕܢܛܪܕܘܢܘܿ. ܘܟܕ ܚܙܘ ‎Δ»‏ ܣܒܬܐܼ
‎SR] MR uso sns‏ ܗܘܬ: ' ܘܬܘܒ ܕܒܨܠܘܬܐ ‎[sa‏ ܗܘܬ ܫܒܩܘܗܿ. ܘܡܢ ‎croi‏

‎1. EpL--2. Eee bo (sic). — 3. E o2: — 4, Mss. ‏ܘܕܘܢܬܐ‎ ; corr, v. D. and L. — 5. X ins, ‏ܗܝ‎ -
6. A with ο init. evascd.

‎not fall short of the standard of the series of the histories of the saints; since
neither is the course of life of these persons lower than that off tlie. high
path in which each oue of these walked, but their habits of life also arc
great, and surpass written narratives. These virtnous blessed womeu then
were sisters in tlie body, of whom oue, the elder, was ealled Mary, and one
Euphemia. — But this Mary was a pure virgin, and chose for herself
from her childhood quietude and renuntiation aud. great labours of fasting
and mueh watching, aid constant prayers, and exertion in the way of charily
or of pilgrimage. This woman therefore formed the plan of going up to
Jerusalem, and in the holy country in which tlie dispensation for the κακο of
the salvation of all was carried out there to worship aud return to her
employment?. When then she had gone up and prayed, she stood before
the place ealled Golgotha, and was lifted up with eestasy, and she remained
standing there three days aud. three nights, while men eame and saw lier:
and the eustodians wished to drive her away; and on seeing. that she was à
feeble old woman, and further that she was standing in prayer they let her

‎1 Sie syr. — 2. Se, 5 exercises.
