* ِ\ %( (7 (

ter.

170 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [170]

ܡܥܩܐ ܥܠ ܡܦܩܬܗ̇ ܕܡܢ ܕܘܟܬܐ ܗܺܝ ܩܕܝܫܬܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܠܗ ܙܒܢܐ ܕܚܚ̈ܝܝܗܿ..
ܬܡܢ ܡܛܝܒܐ ܗܘܬ ܕܒܗܽܘ ܕܘܒܪܐ ܬܗܘܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎Aus‏ ܘܬܘܒ ܠܡܕܢܚܐ ‎Jus‏
‏ܘܣܕܡܬ ܒܢܦܫܪܘܿ ܕܟܠ ‎«Jia‏ ܙܒܢܬܐ ܚܕܐ ܬܗܘܐ ܡܝܩܚܪܒܐܼ ܣܓܕܬܐ 1 ܒܝܕܘܟܝܬܐܼ
‎ου)‏ ܕܐܠܗܐ܂ ܒܟܠ ܗܘܢ ‎ποιο oui‏ ܣܥܪܐ ܗܘܬ . ܟܕ ܒܙܒܢܐ ܕܚܘܡܐ ܬ݀ܩܝܦܐ
‎Li‏ ܗܘܬ ܒܐܘܪܚܐ ‎δι‏ ܘܠܐ ܛܥܡܐ ܗܘܬ ܡܕܡ ‎τν‏ ܐܠܐ ܚܕܐ ܠܬܙ̈ܝܢ ܝܘ̈ܡܚܝܢ. ܟܕ
ܡܕܡ ܠܓܡܪ ܠܐ ܛܥܢܐ ܗܘܐ .. ܐܠܐ « ܐܣܦܪܝܕܐ ܚܕ ‎Jac)‏ ܕܚܪܝܙ ܗܘܐ ‎ὃν‏
‏ܒܕܪܥܗܿ.. ܐܘܪܒܘܥܐ ܚܕܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܪ ܕܝܐ ܗܘܬ . ܣܝܼܡܬ ‎OS‏ ܕܝܢ ܗܢܐ ‎αν‏ ܒܟܠ ܫܢܐ
ܟܠ ‎wo.‏ ܚܥܺܝܗܿ. ܟܢ ܗܦܟܐ ܗܘܬ ܘܡܬܐܡܢܐ ܒܨ̈ܠܘܬܐ ‎Jlassso‏ ܘܒܕ̈ܡܥܐ..
ܟܠ ‎oed‏ ܫܕܠܚܪܘܿ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܬܘܒ ‎ui‏ ܗܦܟܐ ܗܘܬ ‎Los‏ ܠܐܘܪܫܠܡ.. ` 8.330 329[
‎SO Liuiso es‏ ܥܕܡܐ ‎Je οἱ":‏ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܡܢ ܩܪܝܒܘܬܗ ܘܠܘ ܡܢ ‎$e»‏
‏ܘܡܠܝܬܗܿ ܡܣܬܥܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܗܼܝ ܕܝܢ ܡܢ ‎χο}‏ ܗܠܝܢ܂ ‎Lois ge‏ ܗܘܬ. ܘܠܐ
ܐܫܚ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ̇ ‎as]‏ ܡܝܕܡ ‎li‏ ܗܟܢ ܢܐܡܪ ܗܘܐ ‎(où‏ ܐܢܫ ‎I‏ ܗܘܐ
‎Se pet‏ ܬܘܒ ܠܐ ܙܐ ܗܘܐ ‎QM‏ ܛܒ ܓܝܪ ܙܗܝܪܐ ܗܘܐ ܢܟܦܬܐ ܗܕܐ ܡܢ ܫܘܒܗܪܐ:

‎Δ le (corr, from has3o) E3630. — 2, E om.‏ .ܐ

‎place, inasmuchas she had intended to remain there in that occupation all her
lifetime. And so she departed, and went down again to the East; aud she
determined that all her life she would once every vear offer worship in the
place where God suffered. And thus she did, travelling along that road in
tlie season of extreme heat, and she did not taste auytliiug except every other
day, while she carried nothing whatever except one small basket (σπυρίδα),
which she fastened to her arm, and one salver; and thus she travelled. 1
she impoxed this labour upon herselt every year all the. days of her life,
returning aud applying herself to constaut prayers and supplications and tears,
all tlie days of her quiet life; and so she would when her time came again
return aud go up to Jerusalem, and accomplish her vow aud come back to
her usual habits, iusomuch: that στοαὶ deeds of power were wrought by her
presence, not by her will aud her words. But she herself. shrank greatly
from sue things, aud it was not pleasiug to her that anyone should say
anvthiug of the kind to lier; aud, if anvone wished to press lier, he did not see
her agi. For this devont woman guarded herself carefully. against pride
