[191] LIVES OF THOMAS AND STEPHEN, 191

56» ‏ܕܐܝܟܐ‎ oo ‏ܕܝܠܗ. ܘܡܥܠܘܢ ܥܡܗ. ܘܥܩܒܘܼ‎ La las (ao
‏ܘܕܠܗ ܣܘܥܪܢܗ. ° ܐܬܪܓܪܓܘܢ ܐܛܝܘ̈ܒܢܐ ܐܣܬܛܦܢܐ ܘܬܐܘܡܐܼ‎ NES ° ‏ܘܟܕ ܐܘܕܥ‎
‏ܥܡܝܗ. ܘܚܕܙܘ ܠܗܠܝܢ‎ νο κ ‏ܡܫ̈ܡܫܢܐ' ܕܢܦܟܘܢ‎
‏ܘܠܗܠܝܢ ܛܘ̈ܒܢܝܬܐ.. ܘܐܬܪܓܪܓܘ ܐܦ ܠܝܠܝܗ̇ ܕܕܘܟܬܐܼܐ.‎ "opas ‏ܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ ܪ̈ܕܝܦܐ‎
Joss ο ‏ܗܘܘ ܠܗܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܐܦ" ܡܛܠ ܓܪ ܘܒܐ ܚܕ ܪܒܐ‎ ao
‏ܒܗ ܒܙܒܝܢ.‎ ὦ Ma ‏ܕܥܡܝܪ ܗܘܐ‎ jos ‏ܐܝܬ‎ Les ‏ܥܠ ܬܙ̈ܝܢ‎ “ses
ΝΕΡΑ ‏ܛܘܒܝܢܐ ܗܢܐ ܬܐܘܡܐ: ܕܚܝܠܐ‎ bo ‏ܘܐܙܠܘܼܐ' ܘܚܙܐܘܗܝ. ܘܡܢ‎
‏ܢܥܡܪ ܒܗ ܒܗ̇ܘ ܓܘܒܐ.‎ lala) ‏ܘܡܪܕܝܬܗ ܡܝܛܠܬܗ ܗܘܐ .+ ܣܡ ܒܪܥܝܢܗ‎
el ‏ܒܪ ܡܠܟܐ ܡܬܪܒܐ ܗܘܐ . ܐܝܢܐ܂‎ y ‏ܕܡܝܢ ܛܠܝܘܬܗܼ‎ ik uso μὲς ‏ܓܒܪܐ‎
‏ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܦܛܪܝܩܝܘܣ.‎ où ‏ܓܢܣܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܕܐܣܚܩܘܢܝ ܒܪ ܒܪܥܝ܆.‎
‏ܐܘܣܝܐ ܬܘܒ‎ le ‏ܗܘܐ ܘܪܒ ܘܡܝܬ ܡܝܢ ܟܠ ܕܗܘܘ ܒܡܕܢܚܐ.‎ ool, où
‏ܗܘܐ . ܘܗܟܢܐ ܓܐ ܐ ܗܘܐ‎ Lato. ‏ܘܥܒ̈ܕܐ ܘܐܡ̈ܗܬܐ,. ܘܥܘܬܪܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܗܼܘ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܬܐܘܡܐ‎

1. B ‏ܘܫܩܠܘܗܝ‎ — 2, t ‏.ܕܦ‎ — 3, B ‏ܐܢܘܢ‎ . ὦν B ‏ܗܢܘܢ ܛܝܘܟ̈ܢܐ ܬܐܘܡܐ ܘܐܣܛܦܢܐ‎ - -ὔὖ. Ώ ‏ܘܼܢܦܩܘܢ‎ —
6. D ins ‏.ܕܣܟܐ‎ — 7. B ins ‏ܗܝ‎ — s. B col. — 9 pH los sie) ‏ܐܘܥܕܗ‎ — 1o. R ‏ܕܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ‎
‏ܒܡܨܟܪܐ ,. ܕܥܥܡܪ ܗܘܐ‎ ev, — 11, B dl ‏ܘܦܕ‎ — 12. B ins. ‏.ܗܘ‎ — 13. D ins; ler — 0A ‏ܗܘ‎ D ‏[ܐܝܬܘܗܝ‎

they brought liim, and received his mzy qn' from him, and eonversed with
him; and they inquired also further where he Hived. And, wheu he had told
them all his affairs, the blessed Stephen and Thomas the deacons conceived
the desire of going out to that place: and he eonducted them, and they went
out with him: and they saw the blessed men driven out hy perseeution who
were with him and the blessed women, and the quietude of the place also
attraeted them. And they. also told them about a certain large pit that lay
near the place in the desert at a distanee of two miles, in which someone
had once lived?; aud they went and saw it. And from that time the blessed
Thomas, with whom the ehief part of the story and the course of the
narrative are concerned, formed the plan of goiug down and living in that
pit; ἃ luxurious and dainty man, who from his ehildhood had been brought
up like a king's son, who was also a descendant (γένος) of Ishakuni Bar Br'y?,
who was a patrician; who was miglity and great and eminent above all who
were in the East; and the blessed Thomas moreover possessed an estate
(οὐσία) aud male and female slaves, and wreat riches; and lie was so luxurious

1. This must be the name of the uteusil which they required, It probably represents sont Greek

word. — 2. The same is stated in Susan's case (ch. 27 , and. it is perh. 1116 sanies cave, though one
would have expeeled Susan to be mentioned as the ls occupant, — 3, Cf. 0 ‏ܝ‎ vir, s Nokdehe's
conjecture * Arsacids! (Arshakuni), hesilatingly adopted by v. D. ad ων is quile out of place.

* Bites r^ h.
ΣΑ 46 b.
