* 3] v? a.

130 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [130]

‎ο τι essa]‏ ܘܡܛܠ ‎Jio,‏ ܕܩܦܕܘܩܝܐ ܩܝܪܝܒܐ ܠܬܡܢ. ܘܗܠܝܢ
ܥܕܡܐ ܠܣܘܪܝܐ ܢܦܩܚܝܢ ܗܘܘܼ ܘܙܒܝܢܝܢ ܚܡܪܐ.. ܐܪܓܘܢ ‎à‏ ܒܕܘܟܬܐ ܕܩܪܝܒܐ
ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ.. ܘܡܢ ‎«rà‏ ܐܬ݀ܥܝܕܘ ܠܡܦܩ ܠܬܡܢ ‎RD LD‏ ܘܠܡܕܙܒܢ..
ܘܡܟܝܠ ܚܘܢܒ̈ܘ̈ܗܝ ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ܐܕܝ ° ܕܐܠܨܨܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ: ܚܠܦ ‎oà‏ ܕܠܝܬ ܗܘܐ
ܒܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ܕܢܦܪܢܣ ܠܡܣ̈ܟܢܐ.. ܟܠܬܪܘܚܫܝܢ ܗܘܘܼ ‎M)‏ ܟܕ 5,25 ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ‎«oil‏
‏ܘܚܡܥܝܝܢ܇. ܘܟܠ ܟܡܐ ‎We»,‏ ܗܘܐ ‎Hee)‏ ܟܪܡܝܐ ‎où‏ ܙܕܕܝܢܕܐ.. ‎qe‏ ܡܿܐܢ̈ܐ
ܘܡܡܦܠܓ ܠܣܢ̈ܝܩܐ. ܘܗܟܘܬ ܐܦ ܚ̈ܛܐ ‎yh Ja Mes . Lusswo‏ ܐܢ
‎Jas.‏ ܕܝܠܗ ܕܦܘܠܚܢܗ ‎ero;‏ ܣܟ ܡܕܡ ܠܐ ܘܒܩ ܕܘܐ: ܕܠܐ 5,5% ܗܘܐ
ܠܗ ܥܠ ‎JS‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܒܦܘܠܚܝܢܐ ‎Lisa μοι‏ ܥܣܪܝܢ ܘܚܡܫ ‎Late‏ ܠܗ.
ܟܕ ܠܐ ܠܫܝܢܐ ܥܐܠ ܗܘܐ.. ܘܠܐ ܒܨܒܘܬܐ ܗܕܐ ܗܡܐ ܗܘܐ ܂. ܘܠܐ ܐܝܟ ‎eis Lih‏
ܐܢܫܐ ‎ci‏ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ. ܐܠܐ ‎«M‏ ܗܘܐ ܫܒܘܩܬܗ ‎ρα,‏ ܟܠܗܼ ܘܡܬ ܟܪܟ ܒܝܬܐ
‎Jeas‏ ܘܢܚ̈ܠܐ ‎kaso‏ ܐܝ̈ܠܢܐ.. ‎Jon γεῖϑο‏ ܘܡܶܨܠܐ܂ ‎dame‏ ܟܕ ‎oen δ‏ ܐܢܝܫ
ܢܥܒܪ ܒܬܪܗ ‎»oa-ado‏ ܥܠܘܗܝ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܒܥܕܢܐ ܕܪܡܦܐ܆. ܨܒ ܗܘܐ ܠܕܘܟܬܐ ܚܕܐ

‎i. Ms, om.

‎to contain it. And, since the region of Cappadocia was close at hand, and
these men used to. go out as far as Syria and bay wine, they became aware
of the place that was elose to them, aud from that time it became their habit
lo go out thither in companies and buy : and thenecfortli the anxielies of the
holy Addai that had been troubling him because he had nothing in his
possession wherewitli to. provide. for the poor were much relieved, since he
would send from forty and. fifty denarii, and as many as came in from? that
vineyard, and buy. elothes and distribute them to the uecdy, and similarly
also corn and oil, and many articles: so that, exeept what was needed for
the cultivation of the viueyard ilself, he left nothing whatever that he. did
not liberally bestow upon the. distressed. persons. — And thus he completed
bwenty-five vears in this occupation, while he did not go into the eulti-
valed. territory or. negleet this. business, nor dil men see lim easuallv,
bnt he would carrs his stalf tlie whole day, and go abonl among the gullies
sr] ravines aud. among the Irees, and. would. kueel and pray aud weep,
Γ King care that no one should pass behind him and surprise him; and so at
cxeninz-tine he would betake himself to a certain place that he had seeretly

‎| 1 c6 . 9. : < — z. Ms. om.
