ΑΛΑ ΥΕ,
* ; 78 τοὶ

‎JOHN OF EPIIESUS [180]‏ 180
‎η»‏ | ܗܟܢܐ ܬܫܘܛܚܘܗܝ. ‎Nfal Lai] οἱ‏ ܡܢܗ ܫܘܒܩܢܐ. ‎οἱ‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܬܣܟܐ ܠܗ
)140 ܡܢ ‎“Loi‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎fins‏ ܗܘܬ ܠܗܘܢ.. ܥܕܡܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ ‎rese‏
‎So‏ ܬܬܩܛܦ ܗܘܬ ܠܗܘܢ ܒܗܿ. ܐܝܟ 2 ܕܐܡܝܪܐ ܕܣܟܠܐ ܠܐ ܐܚܡ ܠܡܿܢ
,335« ܠܗ. ° 9“ ܕܝܢ ܗܘܢܐ ‎Ηλ...‏ ܗܘܬ . ° ܕܒܟܠ ܦܪܘܣ.. ܢܣ]ܦܫܬ|4 ‎Jl‏
‏ܘܡܛܪ̈ܦܬܐ : ‎«κοι‏ ܕܒܘܝܐܐ ܐܢܢܝܐ ܚܣܚܪ ‎Jsèlo Must κο‏ ܠܗܝܢ
ܣܘܢܩ̈ܢܝܗܝܢ.. ‎aal‏ ܕ ܐܦ ܠܐ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܟܠܗ ܬܣܦܩ ܗܘܬ ‎aes JS.‏ ܐܠܐ ܘܐܦ
ܠܒܪ ܒܦܘ̈ܬܩܐ ܘܐܘܪ̈ܚܬܐܼ ܘܒܕܝܕ̈ܬܐ ܡܬܟܪܟܐ ܗܘܬ ܘܡܒܥܪܐ.. ܕܕܠܡܐ ܐܢܫ ܣܢܝܩܐ
‎5limo) οἱ‏ ܒܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܟܪܝܗ ‎Joie‏ ܐܝܟܢܝܐ ܕܦ ܠܝܣܓܺܝܐܐ ܡܫܟܚܐ ܗܘܬ
ܘܡܢܝܚܐ ܠܗܘܢ. ܘܡܢܗܘܢܼ ‎[as à sS.‏ ܗܘܬ. ‎Ἔκρομδου‏ ܠܐܟܣ̈ܘܢܕܘܟܣ ^ ܡܘܒܠܐ
ܗܘܐ ܘܡܦܩܕܐ ܗܘܬ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ. ‎Rio‏ ܡܛܠܝܬܗ̇ ܡܬܩܟܥܝܢ ܗܘܘܼ
ܘܡܬܝܨܦܝܢ. ܝܕܝܥܐ ܗܘܬ ܓܝܪ ܠܪܘܙܒܬܐ܂ ܘܠܙܥܘܖܐ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܡܢ ܪܘܚܩܐ
‎«κάδο‏ ܡܫܬܘܕܥ ܗܘܐ ‎S1 M‏ ܡܢ ܗܠܝܟܬܗܿ ‎Hr‏ ܘܩܠܝܠܬܐܼ. ܟܕ ‎Li‏
‏ܘܣܬܘܐ ܒܛܝܢܐ ‎LS‏ ܘܐܓܠܝܕܐ ܕܠܐ ‎Lolo‏ ܡܕܡ ܗܟܢܐ ܡܗܠܟܐ ܗܘܐ . ܟܕ

‎1. E Pe. — 2, E om, — 3, Mss, ‏ܬܕܥܠܡܐܝܢ‎ — ἃς E sing. — 5. E ‏ܬܐܟܣܢܝܬܐ‎ — 6, A ‏ܠܐܦܦܣܕܘܢܘܟܣ‎
‎E 50,22].

‎ask forgiveness from hin? Or how ean you expect him to deliver you from
hell? ».— And ihus she wonld pass judgment upon them, so that those who
were secular (0) were a little offended against her in aecordanee with the
saying « The fool loveth uot one who reproveth him »". But she herself was
so earüestly bent où relieving at all costs distressed and afllieted souls who
lacked human comfort and satisfving their needs that even the whole city
did not sulfiee Tor lier business, but she would even so round tlie inns and
roads aud habitations outside also and search, lest there should be any needy
man or straugeer laid up sick in one of them, so that she in fact found many
and. relieved them. And some she took into her house, and some she carried
to superintendents of hospitals, and gave eharge concerning them, and it was
chielly on her account that they were received and tended ; for «he was
known to great and small iu the city, and everyone recoguised her on `
her even. at a distance by her quick and rapid walk, since she would walk in
is way summer and wiuter in mud and «now aud frost withont anything
wliever ou. her feet, with her toes bruised and her nails toru out and the

‎1. Ταὐτὰ xv, 0.
