+ ,\ ΛΑ rh.

* 10 7 65

178 JOUX OF EPHESUS [178]

‎ead‏ ܗ̈ܘܝ ܠܒܪ. ‎Jil)‏ ܗܘܬ ‎HA los‏ ܘ̈ܛܠܦܚܐ ‎-.Lopo‏ ܘ݀ܥܒܕܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܚܡܐ
‎JLs=500‏ ܗܘܬ ܡܢ ‎[aces‏ ܠܪ̈ܡܬܐ ‏ ܛܠܦ .ܐ ܘܝܪܩܐ܂. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܢܝ̣ܝܚܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܗܘܢ
ܟܠ ܟܡܐ ܕܨܝܒܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܟܕ ‎Lo‏ ܚܚܘܡ ܐ ‎oo‏ ܒܬܫܡܒܫܬܗ̇ ܡܬ ܥܢܝܐ ‎Jon‏
‏ܘܬܘܒ ‎*slo‏ ܗܼܢܘܢ ܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ ° ܣܘܥܪ̈ܢܐ܂ ‎Jh‏ ܢܠܝܐ ܡܫܕܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎AS‏ ܘܟܕ ܡܢ

‏ܟܠ ܦܢ̈ܝܢ ‎δία‏ ܨܝܒܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܝܘܬܗ̇ ܡܛܠ ‎ρα.‏ ܕܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ:° ܘܙܥܪ
ܠܗ ܥܡܠܗܝܢ ܠܩܘܒܥܗܘܢ.. ܡܬܐܠܨܐ ‎loot‏ ܕܡܬܔܠܔ 7 ܕܬܢܝܚ ܠܠܛܘܪܦܝܗܘܢ.
ܡܛܠܬܗܘܢ ܬܩܒܠ ܣܘܢܩܢܗܘܢ.. ܟܕ ‎BR‏ ܥܡܗܘܢ 1 ܠܐ ܛܥܡܐ ܗܘܬ ܡܢܗ.
ܘܐܢ ܓܕܫ ܘܢܫܬܟܚܘܢ ‎οἱ‏ ܝܩܚܪ̈ܐ ‎vp‏ ܗܘܘ ‎oS‏ ܕܬܣܒ ܥܡܗܘܢ ‎[Naja‏
‏ܡܝܬܝܐ ‎ài Loo‏ ܒܬܠܬܐ ‎"eh‏ ܘܟܠܗ ܚܦܚܝܬܘܿ. 200 ‎[se‏ ܗܘܬ ܩܕܡܝܗ..
ܘܘܟܢܐ ܐܟܠܐ ܗܘܬ. ܐܢ ܕܝܢ ‎«e Me‏ ܗܘܘ ‎Ενα”)‏ ܕܝܕܥܝܐ ܕܣܢܝܩܝܢ ܨܐܐ !
‎ο... sm‏ ܢܦܩܐ ܗܘܬ ‎Jljle‏ ܠܘܬ ‎ἢ its Las!‏ ܘܬܒܥܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܗܘܢ
ܩܛܝܪܐܝܬ܂ ܟܢ ‎μὲ‏ )2 ܡܢܐ ܣܥܪܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܠܘܐ ܡܫܝܚܐ܆. ‎où‏ ܕܛܒ̈ܬܟܘܢ

‎lE om, 2 E 905 - 3, E ‏ܬܘܡܛܠ‎ «αὶ E PQ os — ὃς E eS]. — 6. E sing.

‎she would therefore buy wheat and lentils and lierbs, aud make bread and
cook lentils and lierhs from evening to eveniug, and thus she would relieve
thou, às many as eame, while she herself was oceupied in her ministralion
the whole day, and moreover also he hfessed men too were ceasclessly
retitting(? matters to her”. When accordingly they eame to lier from all
quarters où account of her love toward God, and the produce of their labour
was too small to provide for them, she was compelled, in order to relieve their
distresses

‎[ον Uieir sake. Lo accept what was necessary for them, while she
never joiued them in tasting ofit Aud, ii happened that there were some
reverend men among then ho eonstratued her to receive the blessing with
them, she would bring a triple porüon? of her bread and all that she
required and set it before her. and so eat. But, if it happened that strangers
whom she knew to be in. need and not known in the eity came, she would
` out and go to some persons of high position, and inake instant demands
of Them, saving ` « A mighty matter itis that von do toward. Christ,
whose property all vour good things are. And now Io! you are smearing otf

‎1. VE des of pusiness er charils? Or vendor *were sendiac Hinge lo her. ± 2. Three 9 Or

‎nno! gore doi che atc?
