‎LIFE OF SIMEON TIIE BISHOP. 147‏ ]147[
ܠܐ ܚܝܢܢ ‎Sas‏ ܥܡܟܘܢ. ܗܿܝܕܝܢ ‎odis‏ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܫܡܥܘܢ.. ܗܠܝܢ ‎cool‏
‎occ Ho‏ ܘܐܦ ܐܬܬܚܕܘܼ ܘܠܐ ܝܕܥܘ ‎hao‏ ܢܥܕܒܕܘܢ. ܕܢܗܼܦܟܘܢ ܡܢ ܕܪܫܐ܂. ܓܘܚܟܐ
ܗܘ ܠܗܘܢ.. ܡܛܠ ܕܗܼܢܘܢ ‎os)‏ ܕܪܫܐ. ܘܕܢܡܬܥܥܘܢ ‎wo)‏ ܘܢܐܕܟܘܢ܂. ܟܘܐܪܐ ܗܘ
ܠܗܘܢ . ‎τοδὶ‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܬܘܒ ܛܘܒܢܐ ‎NI Mona‏ ܕܬܕܪܫܘܢ ܥܡܢ 95« ‎ANI‏
‏ܥܠ ܡܨ̈ܥܝܐ ܘܫܡܘ̈ܥܐ ܕܒܝܢܬܢ ܣܢܝܩܝܢܢ.. 1 ܕܠܐ ‎Νου‏ ܒܒܓܠܐ ܣܦܝܩܐ. ܐܠܐ
‎Iso‏ ܦܬܓܡ̈ܐ ‎Lis‏ ܘܡܫܕܬܪܝܢ܂. ‎ph bass λογο‏ ܐ ܢܡܠܠ. ‎où «ol‏
4 ܫܡܘ̈ܥܐ ‎EN} LS‏ + ܚܢܢ ܠܡܪܙܒܢܐ ܕܡܿܠܟܐ ܕܐܝܬ 559[ ‎wel Es‏
ܠܗܘܢ ܗܼܘ. ܘܠܐ ܚܥܢ ܥܪܩܝܢܢ ܡܢ ܕܝܢܕܗ ܕܡܪܙܒܢܐ. ܗ݀ܝܕܝܢ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܟܢܝܢܐܝܬ
ܠܘܬ ‎«M Ha‏ ܗܘܘ ܕܢܕܘܢܘܢ ܥܠ ‎ais‏ + ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎οἷν‏ ܗܕܐ ܒܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ
ܐܠܗܝܬܐ ‎shMe]‏ ܕܐܦ ‎fai, ils‏ ܢܬ ܟܪ ‎jh‏ ܫܪܝܪܐ ܕܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ܬܪܝܨܬܐ.
ܘܟܕ ܝܬܒܝܼܘ ‎aise he Ssod‏ ܕܢܡܠܠܝܘܢ.. ‎wel‏ ܠܘܩܕܡ ܩܬܘܠܚܟܐ ‎L3‏
‏ܕܫܡܗ ܗܘܐ ܒܒܝܢ. ܐܝܟ ܡܶܢ ܕܗܼܘ ܪܒ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ‎sad»‏ ܡܪܝ ‎Ka‏
‏ܠܫܘܠܛܢܐܟܘܢ ܘܠܝܪܒܘܬܟܘܢ.. ܕܗܠܝܢ ‎bul‏ ܒܡܠܕܒܒܝܐ ‎Jaca»,‏ ܐܝܚܬܝܗܘܢ.
ܘܗܝܡܢܘܬܗܘܢ ܥܡ ܕܪ̈ܗܘܡܝܐܼ ܐܝܬܝܗܿ.. ܘܖܵܐܙܨܐ ܕܡܠܟܘܬܐ܂ ‎Maa‏ ܪܶܗܘܡܫܐ ܡܥܒܪܝܢ.

‎ion, then ueither will we ourselves hold diseussion with yon” ». Then at
the sight of the blessed Simeou these men were astounded and disturbed; and
they were also eaughlit and did not know what to do. To deeline the debate
would bring ridieule upon them, since it was they who had originated the
debate ; and again to speak and be defeated would bring disgrace upon them.
The blessed Simeon again says to them : « 1! you desire to debate with us,
we need umpires and an audience to hear the diseussion between ux, lest we
fall into empty talk, But let us in the presence of 011 upright audience
speak a few words that will refute and be refuted ». They say to him: « If
you want an audience, we ou our side will ask ihe king's marzban who is
here ». Ife on his side says to them : « Neither will we refuse to aceept
the marzban's decision ». Then all together were going to a Magian to
argue about. the faith; even as this too was brought about hy divine dispen-
sation, that even through the heathen the true mystery of the. right faith
might be proclaimed. And, when they had taken their seats opposite one
another and begun to diseuss, the great catholicus, whose name was Babai ',
inasmueh as he took precedence over all, first said : « My lord, we inform
your high excellency that these men are the king's euemies, and their faith

‎1. 499-504.

‎* 35 v" b,
