«× ‏ܠ‎ ra.

136 JOHN OF EPHÉSUS. 1136]

ܡܢ ‎sS‏ ܠܐ ‎cal‏ ܡܢ ܕܢܥܝܪ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ‎μακρῶν‏ ܕܪܕܘܦܝܐܼ. ܘܗܟܢܐ
ܙܒܢ̈ܬܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܬܐ ܩܡܘܢ ‎[sto sesso‏ ܕܪ̈ܕܘܦܝܐ1:. ܘܐܬܠܒܟ ‎«Ple aculeo‏
‎VINE‏ ܘܐܬ݀ܒܨܪ ܩܢܘܢܗ. ܟܕ ܫܒܬܐ ‎ble‏ ܘܥܕܡܐ ܠܝܪܚܐ ܥܒܕܝܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ
‎“λαβὰς‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܠܩܘܒܠܐ. ܘܦܣܕܩ ܒܪܥܝܢܗܼ ܕܐܦܠܐ ‎où oo‏ ܡܕܡ ܕܟܠ ܗܘܐ
ܥܓܡܪ ‎s)‏ ܟܡܐ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܒܫܘܥܒܕܗܘܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܗܢܘܢ ‎Joss sas‏
‎he °‏ ܫܒܐܩܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ. ܥܕܡܐ ‎vA:‏ ܗܘܘ ܚܚܘ̈ܗܝ ܠܡܬܛܠܩܘ. ܟܝܕ
‎bon rl‏ ܙܟ ܐ ܠܢ 3 ‎oot‏ ܕܚܢ ܚܝܠܬܢܐ ܗܟܢܐ ܘܦܣܝܩ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ‎ον»‏
‏ܕܥܕܡܐ ܠܫܘܠܡܐ ܡܕܡ ܡܝܢ ܕܟܦܘܪܙܵܐ܂ ܠܐ ܢܛܥܡ. ܘܗܟܢܐ 2130« ܗܘܘ ܒܝܗ
ܘܫܒܝܩܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ. ܟܕ ܠܐ ‎xp‏ ܗܘܘ ܠܡܪܦܝܘ ܚܝܕܘܬܗ ܕܒܐܠܗܐ. ܘܟܕ ܒܥܙܝܪܘܬܐ
ܩܫܝܬܐ ‎yn‏ ܗܕܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ: ܘܬܘܒ ܒܪܕܘܦܝܐ. ‎Lis‏ ܕܝܪܐ ܬܡܝܙܗܬܐ ܘܡܫܪܪܬܐܼ

ܘܪܒܬ ܐ܂. ܒܬܩܢ̈ܬܐܼ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܬܐ. ܡܛܠ ܕܐܦ ܐܘܡܢܐ ܡܗܼܝܪ ܬܪܥܝܬܐ ‎Was‏ ܐܘ̈ܡܢܘܢ
ܐܝܚܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ. ܘܒܕܢܐ ‎Moe :,3bso‏ ܠܗ ‎fus‏ ܬܪ̈ܬܥܣܪܐ ‎y-h 3j xs‏
ܗܠܝܢ. ܗܺܝ ܕܝܢ ܡܢ ܦܓܪܐ ܒܣܗܕܘܬܐ ‏ ܛܒܬܐܼ ‎aJ o‏ ܡܕܡ

1. Ms, 157-0». 805. — 2, Ms. ‏ܐܗܘ‎ — 3. Ms. with points; — 4. Ms. sing,

Then Satan again, who wishes to restraiu men from good actions, did
not neglect to stir up against the blessed manu the trial of perseeution ; aud so
the assanlts of persecutions often atlacked liim, and he was arrested and
imprisoned aud ill-treated, and he did not give way aud allow his rule (κανών)
to be relaxed, while the adversaries kept him in prison à week aud two
weeks and as mucli as a month; aud he determined in his mind that even
the very (ood. that he. was in the habit of eating he would not taste at all
as long as he was under their power. Aud so they by Satau's machination
would leave hiur until his life was approaching: dissolution, saying, « This
man defeats us ». But the. valiant man was so determined in his soul that
down to the end he tasted nothing that came from the renegades. And thns
Hey. were continually defeated in him and left him, not being able lo weaken
his fortitide in God. While he was oceupied with such severe ascetieism,
and moreover with perseeution, he built an admivable, substantial, large
monastery, with mauy excellent details of construction; sinee he was also a
craftsman witli intellectual skill in all cralts. And he built and finished it,
and bvelve years were completed by him ii such labours. Then he departed
(νο thi body, bearing good testimony, nothing whatever having been found

