‎LIVES OF MARY AND EUPIIEMIA. 171‏ ]171[
ܘܡܩܦܚܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܬܫܒܘܚܬܐ ‎Rois‏ + ܕܕܠܡܐ ܬܘܒܕ ‎ak sas‏ ܕܝܢ ܐܘܦܡܝܐ
ܕܛܠܝܐ ܗܘܐ ܡܢܗ̇ܢ. ‎a Rs‏ ܠܓܒܪܐ ‎Kaas‏ ܗܘܬ . ‎JLiso‏ ܚܕܐ ‎loot‏ ܗܘܬ 8
‎luct JU‏ ܡܢ ܙܥܘܪܘܬܗ܂ ‎MN‏ ܐܠܗܐ ‎Joa Lie‏ ܠܗܿ. ܒܬܪܟܝܢ ܕܝܢ
‎τα D v a.‏ ܕܓܒܪܗܿ ܕܗܕܐ ‎Ne‏ ܕܝ ° ܐܘܦܡܚܐ ܡܟܝܠ ‎àliso‏ ܙܥܘܪܬܐ ܥܡܪܐܼ ܗܘܬ. ܐܝܟܢܐ
‎9l‏ ܡܢ ‎^as, [ead‏ ܡܟܝܠ ܟܕ ܠܘܬ ‎ass‏ }1 ܘܠܝܕܘܒܕ̈ܝܗ̇ ‎kr‏
‎jon‏ ܡܢ ܢܘܓܪܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ‎ho‏ ܕܒܪܐ ܗܘܬ ‎Aus‏ . ܒܛܝܟܣܝܐ ܕܢܟܦܘܬܐ ܘܒܐܣܟܡܐ'
ܕܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܚܝܐ ܗܘܬ . ܟܕ | ܡܙܡܘܙ̈ܐ ܝܠܝ̣ܦܬ. ܘܠܒܪܬܗܽ܂ ܐܠܦܬ. ܒܪܬܗ̇ ܓܝܪ
‎τον.‏ ܐ 6 ‎οὐ‏ ܬܕܪܝܬ ܒܝܕ ܕܛܠܝܐ ܗܘܬ . ° ܘܒܡܙܡܘܪܖܐ ܘܒ̈ܟܬܒܬܐ ܘܒܟܝܪܐ܂ ܙܗܝܪܐܝܬ. ܘܡܢ
ܗܝܕܝܢ ‎Les‏ ܡܬܚܡܐ ‎Noo Js wo JKasasls‏ ܗܘܬ . ‎LS‏ ܘܕܐܚܡܡܐ. ܘܟܕ
ܒܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ ‎óngpsos foraso‏ ܕܚܬܗܿ ܡܬܒܩܝܬ ܗܘܬ .. ‎a‏ ܛܟܣܐ ܐܚܪܢܐ ܕܪܡ
ܘܡܿܥܠܝ ܡܝܬܕܒܪܐ ‎oo‏ ܟܕ ܐܦ ܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܡܫܡܫܐ ܗܘܬ( ܘܗܺܝ ܕܙܙܝܪܘܬܐ܂. ܘܗܢܐ
‎foie Less‏ ܗܕܐ ܕܝܢ ܬܡܝܪܙܘܬܐ ‎"Maas‏ ܒܪܥܝܢܗܿ.. ‎[sec‏ ܢܝܘܟܝܪܝܐ
ܕܠܝܬܘܗܝ ‎qao‏ ܥܒܕ ܝܝ ‎AN ss‏ ܠܐ ‎SES do αυ‏ ܗܘܐ.. ‎οἱ 2a‏

‎1. A ‏.ܗܝ‎ — 2. E jns τ — 3, K ‏ܬ ܕܥܠܝܡܘܬܐ‎ — 4, E, ‏ܘܒܐܣܟܝܡܐ‎ -- 5. E pl. — 6, E ‏ܘܕܘܼܦܪܵܐ‎ Ha

‎19:5. Dane ‏ܕܬܗܘܐ‎ ον ‏ܕܢܙܝܪܘܬܐ. ܘܥܡ ܗܢܐ ܘܟܠܗ ܓܕܒܬ‎ [os — 7. A corr [rom Se. — ‏ܘ‎ E
ΣΝ

‎and repressed vain glory, lest she should lose her labour. But her sister
Euphemia, who was younger than she, had in her childhood been united to
a husband, and had had one daughter, who herself also had been trained
from a tender age in religion. — But afterwards, since this woman's husband
bad died, Euphemia herself and her little daugliter formed the household,
insomuch that she thenceforward came to herself! from the secular order
of life, and turned to the practices of her sister which she had been praetising
for a long time, and lived in the order of devoutness and in the religious
habit (σχῆμα), while she also learned the psalms by licart, and taught them
to her dauglter; for her daughter also had while she was a child been
splendidly trained iu the psalms aud in the Scriptures and in haudwriting.
ο service and for

‏ܒ

‎And from that time she appointed fixed hours for recitin
tlie. prayers, those of the night and those of the day; and, while observing
her sister's asceticism and the rest of her practices, she hersell practised
another high and subline order of life, while she in fact carried out both,
the observance of abstinence and the practice of relief of the distressed. — But
this admirable woman decided in her mind not to introduce into her house
other men's bread that was not gained by the work of her hands; and, il it

‎1. Luke, xv, 17,
