.ܘ ”ܐ 33 *

‎JOHN OF EPIIESUS. (132]‏ 132
ܡܬܚܙܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ ܠܗ. ܘܐܚܟ ܗܽܘ ܕܒܪܘܚܗ ‎SAT‏ ܒܢ .. ܡܟܝܠ ܐܝܟ ܚܚܘܬ ܒܪܐ
‎Lis‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ. ܘܚܪ ܕܢܐܙܠ ܒܓܒܗ ܕܛܘܪܐ ܒܪܗܼܛܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎Je dé ML‏
‎Ro‏ ܕܫܒܘܩ ‎JUS‏ ܘܨܠܐ ܥܠܝܢ. ‎onmes Jio‏ ܘܢܕܥܝܩܗܼ ܠܐ ܪܕܦ̣ܢܢ
ܒܬܪܗ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎DS‏ 1 ܘܒܝܼܬܢܢ܂ ܘܠܐ ܐܫܬܗܝܢܝܢ ܠܚܙܬܗ ܕܩܕܝܫܐ. ܬܘܒ ܕܝܢ ܐܝܟ
ܡܶܢ ‎lis‏ ܗܘܐ ‎unc‏ ܡܢ ܟܘܠ ܦܪܘܣ ‎fo‏ ܘܠܡܥܡܠ ܒܬܪ ܬ ܐܓܘܪܬܐ
ܛܒܬܐ ܘܝܩܝܪܬܐ ܕܒܘܪܟܬܗ ‎J .. ο‏ ܡܗܡܐ ܗܘܝܬ܂ ܘܠܐ ܗܟܢܐܿ. ܐܠܐ ܘܒܬܪ ܙܒܢܐ
ܬܘܒ » ‎RO Sans Mn‏ ܟܕ ‎Rés‏ ܐܦ̈ܝ܂. ܕܥܕܡܐ ܠܬܪ̈ܝܢ ‎cR‏ ܐܢ ‎Joàl‏
‏ܗܪܟܐ܂. ܠܐ ܐܫܢܐ ‎«e‏ ܛܘܖ̈ܐ ܗܠܝܢ! ‎yh νο‏ ܡܢ ܠܒܕܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ. ܟܕ ‎ES‏
‎amas‏ ܐ݈ܢܐ. ܕܢܫܘܝܢܝܚ ܠܡܘܗܒܬܐ ‎Jar‏ ܘܒܥܕܢܐ ܕܛܗܪܐ ܒܦܠܓܘܬ ܝܘܡܐ.. ‎x‏
‎IS LM‏ ܚܕܐ ܪܥܒܪ ܡܢ ܪܘܚܩܐ.. ܘܚܬ ܡܝܢ ܛܘܪܐ ‎hais‏ ܡܛܠ
‎Lames‏ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ‎Lio IS pes‏ ܢܦܢܢ ‎yn‏ ܢܚܝܼܙܐ ܠܢ ܘܢܥܪܘܩ. ܘܡܛܠ
ܕܛܗܪܐ ‎aote Sa] Lino‏ ܗܘܐ .. ‎γρ Jes‏ ܘܬܘܒ ܒܝܼܪܡ. ܘܩܘ ܗܘܐ ܘܦܢܛ ܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ
ܠܫܡܝܐ ܟܕ ܡܬ ܡܬܚ ‎Jon‏ ܒܕܡܘܬܐ ܕܨܠܝܒܐ. ܘܗܘܼܐ ‎Des‏ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܐܦ̈ܝ

‎1. Corr. from | ‏ܛܘ‎ «So

‎aware of us in his spirit, he therenpon like a will beast turned aside, and
set his lace to. go down the inountain-side at a run. When ] saw that the
old mau was running, 1 cried out : « Forgive us, father, and pray for us ».
And, in order not to vex and annoy him, we did not pursue after him; and so
we went in and passed the uight, and we did not obtain a sight of the saint.
jut again, inasmuel as my mind was ardently bent on running and labou-
ring aller the wood aud preeious merchandise of the old mau's blessing at all
costs, even so [| was not remiss in the matter, but also after a time again I
directed. my steps to these mountains. having determined, « 11:1 am here
ax much as two months, 1 will not depart from these mountains until ] am
blessed by tlie bondman of God. ». entreating our Lord to grant me this gift.
And at noontide in the middle of the day we saw the old man passing over a
certain elear space some distance off, aud coming down from peak to peak,
hecause there was a gap between; and we kept ourselves close lest lie should
see us and run away. And, because intense noouday leat prevailed, ho
` and praved. aud next he knelt down, and he stood up and stretched out
his bands to heaven, expanding himself in tlie form of a cross; and he
continued for a long time until about the niuth hour’, and then he sat down

‎1. Thus i ust apps. be 4 P. M. bul in olher places the hours seem lo be reckoned ‏ܐ‎ midnight
umba ad tope nete en clu 13,

‎amont unes ‏ܫ‎

‎—» à -

‎- _

‏ܢ ܕܢܝ ܝܢ
