2

.

Dt".

154 JOHN OF EPHESUS. 1444]

‎Θ Jane‏ ܟܠ ܐܝܟܐ ܕܬ݀ܒܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ ܕܪܫܐ܂. ܩܕܡ ‎[asks‏ 35 ܗܘܐ ܥܡܗܘܢ.
‎La» po‏ ܡܘܬܒ ܗܘܐ ܕܢܗܘܘܢ ܥܡܿܥܝܢ ܒܫܢܬܗܘܢ.. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎αὐ»‏ ܗܘܐ ‎Aaa o‏
‎ls‏ ܗܘܐ ‎«oo‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ;© ܠܐ ܡܢ ܡܬܘܡ ‎νο, sy‏ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܒܕܪܫܐ.
ܘܡܟܝܠ ܐܢ ‎A‏ ܘܨܒܐ ܗܘܐ ܚܕ ܡܢ ܐܦܫ̈ܣܩܘܦܐ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ ܕܢܥܝܪ ܕܪܐ ܥܡ
ܐܢܫ ܡܢ ܡܶܗܝܡܬܐ܂. ‎a‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܘܩܕܡ܂ ܕܐܝܟܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܫܡܥܘܢ ܡܢ
ܥܒܪ̈ܝ ܐܘܪܚܐ܂. ܐܘ ܡܢ ‎Noms, va‏ ,. ܘܗܝܕܝܢ ° ܡܡܠܠ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ‎él‏
‏ܕܝܠܨܦܘ ‎opuo‏ ܡܛܠ ‎où‏ ܕܐܦ ܣܛܛܢܐ ܠܐ ܡܙܕܟܝܢܐ ܫܡܥܘܢ ܕܪܘܫܐ ‎«4o‏ ܗܘܘ
‎oS‏ ܕܐܝܟܐ ‎Jun) oet NS]‏ ܕܚܕܐ ܒܢ ܠܗ ܠܦܪܨܘܦܗ ܥܠܘܗܝ ‎xao‏ ܗܘܘ.
ܡܛܠ ܕܒܟܠ ‎Qr‏ ܒܪܘܬܬܐ ܥܒܕ ܗܘܐ ‎soos‏ ܟܕ ]5[ ‎soos Joe 9o‏
ܘܳܥܒܕ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܕܐܦ ܡ̈ܓܘܢܐ ܢܔܓܚܕܟܘܢ ܥܠܚܗܘܢ. ܟܕ ‎MAR οι‏ ܠܗܘܢ
‎Jae LS‏ ܡܘܬܒ ܗܘܐ ܪܝܢܶܐ܂. ܘܗܟܙܐ ܩܕܡܝܗܘܢ ܐܝܟ ‎His‏ ܫܪܒܝܐ ܕܗܝܡܢܘܬܐܐ
ܐܡܥܪ ܗܘܐ. ܘܗܼܢܘܢ ܠܗ ܙܟܘܬܐ ‎x‏ ܗܘܘܢ. ܘܥܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܓܪܬܟܚܝܢ 9000(
ܘܡܟܝܠ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ܠܚܝܡܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܡܼܩܛܠܗ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܢܓܿܗܘܢ ܡܢܗ. ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ
‎E‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܠܐ ܝܕܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ ܒ̈ܐܦܐ ܘܫܡܿܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎SAS‏ ܡܬܠܚܡܝܢ

‎and doctors, insomuch that, wlierever they. asked. him to debate, lie would
debate with them before an audienee and would set up umpires to hear the
discussion between them, and so he would debate and would refute them
and put them to shame, so that on no single occasion was he defeated by them
in debate. And therefore, if it happened that one of their bishops wished
to originate a dehate with any of the believers, he would first inquire ! from
travellers, or from anyone who eame in his way wliere Simeon was, and then
would speak, saviug. « Inquire ' and see as to the man whom they used also
to call the iuvineible Satan Simeon the debater where he is »; so that once
they were asking Tim himself? about him?, because. everywhere he was
iullictiug shame upon them, defeating and refuting them, and causing even
He. Magians to. laugh at them, since he would often set up the Magians
themselves as judges, and thus before them as judges plead the eause of tlie
faith, and. they. themselves would adjudge the victory to him, and laugh at
these men, Aud therefore many were threatening to Kill him, in order to rid
Uiemselves of him: and above all those who did not know him by sight and
^on eceustomed to hear about hin used to threaten him: and for this reason

‎9o. Ca : δάνομαι, < often used in (hi suse: τος p. 39. n. ὃν τον 2. Lit, ‘his own person

‎SD νο 75 8.6 helew pe 9. 116 same story is dold of James ch. 49,

‎|
