MERE MEN

156 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [150]

JA Sel; ‏ܗܢܐ ܟܘܠܗ‎ jas ‏ܣܦܩܝܢ ܕܢܩܒܠܝܘܢ‎ LS le ‏ܟܪ̈ܛܒܝܣܐ‎

ܪ ܐ ܘܢܓܚܪ̈ܬܐ ‎Jlosllss‏ ܘܠܐ ‎οι Sos Sm s c À‏ » ܘܡܛܠ ܗܳܝ

ܕܫܪܪܳܐ ܕܟܬܝܥ̈ܬܐ ܕܠܐ ܡܕܤܒܪܢܘܬܐ ‎famous‏ ܢܟܬܪ. ܥܒ ܕܐ ܣܝܵܕ݂ܘܵܢ ܐ ‎Loi‏

‎ΕΝ.‏ ܘܐܣܝܡ ° ܐܢܘܢ .. ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎sas‏ ܟܝ̈ܬܝܒܬܐ. ‎Ro‏ ܕܐܦ ܝܪܝܢ ܐܢܘܢ

‏| ܠܡܗܝ̈ܡܢܐ ܕܒܐܬܪܐ ܕܦܪ̈ܣܝܐ܂. ܐܝܟ ܕܣ݀ܿܒܪ ܐܢܐ܂ ° ܠܥܠܝܡ. ܘܒܗܘܢ ܡܟܝܠ
ܙ ܘܝܡܢܘܬܐ ܕܟܠ ܥܡܐ ܒܠܝܢܢܗ. ܡܢ ‎ai‏ ܐܦܚ̈ܣܩܘܦܘܗܝ ܟܬܒ ܗܘܐ. ܘܛܝܒ̈ܥܐ

‏ܕܝܢ ܠܥܠ ܡܝܢ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ‎oe:‏ ܕܥܡܐ ‎où‏ ܘܕܐܦܝ̈ܣܩܦܐ ܕܝܠܗ ‎ο πο‏
ܒܐܒܪܐ ‎S4)‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܣ̈ܕܘܢܐ ܗܠܝܢ.. ܘܗܟܢܐ 35256 ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܗܟܢܐ ܒܟܘܠ »250348«

‎Kaas,‏ ܠܫ̈ܢܝܢ ܕܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ ܣܝܿܥܪ ܗܘܐ .. ܟܕ ܡܬ ܟܪܟ ‎Kaso‏ ܗܝܡܝܢܝܘܬܗܘܢ

‏ܘܛܒ̈ܥܐ ܕܡܠܟܘܬܗܘܢ ܘܕܪ̈ܝܫܝ ܟܗ̈ܢܝܗܘܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܗܝܡܢܝܘܬܐ ܕܥܡ̈ܥܡܐ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ
ܘܕܠܫ̈ܢܐ ܣܓܺܝܐܐ ܒܣ̈ܕܘܢܐ' ܗܠܝܢ ܟܢܫ ܗܘܐܼ. ܘܗܼܦܘܟ ‎αλ‏ ܘܐ ܙܠ. ܘܥܠ
ܕܗܶܦܟ .+ ܡܝܬ ܡܠܝܟܐ ‎où‏ ܕܒܚ̈ܘܡܝܬܗ ܐ ܙܠ ܗܘܐ ,. ‎wo Lisioio‏ ܕܗܘܘ

‎1. ο ins, in marg. in another hand. — 2. | ins. above linc. — 3. Corr. from 3e. — 4, Ms. sing. 4

‎he reflected, « What parehments (χάρτης) and what rolls are capable of going
through all this wear of loug and protracted journeys through the countries
without being torn to pieces? » — And for this reason, and in order that tlie
certainty of the writing might remain without suspicion of alteration, he made
great linen. eloths aud. medieated them, so that they might take writing,
which also will. | think, be preserved by the believers in the land of the
Persiaus for ever; and on them he would accordingly write the belief of every
people in their own language from their archbishops, and above the belief he
allixed the seals of the. king of that people and of the bishops of the same
aud of their chief men in lead upon these cloths, and thus eonfirmed it, acting
thus among all peoples and all longues among the helievers δ, going about
and taking their belief aud. the seals. of their soverans and of their high-
priests, And thus he eollected the helief of many peoples and of many
tongues on (hese eloths. Δ he turned back after seven years and went
away εν Στ uud, while he was on his way. back, the king in whose days he had
started died, aud the magnates who had been umpires, and his son sueceeded

‎. Lil Monophysiles,— ΤΙΝ eefore he went only ἰὼ those who agreed. Μα him. What kings

‎bpo cbe f Ring of Abyssiniu and an Arat shaikh or two are meanl is not easy (0 see, — 2. This
% dg ve, crop in froiu. below. — 2. Kawad, who d. Sept. 53t.

