[145] LIFE OF SIMEON THE BISIIOP. 1^5

ܗܘܘ ܠܗ. ܘܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ‎on»‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܥܠܡܚܐ ܫܒܝܩ ܗܘܐ ‎Slo e‏ ܕܩܢܗ.
ܡܛܠ ܕܒܐܬܪܐ ܕܦܪ̈ܣܝܐ ܕܩܢ̈ܚܗܘܢ ܕܥܠܡܝ̈ܐ.. ܟܡܐ ‎vox‏ ܡܿܪܒܝܢ ܘܡܩܝܡܝܝܢ.
ܘܡܛܠܗܕܐ ܠܐ ܐܢܫ ܝܕܥ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܕܠܘ ܥܠܡܝܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ.. ܐܠܐ ܡܢ ‎vum‏
‏ܡܦܣ ܗܘܐ ܒܗ. ܘܟܕ ܙܠ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܬܢܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܢ ܕܢܥܘܠ ܠܚܕܐ ܡܢ ‎A‏
‎mas)‏ ܩܠܝܖ̈ܝܩܘ ° ܕܚܿܬܒܚܝܢ ܥܠ ܬܪܥܐ. ܘܐܝܟ ܕܠܐܟܣܢܝܐ ܕܐܬ݀ܐ ܡܢ ܪܘܚܩܐ.
ܫܐܠܘܗܝ܂ ܕܡܢ ܐܝܟܐ ‎ο]‏ ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܐܡܪ ܠܗܘܢ ܕܐܐܒܣܢܝܐ ܐܝܬܝ , ܐܡܪܝܢ ܠܗ.
‎vases jx‏ ܠܟ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܽܘ ‎ANR‏ ܕܪܘܦܐ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ‎Re ye‏ ܒܗܘܢ.
ܘܕܠܐ ܢܕܥܘܢ ܕܗܘܝܘܢ. ܐܡܪ ܗܼܘ. ‎loto]‏ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ ܘܥܒܝ̣ܪ. ܟܕ ܫܡܿܥ ܠܗܘܢ
‎Jon exe‏ ܡܢ ܕܝܠܝܢ ܗܘ , ܘܫܡܝܥ ܠܗ ‎où‏ ܟܕ ‎XM Exo‏ ܘܡܛܠ
ܗܕܐ ‎oe] |o‏ ܡܢܗ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎$a»‏ ܘܐܙܠ .. ܟܕ ‎υο où‏ ܡܫܐܠܝܝܢ ‎Jo eoo‏
ܐܫܬܘܕܥܘܗܝ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎κ)‏ ܗܘܘ ܡܢܗ ‎yo Vas‏ ܢܣܛܘܙܝܢܘ. ‎ae‏ ܬܘܒ
ܒܙܒܢ ܘܐܙܠ ܕܢܣܥܘܪ ܠܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ ‎JI)‏ ܕܢܥܡܝܢ. ܘܟܕ ‎jp‏ ܩܬܘܠܝܩܐ 5(

1. Ms. ‏;ܚܬ ܗ‎ see below.

he had left his hair and also his beard like that of a layman; because in the
country of the Persians they allow the beards of laymen to grow and increase
as much as they can; and for this reason no one kuew that he was not à
layman, unless it were someone who was very well acquainted with him.
And, when he was, as he used to tell us, on the point of entering a certain
city, he found some elergymen (κληρικού) sitting at the gate; and they asked
him as a stranger coming from a distance, « Wheuce do you come?» And
he said to them, « Lam a stranger ». They say to him : « Where have you
heard that that Simeon the debater is? » And he turned round and looked
at them; and, that they might not know that he was the man, he on his part
said : « Woe for those same men », and passed ou, hearing them say, « This
man is one of ours, and he has heard him crying out against us, and for this
reason he eries * Woe for him »; and thus he passed on and went away,
while tliey asked him about himself, and they did not recognise him; and so
the Nestorians dreaded him everywhere. Once again he set out and went
to visit the believers iu. Hirthad Nu'man; and the great catholicus of Arzun ',
having sent and learned that lie had gone to Hirtha, sent to the bolieving

1. Arzanene. From p. 147, L 16, ib is clear that the only Nestorian eutholicus, Ihe. bishop of
Seleucia, is meant.
PATR, OR. — 'r. XVIL — F. 1. 11

* 30 ‏ܐ‎ b.
