[127] LIFE OF ADDAI ΤΗΕ CHOREPISCOPUS. 127

ܘܐܢ ܕܝܢ ‎Je‏ ܢܥܕܬܐܕܐ ܠܐܟܦܣܘܪܝܐ. ܗܼܘ ‎Ke?‏ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܟܕ ‎σοι‏ ܫܡܥ܂ ܚܨܕܝ. ܘܦܢܐܝܚ
ܠܗܘܢ ܦܬܐܓܡܐ܂ ܟܕ ‎x]‏ ܕܡܢܘ ]5[ ܟܝ ܕܠܐ ‎Weaaaó‏ ܥܠܘܗܝ ‎xS pel‏
ܐܢܬܘܢ ܟܠ ܡܶܝܢ ‎Ko:‏ ܒܗ ‎Liams) Jio:‏ ܕܥܡ ‎.fuusdo‏ ܡܟܝܠ ܠܡ ‎t‏

ܕܡܫܝܝܝܐ ܠܐܦܒܣܘܪܝܐ ܡܢܟܘܢ ܡܥܬܕܐ.. ܐܦ ‎ae‏ ܡܢ ‎NN‏ ܠܢ ܕܥܡܗ ܢܝܬ ܕܐ
ܡܢܟܘܢ. ܘܠܐ ܟܕ ܥܡܟܘܢ܂ ܢܗܘܐ ‎.Jians‏ ܡܢܗ ‎fau‏ ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܼܢܘܢ ܗܠܝܢ
ܕܠܘܬܗ ܐܘܐܬܕܪܘ: ‎ouo‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܫܡܕܥܘܢ. ܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ݁܂ ‎IE‏ ܪܒܐ ܡܬܠܚܡܝܢ
ܗܘܘ ܥܠܘܗܝ. 13 ‎yh JS Sad "elo LR‏ ܫܘܘܕܝܟ ‎Sol‏ ܡܛܠ
ܕܬܘܒ ܗܪܟܐ܂ ܠܐ ‎NI Nul μάλ‏ ܐܐ ܘܥܡ ܐܢܬ ܘܡܩܒܠ ܐܢܬ ܐܝܟ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ
2-583 ]. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ‎ο σος ο ον ο νο‏
‎ον‏ :2+ ܗܘܐ ܠܝ ܐܚ ܕܠܣܗ̈ܕܐ ‎bore‏ ܠܡ ܕܒܚܘ: ܡܛܛܘܠ ܦܘܩܪܢܗ
ܡܦܝܣܝܢ ܗܘܝܬܘܢ ܠܝ (ܕܐܛܦܝܣ ‎EN‏ ܥܠ ܕܡܿܠܟܐ ܗܘ: ܘܐܕܒܝܝ ܠܦܬܘܕ̈ܐ *
ܗܝܢ ܩܡ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܠܥܝ̈ܢܝܗܘܢ ܘܟܙܬܫ ‎uA M‏ ܘܡܪܗ.. ܘܡܠܠ ܥܝܡܗܘܢ܇
‎Jine‏ ܟܕ ‎x5]‏ ܕܟܠܢܫ ܢܙܕܗܪ ܒܢܦܢܗ. ‎ο‏ ܫܒܘܩܬܗ ‎due‏ ܟܕ ‎πε‏
‏ܐܐ ܬܐܣܒܪܘܢ ܠܟܘܢ ܕܥܠܡܐ ܟܠܗ ܐܠܘ ‎oo Lio‏ ܪܒ ܗܘܐ ܠܝ ܡܢ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ

1. In erasure. — 2, Ms. with points*..

driven into exile (Zoztx). But tlie saint on hearing these things rejoiced; aud
he answered them, saving ` € Who then (άρα) is there, prax, who will nol
take upon himself as vou suppose (everyone who has sense in him) exile
(sx) with Christ? Now that Christ is being driven into exile (εξορία) Dv
you, would that we also may be banished hy vou rather than by. becoming
renegades with vou be banished by him». When therefore the men who
had been sent to him heard these things from him, they went on nttermg
great menaces against bim in great Wrath, threatening and saving, « Prepare
yourself to meet a fate that is iu accord. with your assertion: sinee you shall
uot live here longer, unless yon make ‏ܠ‎ and siguify | aeceptanee
according to the king^s order ». But he, when he heard these words, laughed
at them, and said : « Ες pray, there had happened to be a king who ordered
me to sacrifice like the holv martyrs, would vou on account of his order have
urged me to obey 0 because he was King, and saerilice to iduls2» — Then
the blessed inan. arose. before them and gathered tlie inmates of liis convent
together, and spoke many words with them, saying, « Let every. man
beware ». And he took. his stalf and went out, saving : « Think not lo
yourselves that, jf 1 possessed the whole world, it would be more (o. me

® 0 ¥ b,
