Πα: LIFE OF SIMEON ΤΗΕ BISHOP. 141

ܘܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܠܘ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܡܢ ܗܪ̈ܣܚܘܛܐ.. ܐܠܐ ܘܡܢ 55 ‎fra‏ ܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܡܿܦܢܐ ‎Jon‏
‎had‏ ܕܐܦ ܒܙܒܢ ܐ̱ܢܫܐ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܢܐ ܘܝܕ̈ܝܥܐ ܬܠܬܐܼ܂. ܬܠܡܕ ܗܘܐ ܡܝܢ .55 ‎μας‏
‎gl peso‏ ܘܟܕ ‎axes‏ ܟܢ̈ܘܬܗܘܢ ‎asso‏ ܡܢ ܡܓܘܢܘܬܐ ܘܗܘܼܘ ܟܪ̈ܣܠܛܝܢܐ..
ܐܘܕܥܘ ܠܡܿܠܟܐ ܡܛܠܬܗܘܢ. ܘܣ݀ܒܕܠܘܐ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ .. ܕܐܸܢ ܒܫܪܪܐ ‎anser‏ ܘܠܐ ܟ̇ܦܪܝܢ
ܒܟܪܣܛܝܢܘܬܐ܂ ܢܡܘܼܬܘܢ'. ° ‎qme‏ 4 ܗܠܝܢ ‎oed.‏ ܠܟܠܝܐܐ ‎lies‏ ܟܕ ܚܕܙܘ
‎αμα‏ ܘܤܫܦܐ ܕܡܿܠܝܟܐ.. ܠܐ ‎Jo aus‏ ܙܠܝܼܘ. ܟܕ ‎oo el‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ,. ‎Lees‏
‏ܕܤܣܗܕܘܬܐ܂ ܕܚܠܦ ‎parer Lie‏ ܐܒܢ ‎amoo EU‏ ܠܘܩܒܠ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ ܘܣܝܦܐ
ܕܢܨܦܩ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ. ܘܐܸܡܿܪܝܢ܂ ܕܚܣ ܠܢ ܕܢܟܦܘܪ ܒܐܠܗܐ ܚܝܐ ‎pa:‏ ܫܡܝܐ ‎ile‏
‏ܘܒܟܒܪܗ ‎Liso‏ ܝܫܘܥ ܡܫܝܚܐ܆. ܗܽܘ ܕܩܪܢ ܘܩܪܒܢ ܒܛܝܒܘܬܗ ‎ος‏ . ܕܢܟܦܘ
ܒܗ ܬܘܒ ܘܢܣܔܓܘܕ ܠܒܕ̈ܝܬܗ ‎Sade‏ ܗܝܕܝܢ ܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܒܬܪ ܝܘܡܬܐ
ܥܣܪܐ ܕܡܘܠܝܕܗܘܢ ‎μοὶ‏ ܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܒܣܗܕܘܬܐ ܛܒܬܐ ‎ας‏ ܒܝܕ ‎JLaso‏
‏ܩܠܝܠܐ ܕܣܫܦܐ. ‎ooo‏ ܕܚܢ ܗܢܐ ܛܘܒܢܐ.. ܒܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ܂ ܕܠܐ ‎Lis‏ ܢܦܝܩ ‎.Joo‏ ܘܡܶܙܗܪ
‎Ἴοοι‏ ܘܡܬ ‎ia. séo DO‏ ܘܡܟܝܠ ‎das‏ ܐܪܥܐ ‎ans os)‏ ܗܘܐ. ܘܠܘ ܒܠܚ ܘܕ

PE

1, A stop follows, — 2, Ms. glass.

would turn many to God not only amoug the heretics (αἰρεσιῶται), but also
among the Magiaus; so that he onee even converted three wreat and dis-
tinguished men among the Magians and baptized them. And, when their
companions heard that tliey had turned away from Magism and become
Christians, they informed the king about them; and they received an order
that, if they had really turned away and would not deny Christianity, they
should die,

But these men, who showed themselves worthy of a crown of life, when
they saw tlie threat and the king's sword, were not afraid nor dismaved,
while tlie blessed man also armed them with the enthusiasm of martyrdom
for the sake of eternal life, and they resisted the order and the sword that
had gone out against them; and they say, « Far he it from us to deny the
living God who made heaven and earth, and his Son the Lord Jesus Christ,
wlio ealled us and brought us near to him by his grace, that we should deny
him again and worship iustead of him the things that he created ». Then
teu days after their spiritual birth these blessed men departed to God by the
quick death of the sword, bearing good testimony. But this blessed man
continued to go out among the countries without ecasing, and 10 warn and
make disciples and convert. And accordingly his fame went out over the
whole land, and not only that of the Persiaus but that of the Romans also;

* ur b.
