1 (155] LIFE OF SIMEON THE BISIIOD. 155
4

[Im ‏ܘܐܝܡܢܝ̈ܐ. ܟܠ ܟܡܐ ܕܐܝܬ‎ Le ‏ܕܡܫܝܚܐ. ܒܡ̈ܡܕܢܚܝܐ‎ ον
‏ܒܡܕܢܚܐ ܘܓܪܒܚܐ ܘܬܝܡܢܐ .)ܐ‎ σ ‏ܣܒܪܬܐ ܕܐܘܢܓܠܚܘܢ‎ «συ
fe ‏ܘܒܠܡ ܪܗܛܗ ܬܡܢ.‎ ee ‏ܠܡܥܪܒܐ ܕܚܢ ܒܠܚܘܕ.. ܥܕܡܐ ܠܡܕܝܢܬ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ‎
‏ܛܒܐ‎ Sosa ‏ܕܣܠܝܼܩ,. ܒܟܪܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܝܠܝܢ ܕܬܡܿܥܢ. ܐܠܗܐ‎ MWh ‏ܒܙܒܢܬܐ‎
‏ܕܡܛܠ ܫܡܗ: ܟܕ ܚܕܙܐ ܨܒܝܢܗ ܕܓܒܪܐ܂‎ μα ‏ܕܠܐ ܛܠܝܡ‎ où ‏ܘܡܪܚܡܢܐ:‎ "svp
μα ipe ‏ܕܠܐܘܬܐ ܕܫܠܫ̈ܚܐ ܢܠܐܐ ܕܠܐ ܩܘܛܥܐ. ܠܐ‎ 2à ‏ܡܝܢ‎ ip» ‏ܘܛܢܝ̣ܢܗ: ܘܕܠܐ‎
‏ܢܡܠܠܘܢ.‎ JH. La tM “sol ‏ܡܘܗܿܒܬܗ ܗܝ ܕܠܫ̈ܠܝܚܐ‎ loa ‏ܐܦ ܠܐ‎
‏ܒܗ ܒܠܫܢܗ‎ +, fon ‏ܕܗܘܳܐ‎ JA ‏ܒܗܽܘ ܝܘܡܐ‎ «οἷς ‏ܟܠ ܥܡܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܥܐܠ ܗܘܐ‎
Ie] 5 ‏ܘܗܟܢܐ ܘܐܦ ܬܘܪܓܡܐ ܕܥܠ‎ «οὐ» Jo ‏ܡܡܠܠ ܗܘܐ ܥܡܗ.. ܟܕ ܡܘܕܐ‎
m ele ‏ܘܒܚܕ ܗܕܐ ܡܘܕܐ ܗܘܐ‎ Jo p Jon ‏ܒܡܕܬܐ ܕܥܡ̈ܡܡܐ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܕܐܙܠ‎
‏ܗܘܝܬ ܓܠܝܐܝܬ܂ ܕܣܕܥܪܢܝ ܐܠܗܐ‎ Mee ‏ܠܝܡ ܣܘܥܪܢܐ‎ οι»; ‏ܟܕ ܡܿܕܡܥ.‎
| ID xt ‏ܐܬܚܫܒ ܗܘܐ‎ .uuso ‏ܛܝܒܘܬܗ ܘܪ̈ܚܡܼܘܗܝ‎ JLs Jo ‏ܘܚܐܚܠܢܝ܆.‎

| 1. Ms, ‏ܗܘ‎

‎set out and travelled in all eountries in which the preaching of Christ had‏ | ܪ
‎set foot, eastern and northern and southern, wherever there were peoples‏

‎and Kingdoms to whom the preaching of the gospel (εὐχγγέλιον) had penetrated,
in the cast and the north aud the south; but. toward the west he came only
| as far as the royal eity, and he ended his course there, the third time that he

‎came up", while we were present there, 11:8 good and mereiful God there-
fore, who does not fail to reward zeal for his name, on seeing the man's
purpose of mind and his zeal, and that he underwent weariness (10 less than
that of the apostles without shrinking, himself also hestowed upon him in
no less degree than upon them his 3 that was given to the apostles, of

‎speaking with new tongues. For, whatever people's country he eutered,
on the third day that eame he would speak with them in their own tongue,
thanking God who hid visited him. And so also he even delivered ‏ܒ‎
‎sition in the chancel (βῆμα) iu the ehurches of all the peoples to whom he
! went; and on this account he would deelare and say to us with tears, « In
this matter | recognised clearly that God had visited me and strengthened
me, and that ο had not withheld his grace aud his merey from me < But

‎1. The second occasion is not mentioned, unless two visits are here intended, tlie tliird being
that recorded below (p. 137, ‏.ܐ‎ 6).

‎N
