128 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [128j

‎flics‏ ܕܒܡܫܝܚܝܐ. ܗܐ ܐܦ ܠܐ ܠܚܡܐ ܠܚܘܡܐ ‎Nas‏ ܟܕ ܡܬܛܪܕ ܐܢ :. ܡܢ
ܗܢܐ ܟܠܗ ‎Hot‏ ܕܡܢ ܛܠܝܘܬܝ ܪܗܶܛܬ ‎mins λαο Asso‏ ܗܘ ܠܝ ܓܝܪ

‎*

‏ܕܡܡܬ ܐ݈ܡܽܘܬ܂. ܘܠܐ ܕܐ :ܫ ‎vio 22s‏ ܕܒܡܪܢ ܝܫܘܥ ܡܫܝܚܐ ܢܐܣܪܩ. ‎πο‏

‏ܢܢܝ ܘܣܬܠܝܼܩ ܠܛܘܪ̈ܐ ‎lad‏ ܘܬܩܫ̈ܦܐ܆. ܕܒܡ̈ܡܕܢܚܘܗܝ ‎où hi‏ ܗܠܝܢ ‎Jac:‏
‏ܪ̈ܘܪܒܬܐܼ ܒܠܚ ܘ ‎Χο κ...‏ ܡܬܛܘܠ ܚܣܝܢܘܬܗܘܢ. ܘܗܘܼܐ ܬܡܢ ‎bee μι‏
ܟܕ ܡܣܬܝܒܪ ܥܩܕ̈ܐ. ‎Jesse» Iso‏ ܘܡܬ ܟܪܟ ‎Jl pee‏ ܘܡܿܒܟܐ ܠܐܡܕ̈ܝܗ̇ ;»|
ܬܡܝܡܬܐ ‎κάδον‏ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܢܦܝܠܝܢ ‎[31s cils‏ ܣܕ̈ܘܚܐ ܟܦܘܪ̈ܐ. ܘܡܝܢ ܒܬ ܪ
‎μι‏ ܝܕܝܥܐ܂. ‎αλ]‏ ܛܘܒܬܐ ܠܐܢܫܐ܂ ܘܐܫܝܼܬܡܥ ‎μα‏ ܘܐܦ ‎oies mis‏ ܒܥܐܘܗܝ
ܒܒܛܝܠܘܬܐ܂ ܘܩܡܘܢ ܥܠܘܗܝ. ‎ao‏ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܕܡܢܐ ‎./οοι‏ ܡܛܠ 0« ‎her‏

‎NI ‏ܐܠܐ‎ os ‏ܥܠ‎ QD τας ‏ܟܢܚ.. ܠܘ‎ og ‏ܗܘܘ‎ STE ‏ܗܥܝܢ‎

‏ܡܢܗ̇ ܟܡܐ ‎spl‏ ܘܢܦܟܩܘܪܿ. ܘܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ ‎-a236 a,‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܕܠܦܪܢܣܘܢ
ܠܡܶܡܣܟܢܐ ‎μονο‏ ܘܠܐܪ̈ܡܠܬܐ. ܡܝܢ ‎où‏ ܫܪܟܢܐ ܕܦܕܫ ‎AO‏ ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܡܛܘܠ

‎τι Eraxed ‏ܗ‎ follows.

‎than the teur faith in Christ. Lo! F have not taken even bread for the day
now Ihat 1 ani expelled from 1 ‘this course of life in which 1 have run and
labonred. aud gathered! from my vouth. [t is. better for me to die than
that auvoue should make my boast in our Lord Jesus Christ vain? ». Aud so
he departed and. went up to the rugged. towering mountains that are in
the east of that distriet, in which nothing except great. beasts is to be found
on account of their inaecessihility ; and he was there Tor a considerable time
supporting hiiisellon roots, and passiug the nights in caves, and going about
and praviag, and weeping lor the sheep of Clirist's innocent flock, how thoy
had 0 into the hands of malignant apostate wolves. And, after à
considerable time, the blessed mau was seen by certain men, and news of him
wax heard; and the inmates of his monastery. also sought for him carefully,
aud they diseovered. him: and he learned. from them what had happened:
because, after those who were eondueting the perseeution had seen that he
himself had. departed, they. did not trouble. themselves much about his
monastery, but look all the plunder that they could froim it, aud left it. And,
when he earned. these things, he eontinned. enjoiniug them to provide foe
he poor and the orphans and the widows ont of the remnant that had been
left to them. But he, où aecount of the rigzeduess. of the mountains and

‏ܫ

‎"ρα profil” 2. H Cor. INL.
