[169] LIVES OF MARY AND EUPHEMIA. 169

‎£v‏ + ܘܬܗܝܪܐ ‎τς [aaso‏ ܐܝܟ ‎Jus Jobs ου où‏ ܟܕ ܩܒܝܥ ܒܩܝܣܐ ‎pu‏ ܬܡܝܢ.

‏ܕܗܟܢܐ ܟܕ ܟܠ ‎Χο.‏ .|| ܗܘܬ ܒܬܡܗܐܼ ‎fe) CE‏ ܐܝܟ ‎οἱ Js‏

‎Sec s ο) Lise ‏ܚܝܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܒܗܿ. ' ܘܗܟܢܐ‎ sr ‏ܐܝܟ ܚܕ ܡܢ ܣܟ̈ܐ‎ ΣΑ να.

‏ܬܠܬ ‎A‏ ܘܡܝܢ ܒܬܪܟܢ ܐܬܘ ܠܬܡܢ ‎ve μυὶ‏ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ ܘܡܦܣܝܢ
ܒܬܡܝܗܘܬ ܕܘܒܪܗܽ܂. ܘܐܫܟܚܘܗ ܕܝܬܒܐ ‎Joe ais vele JS Pis‏
‎-,&s‏ ܘܬܗܝܪܐ܂ ܘܒܟܝܐܼ. ܘܟܕ ܚܙܐܘܗܿ܂. ܢܦܠܘܢ ܣܓܕܘܢ ‎“οἱ «ὀρθδα5 also «δν‏
ܕܝܢ ‎Roll‏ + ܡܛܠ ܕܠܐ ܨܒܝܐ ܗܘܬ ܕܢܕܥܘܢܗ̇ ܒܢܝ̈ܢܫܐ ܬܡܢ. ܗܝܕܝܢ ܗܢܝܼܘܢ ܐܢܥܐ
‎xS‏ ܒܝܕܩܘ ‎μοῦ,‏ ܥܠ ܓܡܝܚܪܘܐ ܕܘܒܪܗ̇ ܕܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ܕܡܢ ‎dla)‏
‏ܘܥܕܡܐ ܠܣܝܟܘܬܗܿ. ܘܐܡܝܗܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎SDS‏ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܗܠܝܢ ‎y‏
‎[sus FILS JA.‏ ܗܘܬ ܒܡܿܝܢܝܗܘܢ: ‎où y-le‏ ܕܡܛܠ ‎LA Joss)‏
ܗܘܬ ܬܡܢ ܕܬܐܚܐ ܦܓܪܢܐܝܬ.. ܐܝܟ ܕܠܪܒܬܐ ܘܩܕܝܫܬ|' ܫܪܝܘ ‎COS ans‏ ܟܕ
ܡܦܝܣܝܢ ‎σοὶ ο ο Js D‏ ܕܚܢ ܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ‎yb‏ ܡܶܢ ‎Άν‏
‎Less‏ ܡܢ ܒ̈ܢܙܫ ܐܢܫܐ ‎Raul‏ ܘܬܘܒܕ ‎oon‏ ܒܪܫܥܬܗ ‎οι»‏ ܡܢ ܬܡܝܢ. ܟܕ

‎4. E l2. — 2, E (sie) IR aoro ‏ܗܠܝܢ ܐܢܫܐ‎ - - ἀν ES ‏ܕܫܝܛܬܐ‎ — ἀν Over erasure in A; ‏ܝ‎ ins.
above line.

‎in ecstatic wonder and weeping, just as if she were looking at God fasteucd
to the cross and standing there, with the result that, while she sat there
in admiration every day, those who saw her looked upon her as a mad
woman, or as some old person who had become sillv; and thus she
completed three years there in her praying. Aud afterwards some persons
who knew her aud were well acquainted with her admirable modes of lle
came thither and found her sitting before Golgotha with her eyes raised and
looking at it, and weeping with eestatic wonder. And on seeing her they
fell down and made obeisance to her, and saluted her; but she was troubled,
because she did not wish that men should know lier there. Then these
persons told many about the perfect modes of life of the blessed. woman
from her childhood down to her old age, aud many marvelled at her. And
theneeforth those in whose eyes she had been reckoned as a foolish. old
woman, and as if she sat there for the sake of charity in order to live tlie
bodily life, began to honour her as ἃ great and holy woman, entreating her
to pray for them. But the blessed woman when she saw it, inasmuch as she
was struck with fear lest she should be lionoured by mes and lose her labour,
fled thence immediately, being distressed at her expulsion from the holy

‎*

‎ΜΠ
‎τὸ
