[107] LIVES OF SIMEON AND SERGIUS.. 107

‎ye ORAS;‏ . ܘܠܟ ܠܘܬ ܐܦ ܣܩܦܐ ܢܘܒܠ. ܗܼܘ ܕܚܢ ܛܘܒܙܐ ܒܚܪܝܦܘܬ ܛܢܢܗ
ܐܡܪ ܠܗܘܢ ܒܫܡܥܘ̈ܡܬܐ. ܕܐܸܢ ܒܥܪܪܐ ܦܩܝܕܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܬܥܝܼܩܪܘܢ ܘܒܝܿܥܝܢ ‎gu]‏
‏ܢܪܓܐ ܩܕܡܝܐ ܐܢܐ ‎hé;‏ ܐܢܐ ܒܪܘܿ. ܘܡܢ ܩܕܡܝܟܘܢ ‎Les NI‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ.. ܠܘܬ ‎où‏
‏ܕܘܬܕܪܟܘܢ܂ ܠܐܠ ܐܢܐ. ܘܟܕ .)9 ܗܿܢܘܢ ‎anus o9 o Mx‏ ܡܢܗ. ܘܐܡܿܪܝܢ ‎AS‏
‏ܕܢܥܕܩܪܝܗ̇ ‎fps‏ ܦܩܝܕܝܢ ܚܢܢ܂ ܘܡܿܛܝܒܝܢ. ܕܬܥܘܠ ܕܝܢ ܠܘܐ ܐܦܚܣܩܘܦܐ
ܐ ܒܥܝܢܢ ܠܟ. ‎xm‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ‎do)‏ ܥܩܠ ܢܪܓܗ ܩܕܡܝܐ.. ܘܐܩܕܬ ‎νο‏
‏ܘܐܡܪ ܠܗܘܢ . ܬܘ. ܗܐ ܫܘܒܚܐ ‎ERNST. AB‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܗܘܘܢ. ܒܚܕ
‎fa.‏ ܥܩܪܘܗ̇ ‎JS‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܬܚܬ. ܘܗܼܘ ‎LS‏ ܗܘܐ ܥܡܗܘܢ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ‎aies‏
‎Maso coto NE‏ ܗܘܐ ‎[axo NI.‏ ܘܟܝ̈ܐܦܐ ܘܢܫܕܘܢ ܠܒܪ. ܐܡܪ ܠܗܘܢ.
‎nuns ντ ον‏ ܒܫܪܪܐ ‎is‏ ܐܢܐ ‎Las a; ons‏ ܟܦܘܪ̈ܐ ‎sand‏
‏ܛܝܒܘܬܐ.. ܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ ܡܡܩܟܠ ܗܘܝܬ ܛܝܒܘܬܟܘܢ܆. ܕܥܡܝܼܠܬܘܢ ܥܡܝ ܗܪܟܐ. ܘܟܕ
‎NO y‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܡܢܐ ‎pleas‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܟܕܢܟܘܢ ܕܬܗܦܟܘܢ ܠܟܘܪ̈ܚܐ ‎“λοι‏
‎mondes cos νο ως‏ ܡܛܥܬܗܘܢ.. ܒܝܕ ‎2à‏ ܕܒܣܘܪܗܒܐ ܐܬܒܢܼܝܘ.

‏ܘܗܫܐ ‎sam‏ ܐܢܐ ܒܡܪܢ ܝܫܘܥ. ‎οι»‏ ܕܝܪܐ ܕܒܫܪܪܐ ‎Lis‏ ܐܢܐ ܗܪܟܐ. ‎vae]‏ ܠܗ

‎have been ordered (o pull your monastery down, and conduct. von to the
bishop ». Bnt the blessed man in the fervour of his zeal said to them with
oathis : « 1f you are in truth ordered to pull down and desire to do so, lmysell
will lay the first ax to it; and, if il is your desire, ( will go in before. vou
to him who sent you ». When those men saw that he was veady, τον were
afraid of him; and they say to him : « We are truly ordered to pull it down
and are prepared to do so; but we do not desire vou Lo come in lo the
bishop ». Theu the blessel man was the first to run and take his ax,
and he fixed it in the wall and said to them : « Come, here is glory to our
Lord ». And they, because they were manv, pulled the monastery. down
to the ground in one day; and he himself was assisting them to do the work
of demolition. But, when they had finished their task, and he was Limeell
urging them to drag away the wood and stones and throw them outside, he
said to them : « Listen now, evil wicked men. In truth 1 sav fo vou that, if
renegades against grace deserved it, 1 would thank von greatly for labouring
with mie. here. God. without your 5 9 aware of what vou. have done
constrained you to subverl these huts, as to which E was truly exercised iu
my mind in consequence of tie faet tlial they were huilt in haste: and now I
trust in our. Lord Jesus that 1 shall now build a iionastery indeed. here ».

‎Ya,
