× 5 ‏ܒ‎ D.

m JOIN OF EPHESUS. το ΟῚ
‏ܒܠܚܝܘܕ‎ sas «429 ‏ܗܘܘ..‎ Rd Ja: Ho es IL ne +,0001
‏ܗܘܘܼ ܘܠܣܓܝܐܐ > ܗܘܘ ܘܚܘܝܫܝܢ 000,. ܘܠܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܒܝܢ‎ wai Je VE
d ‏ܘܕܠܐ ܪ̈ܚܡܐ‎ Mb ‏ܗܘܘ. ܘܠܣܓܺܝܐܐ ܬܘܒ‎ «Ὁ βοῶν Jio 385 Ια»
‏ܠܗܘܢ‎ Jo μι} ‏ܠܗܘܢ‎ DE) ‏ܗܘܘ. ܘܠܐܚܖ̈ܢܐ ܩܛܝܪܐܝܬ ܡܫܥܒܕܝܢ! ܗܘܘܢ. ܘܟܕ‎
‏ܘܒܚܘܛܪ̈ܐ ܦܘ̈ܡܝܗܘܢ ܦܬܚܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ.‎ IRC ΨΥ je» ‏ܚܡܪܐ‎
‎3h84 ‏ܕܗܠܝܢ‎ Jas 92 ‏ܗܘܘ. ܘܟܕ ܗܥܝܢ‎ LS ‏ܘܩܘܪܒܢܗܘܢ ܒܦܘ̈ܡܝܗܘܢ‎
spl ‏ܕܝܢ‎ Loos Je sis: loo ‏ܕܝܠܝܗܘܢ‎ sl ‏ܐܝܟܢܐ‎ coût Ke
le ‏ܗܘܘ.‎ Ka) Hero ‏ܠܘܬ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܣܪܓܝܣ ܬܠܡܝܕܗ ܕܣܒܐ. ܡܢܗ ܓܝܪ‎
‏ܐܝܟ ܕܒܦܝܣܐ ܠܡ ܘܒܚܚܘܒܐ.. ܘܚܚܼܙܘ‎ οσα» ‏ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ‎ Jo ‏ܓܚܪ‎ Jas) ‏ܩܕܡ‎
‎oq ‏ܗܘܘ ܒܗ.‎ LS ‏ܕܒܦܫܝܛܐ‎ y ‏ܕܨܒܝܙܗ. ܟܕ ܣܒܕܪܘ ܗܼܢܘܢܼ‎ Hosni.
‏ܗܘܘ ܡܢܗ. ܘܡܛܠܗܕܐ‎ «55 La ‏ܓܠܝܐܝܬ ܡܚܪܡ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ. ܡܛܠ‎ rex
‏ܕܒܩ̈ܠܐ‎ «aise ου) e: ‏ܕܚܘ̈ܫܒ ,ܗܘ‎ Lena ol 0 ‏ܠܘܐ ܬܠܡܝܕܗ‎
‏ܟܢܘܢܬܗܘܢ‎ So? ‏ܗܘܘ‎ cs 2 ‏ܦܓ ܘܬܢܐ ܕܢܝܥܐܝܬ ܢܡܥܥܘܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ:‎

pow erased. — δ. Ms, ‏ܦܐܣܝܛܘܐ‎ 2. Points. above Ihe line follow.

expelled many hy the nse of barbarian troops. and many they arrested and
unpriscud, and mauy lies drove Lo death by stripes iutlicted with rods, and
manuy again 11:6 greedily and mereilessly plundered: and others they reduced
to submission by force, and, when men had ealen and drunk wine and meat.
they wonld open their moultlis with lashing' hides 242752: and rods, aud stulf
tlieir oblatian into their months. When theze things Were being done in the
very villae in which these blessed. men ved finasmueh as jb was in fact
inbahited hy real charehment, at first they went straight to the blessed
Sergius the old man's disciple; for of the saint himsell νου. were alraid ; for
indeed some tme before also they lind used blandishinents witli him under the
cloulk of persuasion aud alfection. aud they zw Lie visour of his disposition.
when they. on their part thought that they were deeeiving hint as ἃ simple
quan: for he ou liis side went on apendy analliematizing them. 'l'herelore Uiey
sank from him: and for this reason thes bout 1116 whole mass of their plans
in the direction of his diseiple- And, when they went and began to speak
evaftily τὸ him with conne words, while they praised che. head of their

coureur tion, hat is Hieir bishop?; and wished to deccive aul sav, € There

1 6 σλενα 1 να α Abraliani οἱ ‏ܐ‎ 1 Vene δὲν Ὁ 11... Zach. Uh. x. 2; Mich. ‏ܨ‎ 2:2,

