nn LIVES OF ABRAHAM AND MARO. 57

Jul ‏ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ ܠܐܣܛܘܢܐܼ ܗܼܘ ܣܬܩ. ܘܟܕ ܚܙܐ ܗܘܐ ܐܚܘܗܝ ܕܫܡܗ ܡܪܘܢ!.‎ JLass
‏ܚܠܝܡܐܝܬ. ܟܕ‎ 7] sos o ‏ܠܐܘ ܪܚܐ ܡܢ ܡܬܐ ܣ ܩܕܡܝܐ‎ δια ou ‏ܐܦ‎
‏ܥܕܡܝܐ‎ λοι ‏ܗܘܘ ܕܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ‎ Jim» cp il NT ‏ܡܟܝܠ ܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ‎
‏ܕܢܩܒܠܘܢ ܐܦ ܡܘܗܒ̈ܬܐ ܕܪܘܚܐ. ܟܕ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܒܪܗܡ ܡܩܒܠ ܗܘܐ ܕܢܥܒܕ ܐܦ‎
κοι ‏ܠܥܠ. ܐܚܘܗܝ ܕܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܡܪܘܢ! ܡܢ‎ οοι ‏ܟܕ‎ Jia No ‏ܐܣܘܐܐ‎
‏ܛܒ ܣܪܝܩܐ ܡܩܢܝܢ‎ ΝΕ Le eaa] ‏ܥܪܩ ° ܗܘܐ ܟܕ ܐܡܪ . ܡܪܝ‎
‏ܘܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ܒܗܠܝܢ ܡܬܓܘܣܢ ܢ ܗܘܘ(. ܗܼܘ)'‎ Lakes ‏ܡܛܥܝܢ‎ SU ‏ܐܢܫ‎
‎penso .JUso ‏ܗܘܘ ܠܡܬܐܣܝܘ ܐܚܕ ܗܘܐ ܬܪܥܗ‎ els Jon ile ‏ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ܗܠܝܝܢ‎
‏ܙܩܦ ܗܘܐ‎ aa so ‏ܡܝܢ :ܐܝܠܢܐ ܚܠܝܠܐ ܓܘܪܦܐ° ܪܒܐ‎ Liass ‏ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܓܝܪ ܡܢܗ‎
‏ܐܝܬ‎ ‘as ‏ܕܣܝܓܬܐܼ. ܘܩܐܡ ܗܘܐ‎ "ie ‏ܒܓܘܢܝܐ ܚܕܐ‎ so ‏ܟܕ‎ «934
‏ܗܘܐ ܐܡܬܝ ܕܨܒܐ ܗܘܐ.‎ «ass quo ‏ܗܘܐ ܕܝܢ ܬܪܥܐ ܙܥܘܪܐ'. ܘܟܕ ܢܦܫܗ 5[ ܗܘܐ‎

ܕܝܪܐ ܓܝܪ ܗܕܐ ܒܪܝܫ ܛܘܪܐ ‎Eo ans‏ ܬܩܫܦܐ ܒܗ ‎Joàt‏ ܗܘܐ ܘܪ̈ܘܚܐ ܥܙܝ̈ܙܬܐܼ.

1. Ms. ‏ܡܩܪܽܘܢ‎ -— 9, Ms, oo — ‏,ܐܐ‎ 22 manu, -- ^, Ms. onn % — 2 Ms 389 manu fea 151... 6, Me
δν manu; 3. I eorrect. according 10 ΠΗ appears fo Le ie senxe, — 7. Ms om S. Ms, ‏ܦܓܘܗ‎
‎— 9. Ms. om. slop.

after he had broken himself for à space of teu years hy. great labours lie
himself aseended the column. And, when his brother whose name was Maro
had seen it, he also eame and entered upou the road from the first mile and
begau to walk soundly. while those two brothers were thenceforward illus-
trious for mighty Jabours of ας [ποσο until they received gifts of the Spirit
also, the blessed. Abraham receiving eveu tie. power of workiug healings
and driving out demons, lie. being above, while his brother the blessed
Maro shunned these things, sayiug : « Sir, ] will have nothiug to do with
things that! gain very vain glory. for someone but deceive certain persons »,
Aud many would seek assistance? with these; bat be when fie saw these
persons coming to be healed would shut his door and remain sent. Vor
from the very beginning also he had made a great segment [rom ἃ hollow
tree and set himself up inside it, having taken it inside the euelosure in à
certain coruer (γωνία: and he used to stand init. And there was a little
door, aud he would stoop and come out by it wheu he wanted ; for this
monastery is situated on the top of a mountain, and (lieve ised to be heavy
snow there aud violent winds; and so he would go ont and remove tlie suow

1. Ms, on. — 2. T'exb corrupt; this is Uie sense required.

¥ 401 ν
