πι LIVES OF ABRAHAM AND MARO. 71

ܕܦܠܢܝܬ ܥܩܪܬܐ ܩܕܒܠܬ ‎μὰ‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ܂ ‎Mas‏ ܦܘ̈ܠܓܐ 30-2[ ‎lon‏
‎2à‏ ܕܦܠܢܝܬ ܥܩܪܬܐ ‎Coh so‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܕܒܛܢܗ̇ ‎JL IS‏ ܘܟܕ ܬܗܝܪܝܢ
‎κω‏ ܟܚܢܝܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܘܬܗ ܘܡܥܩܟܒܝܢ ‎Russe‏ ܒܕܘܡܪܐ ܣܓܚܐܐ:. ‎Vel:‏
‎Neo] Lola μοι oser JS. ona]‏ ܥܪܬ ܠܟܠܗ ܢܘ݀ܓܪܐ ‎va μοι‏ ܕܚܢ ܟܕ
ܕܚܝܠܐ ܡܢ ܡܠܝܬܗ ‎iaceo:‏ ܘܡܛܠ ‎Ju‏ ܕܕܠܝܘܬܗ ܘܬܕܡܝܘܪܬܐ° ‎pb‏
‏ܕܠܬܫܒܘܚܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܠܐ ܬܬ݀ܚܦܐ.. ‎Mess‏ ܠܟܠ ‎ul‏ ܕܦܠܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܢܕܪ ܠܝ
ܡܕܡ ,+ ‎I Jo‏ ܐܢܐ ܕܡܢܐ | ‎:,ωοιολ.‏ ܘܝܗܼܒ ܠܝ ܐܠܗܐ ‎«τσοὶ Je»‏ ܟܠ ‎s‏
‏ܟܕ ‎ean wal‏ ܗܘܘ ‎JS‏ ܘܣܓܝܐܬܐ ‎vl wl‏ ܕܐܦ ܠܟܬܝܒ̈ܬܐܼ ‎NEC‏
‏ܘܠܡܫܡܥܬܐ:. ‎fs‏ ܐܚ̈ܐ ‎cale‏ ܬܙ̈ܚܢ ‎[alo‏ ܣܝܼܥܪ ‎Joc.‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܢ
‎νου‏ ܐܒܪܗܡ ‎ol.‏ ܣܓܝ ܥܗܠܝܢ ‎Lou‏ ܥܒܕ̈ܢ. ܗܢܘ ܕܚܢ ܟܕܘ ‎No‏ ܥܠܚ
‎odas NS di pol:‏ ܘܫܚ ܚܡܐܝܬ ‎rss"‏ + ܟܕ ܒܬܪ̈ܬܝܢ ܡܬܒܟܐ ‎μὲ]‏ ܚܕܐ
‎Là‏ ܕܥܣ̈ܩܝܢ ܠܘܬܗܝܡܢܘ ܬܕܡܕ̈ܬܐ ܡܝܢ ܕܘܒܪ̈ܝܗܝܢ.. ܘܐܚܪܬܐ ‎Là‏ ܕܦܣܝܩܝܬ
‎ous] ΣΙ...‏ ܐܠܐ 2 ‎1e‏ ܕܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܚܙܬܐ ‎Mid‏

1. Transposition marks ave (apps. in error; plaeed over [less Words, — 2, Ms. ILiaxlso-

barren woman had reccived conception; so that to many it presented itself as
a matter of doubt that so-aud-so the barren woman lil received eonreption,
uutit her conception came to delivery, — Aud, many beiug amazed, they used
1o assemble before her and in great wonder eagerly iuquire, « What is the
cause from which this has been brought about in you after so long a time? »
But she, feariug the saints injunction, and iu order that the power of his
prayer and the miraele wrought for God's glory might not be concealed,
announced to everyone : « So-and-so the blessed man sent me something,
and 1 do not know what it is, and God gave me a sou ». Then all non in
amazement glorifiel God. And many are the things that God wrought
through these two holy brothers, things that even surpass written records
and the capacity of the ears: but the acts of the holy Abraham even far
surpass those of this man‘. But this is enough that Ε have uudertaken to
shorten his history and run through it in simple fashion, observing two
thiugs, one that miracles are from their eliaracter diffieult to believe, and
another that 1 have determined in my mind not to be a witness with my

1. ΠῚ Hie ‏ܥ‎ right, Uie meaning mus be that M. < fewer nnracles because he shrank
from performing them. VD, aud. E. in trorsfalien state e opposite williont emendinz the Des.

* 1:4 §

b.
