* 16 ra.

08 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [68]

‎la as‏ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܐܡܪ ܗܘܐ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܡܪܘܢ.. ܠܐ ܡܦܝܣ ܗܘܐ ܠܒ̈ܢܝ ܐܢܫܐ
‎pe Vas‏ ܡܢ ‎Al:‏ ܗܘܘ ܥܠܘܗܝ. ܡܕ ܐܬܠܨ ܠܗ: ܘܗܺܝ ܕܟܫ̈ܘܡܚܝ ܐܚܘܗܝ
ܕܟܕ ‎Jp ὦ‏ ܗܘܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܡܿܫܢܐ ܗܘܐ: ܠܐ ܦܢܝܩ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܕܢܣܥܘܪ.. ܡܟܝܠ ܐܝܟ
° ܡܶܢ ‎yw‏ ܡܢܗ ܡܣܥܒܪܢܘܬܐ ܕܝܩܝܪܘܬܐ܂. ܒܦ̈ܫܝܛܬܐ ‎PACE Juan so‏

‎Luis ‏ܐܢܬܘܢ ܠܘܬ‎ QE ‏ܠܘܬ ܣܓܺܝܐܐ ܡܡܠܠ ܗܘܐ ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪ. ܐܪܐ ܡܢܐ‎ LUN
‏ܐܢܐ ܥܠ ܗܢܐ ܟܐܦܐ ܐܝܟ‎ μοὶ; ‏ܚܝܼܙܝܬܘܢ ܡܢܝ. ܥܠ‎ anas ‏ܡܢܐ ܟܝ ܐܢܫܐ‎
‏ܘܢܣܪܘܚ‎ Sa ‏ܐܝܟ ܕܐܣܝܪ ܟܠܒܐ ܒܕܝܢܐ ܒܫܫܠܬܐ ܕܠܐ‎ οἱ ‏ܠܒܕ ܒܢ̈ܝ̣ܫܬܐ:‎
‏ܡܢ ܗܪܟܐ: ܐܝܟ‎ el ‏ܗܘܐ ܠܝ‎ aus a4 ‏ܐܢܬܘܢ‎ v» J ‏ܠܣܓܺܝܐ|..‎
‏ܘܐܢܬܬܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܝ ܘܒܝ̈ܢܝܐ..‎ τὰ ‏ܥܒܕ ܗܘܝܬ‎ ΙΝαϑο ‏ܘܟܠ ܚܕ ܚܕ ܡܢܟܘܢ:‎
mo) ‏ܘܡܰܘܡܝ ܘܣܘܪ̈ܚܢܝ‎ Lo ‏ܥܠ‎ μὲ Sh ‏ܐܢܬܘܢ‎ «ον JI ‏ܐܘ‎
‏ܗܗ ܠܗ‎ vao ‏ܠܣܪܘܚܐ. ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܢ‎ μον dan) ‏ܐܠܗܐ ܒܗܕܐ 919« ܐܝܟ‎
‏ܡܪܝ‎ «ᾗ ‏ܫܡܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ.‎ LA ‏ܠܪܥܝܢܗ ܘܠܕܘܒܪܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ.. ܐܡܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܟܕ‎
‏ܕܐܣܝܪ. ܐܦ ܓܝܪ‎ où ‏ܘܐܝܟ ܕܠܝܘܬ‎ un] Lee ‏ܐܝܟ ܕܠܘܬ‎ ea ‏ܐܦ‎
‏ܠܗܘܢ ܟܕ ܐܣܝܪܝܢ ܒܝܬ ܐܣܚܪ̈ܐ. ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܕܠܐ‎ Ene ‏ܠܩ̈ܛܘܠܐ ܙܠ ܗܘ ܐ݈ܢܫ܂‎

‎1. Ms. & — 9. Ms, ‏ܐ‎ corr. v. D. and L.

‎suade men not to come to him every day ; and, being distressed, and it not
being open to him to act as he did in his brother's days by withdrawing when
he saw these, accordingly, in order to extinguish out of him the reputation of
gravity, he would speak to many witli simple and ridiculous words, and like a
fool, saying, « Why then (ἄρα) come you to a madman? Have you, pray, seen
anyone fouler'than 1 am? Since I am bound to this stone like a malefactor,
or as a vicious dog is bound by a chain that he may not escape and do hurt
to many, know you not that, if it were open to me to escape hence, I should
like each one of you have both made a house for myself and had a wife and
children? or understand you not that in my case also it is on account of my
sins and my spots and my crimes that God bound me to this stone, like ἃ
judge who puts a crimiual in bonds? » But those who knew the llessed
man's character and way of life used 10 say when they heard these things :
« Yes, sir, we also are come as to a criminal, and as to one who is bound;
for a man gocs and sees even murderers. when they are bound in prison ».
But those who were not thoroughly acquainted with him, who saw the

‎1 MeL 0

‎,
