* 1 3 1

78 JONN OF EPITESUS. [78]

‎ἰθμὸ‏ ܕܒܝܫ̈ܬܐ ܙܓܪ ܗܘܐ ,. ܘܥܠ ‎JA‏ ܡܿܚܕܦܛ ‎Jes‏ ܟܕ ܐܦ ܠܗܘܢ ܓܙܪ
‎JL. Lis‏ ܕܟܐܢܘܬܐ ‎each‏ ܗܘܐ ܂. ܥܡ ܫܪܟܐ ‎laxo:‏ ܡܪܚܡܢܘܬܗ ܕܠܘܬ
ܟܘܠ ܐܢܫ ‎SIS)‏ ܒܬܪ ܕܝܢ ܙܒܢܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܥܝܣܪܝܢ ܟܢ̈ܝܢ: ܕܩܡ ܥܠ ܐܣܛܘܢܐ
‎op] ο μοι bore où‏ ܠܗ ‎cM.‏ ܥܠ ܚܫ̈ܠܘܬܐ ‎quà «ήδη Ji,‏
ܕܚܢ ‎Lacs‏ ܕܢ̇ܦܩܝܢ ܠܡܪܕܘܬܐ ܕܒܢ̈ܝܢܥܐ ܥܠ ‎opes‏ ܒܒܟܬܐ ܚܢܝܓܬܐ
ܒܩܐܐ ܪܡܳܐ ܥܙܝܙܐܝܬ ܒܦܠܓܗ ܕܠܠܚܐ ܡܬܡܿܪܡܪ ‎Jon‏ : ܘܡܿܝܠܠ ܡܢ ܠܟܐ
ܚܢܝܓܐ. ܟܕ ‎c‏ ܥܠ ‎Loos)‏ ܘܐܡܪ ܠܘܬ ‎Ja‏ ܗܟܢܐ. ܕܡܢܐ ܠܡ ܡܪܝܐ ܢܗܘܐ
‎ye‏ ܘܠܕܝܪ̈ܬܟ . ܡܢܐ ‎pi 33 axo‏ ܘܠܬܫܡܫܬܟ ‎WU ENS‏ ܩܘܕܝܟ
ܡܪܝܐ. ‎«ον «Ὁ «ὁ‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܣܓܪܘܢ. ܘܠܘ ‎ελλαδα...‏ ܡܢܐ ° ܢܗܘܐ
ܠܟܗ̈ܢܝܟ ܘܠܥܡܐ ܕܡܶܡܗܝܡܢܐ:. ܕܡܫܵܬܕܹܝܢ ܫܠܕܝܗܘܢ ܐܝܟ ‎sy‏ ܥܠ ܐܦܝ ܐܪܥܐ
ܘܠܝܬ ܕܩܝܿܒܪ. ‎a Ls‏ ܘܠܐ ܒܪܘܓܙܐ ܡܪܝܐ ܇ ܘܟܕ ܟܠܢ ܠܓܘ ܒܕܝܪܐ ‎Jo‏
‏ܡܢ ܠܥܠ ܫܡܿܥܝܢ ‎τὰ) oo‏ ܟܕ ܟܘܠܢ ‎AA‏ ܘܡܛܘܠ ‎Jem‏ ܥܕܢܐ

‎he would restrain from oaths and 100 and adultery and the other
evil things, and exhort to good things, declaring to them also the awful
seutence of justice, besides the other things which iu the genüeness of liis
mercifulness toward. all men he‘ disseminates. But after ἃ space of about
twenty vears during which this saint stood npon the columu a revelation was
shown to him concerning the terrible hosts of barbarians, i. e. Iluns*, who
should come forth to chastise men upon earth.

‎Then with mournful weepiug he continued with a loud voice veliemeutly
giving veut Lo lis sorrow in the middle of the night and wailiug ont of a
mournful heart, beating on 1:18 face and speaking to God thus : « Wlaat,
Lord, will happen to tliy. charches aud thy monasteries? What, my. Lord,
wit thon do 10 thine altars and thy service and iliy sacred. vessels, Lonl ?
W'oe Lo us whose sius have brought these things to pass, and not thy gentle-
ness. What will happen to thy priests and the people of the believers,
whose corpses are cust out as dung upon the face of the earth with none
to bury them? lu mercy chastise me and nol in anger, Lord? ». And, when
all of ns heard the voice from above in the monastery within, having all
been awokeu we were agitated: and, becanse it was a short time before ser-

‎11 Εν God τ ὃς 58015 i? ¡ $) p. 19, n. 2. The better known invasion of 531/2 (Zach. Bh, IN, 6;
Proc, Bell, ( Nt 28: Che, Édess;, A; < SA was after M/s deal), — 3. Jor., x, 2

