‎LIVES OF ABRAITAM AND MARO, 67‏ 671[
ܠܐ ܪܓܝܥܝܢ ܒܡܠܬܗ ܕܡܪܢ ܕܠܘܬ ‎jo Ro‏ ܒܕܩ.. ܗܳܝ ܕܥܬܝܕܐ ܕܬܬܐܡܪ
ܠܗܘܢ ܟܕ ܢܐܡܪܘܢ ܠܝܡ ܕܡܪܝ ܡܪܝ ܠܐ ‎Ux rl] y»‏ ܘܒܪ ܘܝܡ ‎s‏
‎Ra‏ ܘܒܫܡܟ ܚܝ̈ܠܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܒܕܢ ܗܝܕܝܢ ܠܡ ‎Lis‏ ܚܬܢܐ ‎solo‏ ܠܗܘܢ..
ܕܐܡܝܢ ܐܡܥܪ ܐܢܐ ܠܟܘܢ ܕܠܐ ܝܕܥ ܐܢܐ ° ܠܝܟܘܢ܇. ‎aus]‏ ܠܟܘܢ ܡܢܝܚ ܦܠܝ
‎οὐ Jie aM) Jia‏ ܕܡܛܝܒܐ ‎J jai‏ ܘܠܡܡܐܐܟܘܗܝ. ‎Lao‏ ܒ̈ܢܝ܂ ‎οὐ‏ ܠܐ
ܢܙܘܥ܂ ܡܝܢ ‎cà‏ ܩܠܳܐ ‎aus:‏ ܣܒܪܐ܆. ܕܠܘܬ ܗܠܝܢ ‎αλλη‏ ܠܢܟܝܠܘܬܐ ܕܛܥܝܘܬܗܘܢ
ܕܦܝ̈ܐܕܐ܇ ܕܣܕܼܒܪܘ ܕܡܿܦܩܚܝܢ ܠܗܘܢ ܆. ܟܕ ܢܫܡܥ ܡܢ ‎Jiso où‏ ܛܒܐ ܕܠܐ ܝܕܥ ܐܢܐ
ܠܟ. ܐܢܐ ܓܝܪ ‎Los‏ ܘܚܬܛܚܐ ‎y‏ ܕܐܐܕܪܟܬ ܢܟ̈ܠܝܗܘܢ ܕܕܝ̈ܘܐ.. ‎aane‏ ܠܝ ‎s»‏
‏ܢܦܫܝ ܡܟܬܡܬܐ ‏ ܐܛܪܘܕ ܐܢܘܢ ܒܠܚܘܕ. ܐܢܐ ‎μονῶν, a‏ ܗܠܝܢ ‎Kofi‏
‎red‏ ܗܘܘ ‎JL‏ ܘܢܟܘܠܛܛܢܐ ܡܝܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܥܠ ܗܠܝܢ.. ܚܪܙ ܝܝܢ ‎«SIN NN‏
ܗܘܘ ܘܠܪܩܝܢ ܕܠܐ ‎κο.‏ ܫܒܘܩ ܚܬܢ ܕܟܕ ܟܘܠܗ̇ ܒܝܢܘܬܗܘܢ ܕܕܝ̈ܘܐ ܒܓܘܢ
ܟܡܶܝܢܐ̇. ܘܟܠܗ ܚܝܼܣܡܗܘܢ ܘܢܟܠܗܘܢ ‎exeo Jo‏ ܢܣܟܪ ܥܠ ܢܦܝܢ ‎Ip‏
‎κ)‏ ܡܢ ܚܚ̈ܕܕܐ. ‎sola]‏ ܕܝܢ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܠܝ ܛܪܕ ܗܘܬ ̈ ܘܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ

‎T. Ms, ins. stop «aud om. afler 6. Sie mz, ungrammaticalls,

‎saying which he uttered beforehand to these men, which shall be spoken to
them, when they shall say ‘My Lord, my Lord, did we not in thy name
prophesy, and in thy name east out fiends, and in thy name do many deeds
of power?', then shall the bridegroom answer and say to them, * Verily E say
unto yon ] know vou not, depart ye from me workers of iniquity, go to the
fire prepared for the devil and for his angels''. Now, my sonus, who will
not tremble at the prononueement of despair addressed to those who yielled
to the ‏ܠ‎ of the fiends* guilefuluess. who thought that they. were
casting them out, when he hears from the wood Lord ^ 1 know thee not"!
As for my. wretelied and sinful self, ax 1 have probed. the deeeits of the
demons, it is enough for me to drive them out of my. stained self ouly ; for
to me it seeins that 1he saints who truly possessed power aud authority from
God over these used to shrink from and shun being made spoil of, let alone
us who, while all the wickedness of the demons is inbushed within us.
and all their envy and their deceit and their desires, think of ourselves that
we are driving fiends out of one another. Would that E were driving my
own out! »

‎By saying these things every day τὸ many the blessed Maro did not per-

‎® Matth, vir, 22, 23; xxv. 41, A similar netion appears in ch. 05.

‎ΑΛ Ίο ντ
