[75] LIVES OF ABRAHAM AND MARO. τὸ

ܡܐܢܘ̈ܗܝ. ܘܥܡܚܣܢ ܗܼܘ ܓܒܪܐ ܡܛܠ ‎μου‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܢܘܕܥ ܠܗ ܥܠ ܡܪܚܘܬܗ.
ܥܡ ‎Luis‏ ܒܝܬܗ ܫܠܝܚܐܝܬ ‎SSL‏ ܟܕ ‎vo‏ “ܨܒܝܘܬܐ ܚܩܚܪ̈ܬܐ ‎μμδο‏
‎jose μα‏ ܕܩܢܝܢܐ ܕܒܣܚܪ̈ܬܐ ܟܠܗ ‎moe‏ ܗܼܘ ܕܚܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܟܕ ‎Jp‏ ܟܕ ‎Jac»‏
‏ܩܝܼܪܐ ܠܩܫܝܫܐ ܕܝܠܗ ‎Ee)‏ ܩܕܡܘܗܝ܂ ܘܐܡܪ ܠܗ. ܐܕܪܡ ܒܪܝ ܠܘܬ ‎où Lo,‏
ܘܚܝܼܙܝ ܡܢܐ ‎ο Sr‏ ܟܕ ܒܕܩ ‎Pgo μω5 où‏ ܥܠ ܡܕܡ ܕܗܼܘܐ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ
ܩܫܝܫܐ ܒܠܠܝܐ ܥܡ ܬܪ̈ܝܢ ‎et)‏ ܠܝܩܪܝܬܐ ‎e]‏ ܘܐܫܟܝܼܚܘ ‎Js) Jun‏
‎oo‏ ܕܗܽܘܼܝ܂ ܐܪܥܐܼ. ܘܡܫ̈ܬܠܝܗܒܢ ܥܕܡܐ ‎«οὐδ‏ 95 ܒܕܡܡܘܬܐ ܕܓܝܘܡܪ̈ܐ
ܕܬܠܗܒܝܬܐ ܢܗ̈ܘܝܢ܇. ‎acaso‏ ܟܠܗܝܢ ‎(ras‏ ܒܓܘ ‎ναι‏ ܘܡܚܕܗܿ ‎JAN‏ ܘܟܐܒ
ܡܝ̈ܥܝܐ ‎Pl où Jia‏ ܘܒܚ̈ܘܡܬܐ ‎Jas.‏ ܡܝܕ , ܘܦܕܢܬ ܐܢܬܬܗ ܐܢܬܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ
‎.)λορᾶλνου‏ ܘܫܪܟܐ ܕܩܢܝܢܐ ܕܦܕܫ ‎fosse ος ο‏ ܘܐܪ̈ܥܬܐ ܕܣܒܝܣܝܢ ܗܘܘ
ܒܐܝ̈ܠܢܝܗܘܢ ܘܒܦܐܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ: ܘܕܚܝܠܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܚܕܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ.. ܡܢܗܘܢ ܒܬܪ̈ܬܝܢ ‎x‏
‎ble 1 ολ...‏ ܘܦܪܟܐ܂ ‎opel‏ ܡܢ ܡܕܘܬ|. ܘܥܝܼܒ̈ܕܐ ‎«soie‏ ܡܝܬܘْ ܘܡܢܗܘܢ
‎Lors «οὐ‏ ܐܢܬܬܐ܂ ܐܣܬܡ̣ܝܬ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܟܕ ‎JUN] Jos‏ ܡܝܕܬܬ ‎οἱ‏ ܗܼܝ ܐܢܬܬܐܼ.

and the man with his domestic slaves hardly eseaped naked because God
wished to make his presumption known to him, while all the precious
belongings and valuable furniture and the rest of the property contaiucd in the
buildings (?) were all burut. But tlie blessed man, when he saw il, weepiig
called his own presbyter who stood before him, and said to hün : « Go my
son to that wretehed man and see what has happened to bim »; telling 1
with great sorrow what had oceurred. And the presbyter with two brothers
went to the village by night, and they found all the buildings (?) of the house
levelled with the ground, and blazing so much that the stones themselves
looked like coals of flune, and were all dissolved into chalk within the ire.
And fever and dysontery at once aliacked that inan, and in ten days he died ;
and liis wife survived, a great and distinguished woman; and the rest of tlie
property that remained to lii was ruined ; and of tlie vineyards and the tielils
that were thick with their trees aud their fruits, and were regarded with awe i?!
in the neighbourhood, some sunk to the gronnd in νο years, iud the rest
were plundered from the owners Qj'; and of the slaves some died, and some
ran sway; and the woman herself became blind: and so receiving: the eom
mand (dco) the woman also died, and she became à subjeet of gossip and

1. This can hardly be right; we require rather «hy robbers'.

* I8 re,
