‎LIVES OF SIMEON AND SERGIUS. 103‏ ,103[ ܐܬܐ
ܐܢܬ 15 ܕܐܠܗܐ ܩܕܡ ‎Ris «οὶ‏ ܒܗ ‎UE‏ ܘܐܟܪܡ ܐܝܕܗ ܘܝܙܘܼܒ )4
ܠܗ ‎jas‏ ܘܦܪܬܠܗ ܠܦܘܡܗ. ܘܠܒܟܗܼ ܘܢܦܨܕܗ ‎Κων.‏ ܘܫܘܪ ‎oo‏ ܩܡ ܒܕܘܟܬܗ ‎Ν‏
‎ea‏ ܕܒܐܡܐ܂ ‎Ale‏ ܡܚܪ ܡܝܢ ܟܦܘܪܐ. ܡܚܪܡܝܢ ܪܶܕܘܦܐ. ܡܚܪܡܐ ܣܘܢܗܕܘܣ ܝ
ܕܟܠܩܝܕܘܢܐ܂ ܘܟܠ ܡܢ ܕܫ݀ܠܡ ‎fous GM‏ ܟܠ ‎[loss [ass‏ ܡܢܟܘܢ ܩܘܪܒܢܐ ‎ἈΠ‏

‎kate "] ‏ܪܡܐ‎ JLas ‏ܘܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ ܡܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ‎ LL ‏ܠܕܒܝܢܟܘܢ ܐܠܐ‎ μονο
Wu ‏ܬܩܝܼܦ. ܟܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܡܶܝܢ‎ νυν ‏ܕܩܠܝ ܪܘܣ ܘܕܥܡܐ ܘܕܐܘܢ‎ Laacso [53 ‏ܪܘܒܐ‎
‏ܡܛܛܥܝܢܐ ¦ ܐ‎ hen ‏ܡܬܠܚܚܡܝܢ.. ܡܢܗܘܢ ܕܝܢ܂ ܡܬܡܪܡܪܝܢ. ܘܡܢܗܘܢ ܩܥܝܢ..‎
‏ܥܠܘܗܝ ܐܝ̈ܕܝܐ ܘܢܡܼܡܘܬ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ¦ )ܐ‎ ου ‏ܘܡܢܗܘܢ ܩܥܝܢ.. ܕܠܐ ܐܢܫ‎ SNS eo
‏ܬ‎ ooo ‏ܡܬܡܪܡܪܝܢ‎ φαση ‏ܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ‎ Loc ‏ܬܩܝܦܐ܂ ܟܠܗ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ‎ Lo ‏ܚܕ‎
‏ܕܢܪܡܘܢ ܐܝ̈ܕܝܗܘܢ ܥܠ ܛܘܒܥܐ.. | ܠܐ‎ Las ‏ܘܡܗܝ̈ܡܢܐ܂ ܦܨܝܚܝܢ. ܘܡܛܠ ܕܕܚܠܘܢ ܡܢ‎
‏ܕܐܘܡܝܢ ܗܘܐ ܠܨܢܡܬܐ ܕܐܒܕܢܐ ܘܠܝ ܠܥܡܐ ° ܟܕ ܐܡܪ ܂. ܕܦܩܘܕܘܢ ܠܡ‎ où ‏ܩܡ‎
‎ah | Me; ‏ܘܚ݀ܙܝܢܢ‎ ος aoo ‏ܕܝܩܘܢܝܩܘܢ..‎ RAD ‏ܘܢܥܘܠ ܛܘܒܢܐ‎

‏ܐ
‏ܨܒܘܬܗ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܐܫܕܟܚ ܕܢܓܢܒܝܘܗܝ ܡܢ ‎Gros soa‏ ܢܫܐܠܡ ܒܗ ܨܒܝܢܗ. |‘

‎1. Ms. pl. — 2. Ms. ‏ܡܢ‎

‎| he swung his hand round and gave him a bulfet, aud. distorted. his mouth;
᾿ and he seized him and shook him down. And he himself sprang up and
| stood in his place at the top af the chancel-steps (σῆμα), and said : « Cursed
are the renegades; eursed are the persecutors; cursed is the svnod οἵ
Chaleedon, and whosocver assents to it. Cursed is every soul that receives
the oblation from vou aud assents Lo your opinion unless he repents ».
When the blessed man had cried these Words in a loud voice, great turmoil
| and confusion prevailed among the clergy (κλῆρος) and the people and the
bisliop, some threatening, some expressing indignalion, some crying, « This
man is a teacher ol'error, let him be arrested », and some erving, « Let no
man lay hands upon him and die ». And so the whole city became one
intense volume of sound, the adversaries expressing indignation, and the
believers joy. Since they feared on account of the people to lay their hands
upon the blessed man, the man who was practised in pernicious wiles rose and
quieted the people by saying, « Be so good' as to let the blessed man come
into the vestry?, aud we will speak, aud see what his business is »; and thus
he succeeded by a trick in withdrawing him from the people, and then
accomplishing his will upon him. When the erowd (252 had dispersed,

‎l. See p. 29. — — 2. Houxe of the xzovixóv.

‎ο τα.
