δ 1? γ᾽ ἃ,

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [72]‏ 73
ܥܡ ‎EI Ja NS‏ ܘܕܠܐ ܬܘܒ ܐܟܬܘܒ ܕܫܡܿܥܬ ܒܠ ܚܘܕܢ. ‎el vl Jl‏
‎pe lo Ass‏ ܣܗܿܕ ܐܢܐ ‎Sens‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎Ss‏ ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ‎δι. μοι‏ ܐܝܠܝܢ
‎Ns‏ ܘܕܥ ܐܢܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܨܝܕ̈ܢ ܘܡ̈ܬܚܬܝܢ ‎Ko‏ ܠܘܬ ‎Lions‏ ܡܛܠ
‎ji‏ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ‎Jla ceo‏ ܕܣܓܺܝܐܐ ܡܝܬܐ ܐܢܐ ܟܕ ܡܢ ‎Jos xl‏ ܕܪ̈ܘܪܒܢ ܡܢ
ܡܬܘܒܥܬܐܼ 19« ‎l.l‏ ܓܝܪ ܗ̈ܢܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܬܢܨܝܢܢ ܐܝܟ ‎JON» Ja sa NS,‏ +
ܘܕܢܬܝܕܥ ܠܢ ܠܗ̈ܕܝܘܛܐ ܘܦܥ̈ܝܠܛܐ܆. ‎sas‏ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܕܠܘܬ ܐܝܠܝܢ ‎vo»‏ ܠܗ
ܘܢܛܪܝܢ ܦܝܘܩܕ̈ܢܘܗܝ ‎xdi‏ ܚܢܝܢ.. ܘܕܟܡܐ ܦܪܗܣܝܫܐ ܝܗܒ ܐܠܗܐ ܠܕܠܒ̈ܕܘܗܝ
ܩܕܡܘܗܝ. ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܕܝܢ ܬܘܒ ܫܠܝܛܛܐ ܚܕ ‎o2‏ ܒܩܪܝܬܐ ‎los‏ ܗܘܐ ‎où à»‏
ܩܕܝܫܐ ‎9h Lol ba‏ ܐܢܝܐ ‎ge‏ ܡܦܕܣ ܗܿܘܝܬ ܒ ̈ܗ. ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܓܒܪܐ
‎[same‏ ܘܪܫܝܥܐܼ. ܡܥܝܩܢܐ ܕܡܡܣܟܢܐ܂ ܘܡܿܥܘܐ ‎ολ‏ ܘܠܐܪ̈ܡܠܬܐ.. ܘܣܿܥܘܪܐ
‎Lis Koss‏ ܕܥܠܘܒܘܬܐ ܘܕܛܠܘܡܝܐ ܘܕܒܐܬܐܼ. ܐܝܬܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܕܝܢ ܩܢܝܢܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ
‎ΠΈΨΙΣ‏ ܘܠܒ̈ܝܕܐ܂ ܘܐܡܘܬܐ. ܘܡܐܬܪܘܪܒ ܗܘܐ ܓܒܪܐ ‎Js où‏ ܘܒܟܠܙܒܝܢ
>< ܗܘܘ ܡܢܗ ܝܬܡ̈ܐ ܘܐܪܖ̈ܡܠܝܬܐ ‎ολο‏ ܕܡ̈ܣܟܢܐ.. ‎xl‏ ܓܚܘܣܝܐ ܒܗ

‎handwriting except only of things eonfirmed by the sight of my eyes as well
as the written record. aud not to repeat in writing what Τ have only heard',
but the things that I have both heard and also seen to these I bear witness;
as in the ease of this saint also 1 bring to record the same deeds that |
have seen aud know, those that are small and a litile inferior. because of
the unbelief and doubt of mauy, abstaining from mentioning marvels that
are greater than the ears ean bear. Even the actual things that we have
repeated we have repeated for the elorv of God, and that God's love towards
those who love him aud keep his commandments may be known to ns ordinary
εἰδιώτες and simple men, and how great freedom (πχῤῥησία) God gives to his
boudmen before him. There was agaiu a certain magistrate in the same
village in which this saint liad his stand (with whom l also was well aequain-
ted) who was an abominable and impious man, an oppressor of tlie poor.
and one wlio caused orphans and widows to groau, and a perpetrator of
all wieked deeds of eovetousness and of injustiee and of. rapine; and he had
mneh property απ a great. house, and bondimen and boudwomen.. And
al man bore himself proudly in the world ; aud the orphaus and widows
and other poor persons used always to flee from him and take refuge

‎V. Thin quo £: to miracles only: hut see p. 3, 6. αν

