‎LIVES OF ABRAÏIAM AND MARO. 00‏ ]05[
ܗܢܐ ܕܬܕܡܘܪܬܐ ܐܝܟ ܡܶܝܢ ܕܢܛܪܘܕ ܡܢܗ ܫܘܒܗܪܐ ܘܢܥܪܘܩ ܡܢ ‎Las‏ ܣܝܪܝܩܝܐ
ܕܒܚ̈ܢܝܢܫܐ: ܘܟܕ ܛܒ ܢܝܚܐ ‎Las om so‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ.. ‎yh δολ‏ ܪܒܐ
ܘܙܕܚܩܐ ܐܬܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎os «οὐ.‏ ܥܙܝܙܐܝܬ܂ ܘܒܚܡܬ|? ܛܪܕ ‎Jon‏ ܬܘܒ ܕܝܢ
ܠܘܐ ܐܢܫ ܐ̱ܢܫ ܐܸܢ' ܡܬܬܥܝܩ ܗܘܐ ܠܚܪܬܐ ° ܐܝܟ ܕܠܦܝܣܐ ܘܠܒܘܝܐܐ° ‎δὲ‏
‏ܗܘܐ ܡܪܬܝܢܐܝܬ ܘܒܣܤܫܡܐܝܬ ‎Rad‏ ܒ̈ܢܝ ‎JI JS‏ ܬܬܥܝܩܘܢ 95« ‎x]‏
‏ܐܢܐ ܠܟܘܢ. ܐܢܬܘܢ ܓܝܪ ܕܢܝܥܘܬܗ ܘܢܟܚܝܠܝܘܬܗ ܕܒܝܕܫܐ܂ ‎y‏ ° ܝܕܥܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ. ‎RI‏
‏ܓܝܪ ‎D wans'|‏ ,45 ܕܟܪ̈ܝܗܐ ܘܕܕ̈ܝܘܢܐ: ܘܐܬ ܠ ܐܬܪܐ ܕܢܐܬܘܢ ܠܘܬܝ.. ܗܐ
ܡܚܕܗܿ ܙܠܝܢ ܫܝ̈ܐܕܐ ‎LS Rats‏ ܘܠܛܚ̈ܠܝܬܐ ‎agde‏ ܐܘ ܒܝܕ ‎INT‏
‏ܐܘ ܒܝܕ ‎ol! μα‏ ܒܚܕ ‎rs οἱ Lis οἱ»‏ ܟܐܒ ‎fasi‏ ܐܘ ܕܢܪܥܬܘܢ ‎os‏
‏ܘܡܥܒܕܝܢ ܒܗܘܢ ܟܕ ܠܐ ܝܕܥܝܢ ‎eo‏ ܐܝܟ ܐܢܫ ‎ου‏ ܙܠܘ" ܐܫܐܬܥܘ ܒܝ̈ܐܦܘܗܝ
‎essor RC‏ ܕܡܠܝܫܬܝܢ ‎où ye Lio eos.‏ ܥܡ ‎NOTE S Jos‏ ܕܝܠܢ
ܚܫ̈ܠܬܢܝܢ ܘܐܩܫ̈ܦܢ ‎ils ide‏ ܡܪܦܝܢ ܕܝܢ ‎Jis‏ ܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܐܥܼܒܕܘ ܐܢܘܢ
ܠܗܠܝܢ 5/5 . ܘܡܿܫܢܝܢ ܘܡܪܚܩܝܢ ‎ος ας ο ον‏ ܨܢܡܬܐ

‎| Po ‏ܠܘܬ‎ —2, p on, — 3. P ‏ܘܒܚܕܘܬܐ‎ — s pH — s P ‏ܘܠܦܩܝܐܘܐ‎ -6, D Dis - 7. P lus
‏.ܕܡܝܬܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܠܗ‎ — 8 po lois. The rest is illegible in P.

‎myself the madman and man of evil life why do you come?» And so this
wonderful man as if to drive arrogance from him and avoid the vain praise
of men, even though he was gentle and kind, would violeutly and with anger
drive away those who came to him to gaze at him asa great and righteous
man. Yet again, if he were vexed with any particular persons, he would
at last as if to entreat and console say reproachfully and. kindly these words :
« My sons, be not vexed at what | am saying to you. You do not know
the evil one's wiliness and deceitfulness. 1 I give way to these matters
vf sick and possessed persons, and allow them an opportuuity of coming 0
ine, lot fiends will at onec go and seize Women aud girls and many. persons,
be it by means of a fever, or of uleers, or of affection of the eves, or of
affection of the head, or 5ο as to foam in them, and will work in them without
their knowledge, as if one were to say ‘Go jeer iu the face of Maro", for, as
Soon as they bring them here, as if our own prayers were indeed powerful
and mighty and drove out. fieuds, the fieuds who have brought about these
diseases will abandon them, aid in their deceitfuluess depart and withdraw,

‎in order to carry out the wiles of their deceitfulness, and eheat us into having
PATR. OR. — T. XVIL — F. l. 5

‎ΣΑ ‏ܐ‎ 0

‎ΤΡ ου τὶ
