[85 LIVES OF SIMEON AND SERGIUS. 85

ܒܓܢܣܐ. ܣܒܐ ܪܒܐ ܘܩܕܝܫܐ ܐܝܢܐ ܕܫܡܥܘܢ ܡܕܬܩܪܐ ‎joe‏ ܚܒܝܫ ܗܘܐ ܬܘܒ
ܡܙܗ ܕܙܒܢܬܐ ܕܢܘܪܝ ܬܘܠܡܕܗܘܢ ܕܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ ܐܒܪܗܡ ܘܡܪܘܢ ‎Jl‏ ܐܝܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܕܝܠܗܼ
‎loo Jl‏ ܒܨܝܪܐ ܬܫܥܝܬܗ ܠܡܬܗܪ ‎às‏ ܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ. ܗܢܐ ܕܐܦ ‎où‏ ܒܩܢܘܡܗ ‎Dés‏
‏ܡܠܬܐ ܕܫܠܝܚܐ ‎οί}‏ . ܕܒܣܪܗܘܢ ‎κα.)‏ ܥܡ ‎«oo»‏ ܟܐܲܒܘ̈ܗܝ ܘܢ̈ܓܝܓܬܗ.
ܗܢܐ ܡܛܘܠ ‎Mie‏ ܐܟܣ̈ܢܝܐ ܣܓܚܐܬܐ ܕܫܟܝܚܐ ܗܘܬ ܒܗ: ܘܚܦܚܛ ܗܘܐ ܕܗܼܘ
‎oasis‏ ܘܒ̈ܐܝܕܘܗܝ ܒܕܡܘܬ ܩܕܝܥܐ ܐܒܪܗܡ ܪܝܫ ܐܸܒܗ̈ܐܐ ‎Jess‏ ܗܘܐ ܬܫܡܥܬܐ
‎ewe‏ ܠܘ ܐܝܟ ܫܪܟܐ ‎Jens ones Lu.‏ ܬܒܫ ‎Jes‏ ܡܛܠ ‎sh‏ ܠܐ
1222235 ܗܘܐ ܐܝܟ ‎Jp‏ ܡܢ ܗܺܝ ܕܥܒܕ ܗܘܐ ܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܕܐܚܝ̈ܐ ‎cS‏ ܗܘܘ
ܠܘܬܗ. ܚܘܒܗ ܓܝܪ ܕܐܒܪܗܡ 33 ܒܗ ܝܗܝܒ ܗܘܐ ܠܘܬ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܒ̈ܢܝ ‎sho]‏
‏ܘܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܟܘܪ̈ܚܐ ‎Fes‏ ܥܒܕ ܗܘܐ ‎«ο‏ ܘܕܪܘܣܬܐܼ ܘܓܢܘܣܬܐ ‎JN s‏ ܕܠܐ
ܬܪܥܐܼ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܒܓܘܗܘܢ ‎sus.‏ ܗܘܐ ܥܡ ܬܠܡܝܕܐ ܚܕ ‎x el‏ ܘܥܼܒܕ ܠܗ
ܒܕܘܟܬܐ ܚܕܐ ܡܣܩܢܐ ܘܡܚܬܢܐ ‎ΟΝ»‏ ܡܛܠ ‎ΩΝ,‏ ܐܟܣܢ̈ܝܐ ° ‎vy‏

ܗܘܘ ܠܘܬܗ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܬܪ̈ܬܝܢ ‎JLiass‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܩܢܘܡܗ. 250 ܕܚܒܚܢܘܬܐ܂ ܘܗܺܝ

their origin (yévoz)' a great aud. holy old man who was called Simeon. had
also been living as a recluse ever since the time when the saints Abrahiun
aud Maro the brothers began their discipleship?. à miu whose own story
also was not uuworthy of great admiration: who also in his own person
`: out the words of tlie aposile which sav, « They crucilied their lHesh
with all its affections and its lusts ἢν This inan. because of the great hospi-
lality that existed in him (uud he was eager Lo carry. ont the ministration fo
Mie saints personally with his owu hauds like the holy Abraham the patriarch!
used not to shut himself up in ἃ hut like all tlie others, because indeed as
{have said he would not endure to do so, sinee he used τὸ perform the
ministration to the brothers wo resorted to him. For the love of tho great
Abraham had beeu implauted in him. toward all men, aud ou. this account
he made himself some small huts, and a little enelosed eourt and συλ 01]
without a gate; aud thus he was shut up within them with one diseiple or
two: and at one place he made for himself a way of asecndiug and des endiug
the wall, on aecount of the strange brothers who vesocled to him; aud thus
therefore he fulfilled in himself two purposes, both that. of seclusion. and

τ. Kalesh; see p. © — 2. M. heran 1^ years affer Άν τον 57 bul, even if we reckon [rom 15696
lime when M. ascended the colum in (p. 59, we 501 < as the dale of fle beginning of < -
seclusion, which is inconsistent with later stalenienis: see p. Ut. n, ‏ܨ‎ Άν Gab. ¥, 6

ܨܐ +
