187] LIVES OF SIMEON AND SEBRGIUS. 87

ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ .. ܘܠܐ ‎AS‏ ܘܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܕܡܫܝܓ ܗܘܐ ‎oos‏ - ܪܗܝܒܐܝܬ ܥܠ
‎vois)‏ ܕܝܠܗ ܘܥܠ ܕܪ̈ܥܘܗܝ ‎Jon ame‏ ܠܗܘܢ ‎Low‏ ܗܠܝܢ.. ܐܝܟ ! ‎où‏ ܕܗܐ
ܐܕܝܓ ܚܦܝܛ ܗܘܐ. ܘܕܠܐ ܐܢܫ ‎sos‏ ܡܕܡ 4229 ܗܘܐ .. ܦܪܩ ܗܘܐ ‎esu‏
‏ܒ ܡܝܢ ‎LS‏ ܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ ‎Sas‏ ܒܡܡܠܝܐܐ.. ܘܬܐ ܗܘܐ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܬܠܬ ܙܒܢ̈ܝܢ܂.
‎ass corio‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘ ܘܐܙܠ 39$[ ܗܘܐ ܚܡܪܐ ܘܡܫܪܝܐ܂ ܘܡܿܫܝܝ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ .
ܘܡܚܕܗܿ 45 ܗܘܐ ‎Loi‏ ܓܢܘܣܬܐ ܕܗܽܘܝܐ ܗܘܬ ‎mx‏ ܓܒܐ ܐܝܟ ‎RI IET‏
ܘܠܚܕ ܐܝܟ ‎TE‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎Lis‏ > ܒܕܘܟܬܐ ܒܘܪܟܬܐ ܝܫܡܝܢܝܬ|,. ܥܕܡܐ ‎[Cw]‏
‎amoena:‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܐܪ̈ܒܥܝܢ ܓܒܪ̈ܝܢ ܡܕܡ ‎wi:‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܗܿ. ܘܡܿܝܬܐ ܗܘܐ ܡܢܗ̇ ܘܥܒܕ
‎sos‏ - ܘܗܿܝܕܚܚܢ ܡܢܝܚ ܗܘܐ ‎"2o seo] «36 οὐ‏ ܗܘܐ ‎Jo Wale‏
‎Rp‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܢܤܕܒܪ ‎où‏ ܕܠܐ ܡܦܦ̱ܼܣ ܗܘܐ ‎Jane ο ο...‏ ܕܒܒܠ
ܝܘܡ܂ ܗܟܢܐ ܒܣܝܡ ‎Jon‏ ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ‎mes‏ ܗܘܐ ܐܨ ܐܡܪ ܗܘܐ.. ‎Cad‏ | ܠܝ
ܕܥܡ ܡܪܝ ܝܫܘܥ ܐܟܠ ‎μὲ [iso μὲ‏ ܝܘܡܢܐ. ܘܟܠ ܟܡܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܢܗܘܐ ܗܘܐ

ܐܟܣܢܝܐ ܠܘܬܗ. ܗܘܬܐ ܐܟܠ ܘܬܐ ܗܘܐ .ܬ ܕܝܐܝܬ܂ ܕܠܐ ‎Rae‏ ܘܡܚܕܗ ܕܝܢ

1] ply

or many, not allowing them 0 speak nor to refuse. And, alter he had
washed them, he would hastily raise this water to his own face and his
arms, just as il he were desirous of washing: and, that no ouc might under-
stand what he was doiug, he would withdraw to ouc side while these men
were occupied in conversation; and he would drink of it three times, and then
leave them; and he would go and pour out wine and oil and anoiut thens And
immediately lie would run to that garden, ‏ܨ ܣ‎ measured about ten eubits
one way, and about twenty the other cand the heavenly blessing rested upon
the place to such an extent that what was sown in it was enough for forly
men), and he would bring something from it and eook à dish, and then he
would entertain whoever might be there, and he would make merm and
joyfully eat and drink, so that anyone. who was not aequaiuted with tlie
saints love and his manner of life would think that ie enjoyed himself iu
this way every day. — But he would say iu cheerful exultation, € Blessed
am E that Fam to-day eating and drinking with iny Lord Jesus ». For, When-
ever there was a stranger with him, he would thus jovfnlly eat aud drink
without reserve; and, as soon us there was no siruiger, he would go as
