‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. 94‏ 04
ܚܕܐ ‎Ie] esy!‏ ܗܽܘܝܬܐ ܠܡܬܚܦܛܘ ܘܠܡܼܚܬ܇̈ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܩܕܡ ܡܦܩܢܗ ܕܡܢ
ܦܓܪܐ ‎Joel]‏ ܠܒܘܪܟܬܗ. ܘܐܠܗܐ ܡܪܚܡܢܐ ܕܚܙܐ ‎Io‏ ܕܡܚܝܠܘܬܝ. ‎ots‏
‏ܒܦܓܪ ܥܕܡܐ ܕܐܘܪܬܢܚܥ ܩܠܝܠ ܡܢ ܡܪ̈ܗܛܘܗܝ.. ܐܦܢ ܐܢܐ ܗܘܺܝܬ ‎Lino‏
‏ܕܩܢܝܢܗ. ‎eias]‏ ܕܝܢ ‎δικη‏ ܚܕܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ‎Ju Jess; [53.5 Lois‏
ܘܕܟܠܗܘܢ ‎Je fs‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܐܝܟܐ ܕܗܘܦܐ ‎as‏ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ‎NS soma‏
ܡܥܘܒܫ ‎Jos‏ ܘܗܘܼܘ ‎Bus o‏ ܐܟܙ ܙܬ ܕܒܥܝ̣ܩܒܐ ܕܚܟܚܝܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎sas‏ ܕܥܠܝܼܬ
ܠܘܬܗ ‎ruo‏ ܢܫܥܬܐ ܚܕܐ ܗܘܐ ܟܕ ܥܦܝܩ ܠܝ ܘܒܝܿܟܐ܂ ܘܠܐ ‎poio sas [γιὸ‏
ܘܐܝܬܝܘ ܠܗ ‎We.nao Lio‏ ܒܕܒܥܗܼ ‎aso où di lo‏ ܡܫܝܐ ܘܟܦ ‎οἱ»‏
‏ܟܕ ‎AD is‏ ܘܗܝܙܝܢ ܡܠܠ ܘܐܸܡ̣ܪ.. ‎laeso],‏ ܡܢ ܗܟܐ ‎pow Mya‏

‏ܕܝܢ ܝܘܡܬܐ ‎Jos‏ ܥܒܝܕܬ ܠܘܬܗ܂. ܐܬܘ ܐܟܣܢ̈ܝܐ ܠܘܬܗ. ܘܟܕ ‎ο‏
‏ܗܘܐ ܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ܬܪ̈ܬܝܗܝܢ ܥܠ ‎faïso ei‏ ܗܘܐ. ‎Lilo‏ ܐܡܪܬ ‎ko‏ ܠܗ. ܕܡܛܠ
ܡܢܐ ‎as‏ ܐܢܬ ܐܒܘܢ.. ‎«us ἕως‏ ܘܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ܂ ܕܡ̈ܥܘܗܝ ܙܵܕܹܝܝܢ ܗܘ̈ܝ. ܘܒܚܐܥ̈ܓܬܗ

‎τι Ms. ‏ܐܡܚܙܬ ܙܒܢ‎ with marks of transposition.

‎dowu even from Constantinople ', in order to gain his blessing before his
departure from the. body ; aud the mereifnl God, who saw the desire of my
1 (0 preserved. him in the body till he had made me heir to à sinall
portion οἳ his goods, thongli ( for my part turned out à squauderer of his
property. E found {hat for one year he had been laid np with disease of
the liver aud of tlie spleen aud of all the internal organs, insomueh ihat the
breath which: eame up from inside him used to eanse his tongue to dry up,
ard eraeks appeared on it, as on a. harefooted mans heel. When he heard
tiat ddl come dn to. fiin and saw qme, he went on for an hour embraeing
me and. weeping. and unable to speak: and he beekoned and. they. brought
him water. atil he took. some on his finger and wetted his 1ongue: and he
took oil and smeared it on it while we both wepl; and then lie spoke. and
said. « Now that | lave seen my son, let me die», After I had spent a few
days with him. some strangers came to him: and, when he saw them, he
placed. both his hands on his heil, and went on weeping.— And I said to
hin: + Wlerefore do von weep, our father?» aud he looked at me; and his
tears went où lowing more than before : and iu the midst of Iis sighs he said

‎pod de canot lie earlier than απ 9 < and therofare, if we reckon 10 $ears froin 483. p. 85,

‎DES suppose Hiat πο dived 17 vears dn the deerepil slale deserihed. above. Moreover

‎à ven below ae 11:6 full diues o£ dis seclusiun, whieh (therefore. did. not begin before
