Sr LIVES OF ABRATAM AND MABO, 41

‎as‏ ܠܢ ܠܐ ܡܨܝܢ. ܡܛܠ ܕܣܓܺܝܐܝܢ ܐܢܘܢ ܕܥܡܢ ܡܢ ܕܥܡܗܘܢ. ܗܠܝܢ
ܕܝܢ ܡܢ ‎Dr0‏ ܠܐ ܐܡܿܪܬ ܠܟܝܘܢ.. ܕܢܫܡܿܠܐ ܐܦ ‎xi‏ ܗܺܝ ܕܟܠܝܢܫ. ܐܠܘ ܓܝܪ
ܦܫܝܩ ܗܘܐ ܠܚ ܐܦ ܐܢܐ ܒܪܩ ܗܘܝܬ. ܡܛܠ ܕܠܐ ܢܗܘܐ ‎«duram‏ ܕܒܝܡܝܕܡܟ
ܡܫܬܙܝܢܢ ܡܢ ‎vu: bis‏ ܐܢܫܐ . ܙܘܶܢܘܢ! ܕܢ ‎(ans,‏ ܠܘܬܗ ܟܕ ܛܒ ܠܒܫܒܝܢ
ܗܘܘ ‎ts‏ ܠܝܒܗܘܢ ‎sf}‏ ܗܘܐ ,. ‎«οσο! La EN δα No‏ ܘܐܪܝܚܡܼ̣ܝܘ
ܠܬܝܢܝܗܘܢ ‎NEMO‏ ܘܗܐ ‎JL‏ ܕܦܪ̈ܫܐ ܒܠܩ ܥܠ ܕܝܪܐ. 850 ܗܼܢܘܢ ܘܐܬܕܘܕܘ.
ܘܪܗܼܛܘܢ ܠܘܬ ܛܘܒܢܐ ‎“lo‏ ܡܪܝ ‎Jy‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܣܡ̣ܟܬ ‎νο «λα.‏ ܡܢܐ
‎Jot Aera‏ ܟܪܝܟܚܝܢ ‎«Ὁ‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܥܠ ‎sf cons)‏ ܗܘܐ ܟܕ ‎«eel‏ ܕܡܢܐ
‎us‏ ܐܝܬ ܠܝ ܕܐܡܿܪ. ‎Jus‏ ܛܒܐ ܢܦܫܝ ܡܢ ܗܠܚܝܢ ܟܘܠܗܘܢ ܕܡܡܦܣܩܝܢ
ܘܢܝܼܕܝܢ ‎x] Noo aot‏ ܡܢ ܚܚ̈ܘܬܐ ܘܡܢ ܦܕ̈ܝܚܬܐ°. ‎Js‏ ܕܝܢ ‎I‏ ܟܕ
ܥܠ ܦܠܝܓ.ܗ ‎Hs:‏ ܠܝܕܝܪܐ ‎asus‏ ܐܕܪܟܘܢ ܒܢܫ̈ܢܫܐ ܕܬܬܪܟܝܢ ‎MON‏ ܕܝܪܗ
ܕܛܘܒܬܐ.. ` ܘܒܝܠܠܬܐ ‎ND aas] Lootads‏ ܘܡܬܛܚܘ, ܥܕܡܐ ‎eA NS‏
ܕܕܝܪܐ. ܘܘܠܝܚܝܢ ‎eA DRM!‏ ܗܘܘ ܩܕܡܝܗܘܢ ‎Sc‏ ܐܥܬܘܙܒܘ. ܘܗܠܚܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܐܢܢܐ

‎1, Ms, ‏ܗܢܘܢ‎ — 2, Ms, willi stop”.

‎die in sin; but, if not, men eannot. kill us, because * they who are witli us
are more than they who are with teni ( But these things ΓΕ did? not παν
to vou before, in order that we ourselves also may fullil every mans Dot; for
011 were open to ime Falso would have fled, in order that we may nol seem
to be in any thing better than the rest of men». But the heart of tliose who
had remained with him was agitated, thongh they were encouraged by. him,
and they eontinued peering out on all sidez, aud they. lilted up their eyes
and see, and lo! à host of. horsemen appeared before the. monastery: and
they themselves trembled and were disturbed : aud they ran to the blessed
man and say : « Sir, pray, heeause the evil has come. Sir. what hall we
do? Lol!they surround ux »,.— But the blessed man eontinued beating on his
lace, saving, « What, my sons, eau [ sav? — What? Am (| ‏ܐ ܣ‎ better than
all those who are now being cut in pieces and east out; and ire being eaten
by heasts and. by birds? ».— But the host of the. barbarians, when they 1
reached. à distanee of half a mile from the. monastery overtook men who
were Îleeing toward tlie hlessed man's monastery, anc. willi eries 1
1 their lauguage they pursued them, and they advineed as far is the mens
tery fence; and those who were flecinge before them eseaped inside. Aud

‎1. 1] Kings, ναὶ 16. — 2. Or did 15 E do nol follow the sremiuent.
PATU. OR, — T. NNUS — Ἐν |. η

‎τὼν

‎a.
