]0 2 LIVES OF ABRAITAM AND MARO. 69

ܡܦܣܝܢ ܗܘܗ ܒܗ ܚܬܝܬܐܝܬ: ‎vM‏ ܗܘܘ ܠܝܗ ‎Lisa M76‏ ܕܗܟܢܐ ܡܬܐܠܨ
ܒܟܢܘܫܝܐܼ ܕܥܡܐ ܘܩܝܥܐ: ܕܡܝܒܝܛܠܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ ܡܢ ܥܢܝܢܐ ܕܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ ..
ܡܬܕܡܪܝܢ ° ܗܘܘ ܛܒ '. ܒܙܒܢ ܕܝܢ ܬܘܒ ܐܬܐ ܓܒܪܐ ܚܕ ܥܠܡܝܐ ܠܘܬܗ . ܕܐܢܬܬܗ
ܥܩܪܬܐ ܗܘܐ . ܘܠܐ ܗܘܶܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎wo Las GS‏ ܗܘܐ ܨܒܝܢܗ.. ܘܩܕܢܬܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܘܬܗ
ܦܪܗܣܝܐ.. ܘܒܣܘܩܟܬܐ ܥܠ ܘܐܫܟܚܗܢ. ܟܕ ‎δα.‏ ܛܦܪ̈ܘܗܝ. ܡܛܠ ܕܥܥ̈ܝܢܢ
#0 ܛܦܪ̈ܐ ܕܪ̈ܓܠܘܗܝ.. ܥܕܡܐ ܕܕܒܥܐ ‎το οἱ‏ ܝܙ̈ܟܢ ܗ̈ܘܝ. ܘܟܕ ‎uo er‏
‎uiae‏ ܢܡܠܠ܂ ‎pe]‏ ܠܝܗ. ܡܪܝ ‎Jy‏ ܥܠ ܐܡܬܟ ܕܢܗܘܘܢ ܠܗ̇ ܒܝ̈ܢܝܐ܂. ܕܠܝܬ
ܠܝ ܝܪܬܐ ܘܣܒܪܐ ܕܒܝܬܝ. ‎oon‏ ܕܝܢ ܚܪ ‎DS jl. Ale Je os‏
ܐܝܟܢܐ ܠܐ ‎ask‏ ܐܢܬ ‎JLës‏ ܕܠܘܐ ܕܘܳܝܐ ܕܟܠܗܘܢ ܒܝ̈ܢܝ ܐܢܢܐ ܡܡܠܠ ܐܢܬ.
‎μα‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܠܘܬܝ ‎pl‏ ܐܢܬ. ܠܐ ܓܝܪ ‎Roses‏ ܠܛܘܒܢܐ ܫܠܝܚܐ ܕܐܡܿܪ. ܕܢ
ܒܝܬܐ ‎ans) J| eas,‏ ܐܢܥ ܕܢܕܒܪ ܫܦܝܪ: ܐܝܟܢܝܐ ܡܫܝܟܝ ܥܕܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ
‎Leon Hs αλ...‏ ܥܩܪܬܐ ܒܨܒܝܢܗܿ ܡܢ ܝ̈ܠܝܼܕܐ
ܕܛܒ̈ܬܐ: ‎ado‏ ܒܚܕ ‎Js.) edes,‏ ܝ̈ܠܕܐ ‎μα: μον‏ ܥܠ ‎δ» Li‏

1. Ms. with stop”. — 2. Ms. ‏ܒ‎ corr. L. wilhout note.

blessed man thus distressed by the multitude of people and crying that they
hindered him from holding intercourse with God, wondered greatly. Oncea
certain layman came to him whose wife was barren and bore no children;
and he knew his disposition, and had gained the privilege of free speech
(παῤῥησίκ) with him. and by chance he came in and found him removing his
nails, because his toe-nails were of vigorous growth, so that they were a
finger or two fingers long. And, having praved and sat down and begun
to speak, he says to him : « Sir, pray for your bondmaid that she may have
children, since | have no heir and hope of my house.» But he looked at him
and wondered, and' he says to him : « Then (Xx), so-and-so, how is it
that you do not eonsider the words that you are speaking to the most wretehed
of all men? How is it that you say these things to me? Have you not
heard the blessed apostle saving, ‘If à man hath. not been able to rule his
own house aright, how will he be able-to rule God's church,*? How will
one who has not been able to pray for his soul, which has become by its
disposition barren ol the progeny of good deeds, and through his prayer
made it fruitful in spiritual progeny, be able to pray for women that thev

1, Ms. om, — 2, E Tin, 3 ὃν

* 165 1? b.
