‎LIVES OF SIMEON AND SERGIUS. 101‏ ]101[
ܟܘܠܢ ܒܟܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ ܥܡܗ. ܟܕ ܕܚܢ ܥܠܝ ܩܠܝܠ ܘܡܠܠܘܢ. ‎«as‏ ܕܢܬܬܢܝܚ
ܛܘܒܢܐ ‎Ra‏ + ܐܝܟ ‎À‏ + ܥܡܠܐ ‎FLN‏ ܗܘܐ ܕܐܘܪܚܐ. ܘܟܕ ܝܘܡܐ ܚܕ
ܘܬܪ̈ܝܢ ‎Χίλα) «foot‏ ܡܘܡ̈ܬܗܢ. ܘܒܚܕܪ̈ܡܘܗܝ ‎sud] sena‏ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܕܪܕܦܫܝܢ
ܠܥܕܬܗ ܩܕܝܫܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܡܬ ܚܦܛ ܗܘܐ. ܘܟܕ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܟܠܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܘܐܸܡܿܪ: ܕܒܪܝ
ܒܐܓܘܢܐ ‎bé‏ ܐܢܬ ‎καθ‏ ܘܒܚܕ ܐܢܫܐ ܚܪܡܐ ‎Jo‏ 3 ܥܬܝܕ ܐܢܬ ܕܬܦܝܼܠ:
ܘܢܣܝܘܢܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܟ ܕܬܣܐܝܒܪ!. ‎οοι ο...‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܣܪܓܝܣ ܐܡܪ ‎o‏
‎seal‏ ܨܠܐ ܥܠܝ ܡܛܠ ܡܪܢ. ܡܛܠ ‎LU) ak LS μὴ‏ ܘܥܡ ‎Pass‏
‎vp‏ ܠܐܠܗܐ܂. ܥܕܡܐ ‎Jlas‏ ܡܬ݀ܟܬܦ ܐܢܐ. ܘܠܐ ܡܡܕܚܠܝܢ ܠܝ ܠܐ ‎ο;‏ ܘܠܐ ‎Je‏
‏ܘܠܐ ‎Loro‏ ܐܠܐ ‎LE 4ος‏ ܥܠܚ. ‎Lisa «Ὁ oo‏ ܟܕ ܚܙܐ ܚܝܠܬܢܘܬܗ ܘ݀ܛܘܝܒܗ.
‎ού μαο ops‏ ܟܕ ‎NET ERI‏ ܢܝܠܟ ܒܪܝ ܙܠ ܒܫܠܡܐ. ܛܘܒܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܣܪܓܝܣ

‎*

‏ܦܩ ‎So‏ ܠܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܒܫܘܡܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܕܚܕ 5.5 ܡܢ ܨܦܪܐ. ܗܝܕܝܢ ‎LS‏
‎ὁ}‏ ܘܟܕ ‎Sas‏ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܒܬܪ ܬܫܟ̈ܚܝܬܐ ‎vM hos‏ ܗܘܘ: ܘܐܦ ‎ass où‏

‎1. Ms. om. slop.

‎silent for a little time aud longer (μαλλον), he gave orders that the blessed
Sergius should retire to rest, inasmueh as he was wearv [rom the effort of
tlie walk. After a day and two davs had passed, lie was desirous of carrying
out his oatlis and hurling anathemas at them, the men who were persecuting
God's holy ehnreh..— And, when the blessed man tried to restrain and
said, « My son, you are throwing yourself iuto à struggle (ἀγών), and vou
are about to fall into the hand of eruel aud mereiless men, aud you have ἃ
trial to endure. Beware », the blessed Sergius said to him : « Our father,
pray for me for our Lord's sake; because Ε for my part am prepared for
sulfering, and | will contend until death with the renegades who malign
God, and fire will not frighten me, nor sword, nor scourgings, nor rakes'.
But only prav for me »..— Bat the blessed man, when he saw his firmness aud
readiuess, blessed him and sent him away, saying, « Our Lord strengthen
you, my son. Go iu peace ». But the blessed Sergius sot ont and reached
the city on the holy first day ol the week at daybreuk. Then he went straight
to the church; and, while the whole city were sittiug? after the morning
lauds, among them he also who enjoved the name of ( bishopric*, and

‎τὸ Instruments. of turlure. — 2. This seems lo. show Hiat at 11101 time Eastern congregalions sat
(no doubt on the floor) during the sermon. — 3. Abraham of Amida.

‎* > v? à.
