116 JOHN OF EPIIESUS. [116]

ܘܗܠܝܢ ‎Ivo cel‏ ܦܘܠܘܣ ‎Lise‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܝ. ܡܛܠ ܕܬܒܥ ܗܿܘܝܬ ܠܗ ܙܒܢ̈ܬܐ
ܣܓܺܝܐܬܐ ܕܐܙܠ ‎sede] Roc‏ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܐܒܐ ܠܒܕܕܬ ‎Majo μον»)‏ ܠܗܠܝܢ
‎να...‏ ܙܘܟܕ̈ܝܐ܆. ‎caet‏ ܗܘܘ ܒܝܕܘܟܬܐ ܗܕܐ. ‎ood‏ ܕܝܝܢ ‎y‏ ܕܢܪܕܘܦ ‎οκ‏
‏ܠܫܘܒܙܘܐܐ - ܐܡܪ ܗܘܐ ܠܝ. ‎xt‏ ܒܪܝ ܠܐ ܟܝܢ ܘܠܐ ܟܝܢ ‎ο κο‏ ܐܠܘ ‎μα)‏
‏ܙܟܐ܂ ܘܐܝܟܢܐ ‎NE‏ ܡܣܬܟܠܝܝܢ ‎οἶκον‏ ܕܥܘ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܡܢ ܚܕܐ ܕܘܘܬܐ ‎αν,‏
‏ܘܒܨܝܪܬܐ ‎he yh‏ ܐܠܐ ܘܡܢ ܟܠ ‎e» is‏ ܒܙܩܚܦܐ ‎ail)‏ ܘܐܬܕܼܬܦܠܘ
‎“His alex‏ ܟܕ ܣܓܕܬܗܘܢ ܡܢܗܘܢ ‎wenns‏ ܘܣܓ̈ܘܕܝܗܘܢ ܠܘܬ ܙܩܝܦܐ
‎καθ]‏ ܘܦܘ̈ܡܝܗܘܢ ‎ia‏ ܘܒܬܙܘ̈ܘܡܐ ܬܚܚ̈ܬܝܐ ‏ ܛܒܥ ‎οὐ‏ ܗܟܢܐ ‎oo‏ ܡܢ
ܗܪܟܐ ܒܚܝܠܗ ‎«οι Loos Lig‏ ܣܝܪ̈ܘܝܝܫܬܐ ܐܬܪܕܦܝܘܢ. ܘܠܝ ‎Bin‏
‏ܠܝܬܫܒܘܚܬܗ. ܘܗܠܚܝܝܢ ‎us‏ ܗܘܼ ‎Lise‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܝ . ܒܚܪܬܐ ܕܢ ܟܕ ‎oc)‏

ܐܬܡܥ ,. ‎is‏ ܐܢܥܐ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܠܘܬܗ ‎v‏ ܗܘܘ. ܘܐܦ ܬܠܡܡܝܕܐ . ܐܝܟ ‎fes‏

000 ܠܗ ‎ol.‏ ܟܢ ‎Sos el‏ ܕܚܕܫܚܠܝܢ ‎eoe‏ ݀̈ܙܘܢܐ ‎ολοι‏ ܗܘܘ ‎à»‏
‏ܒܕܘܟܬܐ. ܘܗܘܠܚܢ ܕܐ݀ܬܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܘܬܗ .. ܐܢ ܕܢܥܡܪܘܢ ܘܐܸܢ ‎ο‏ ܡܿܝܩܝܕܡ
ܗܘܐ ܘܡܿܙܝܢ ܠܗܘܢ. ܟܕ ܐܸܡܿܪܿ. ‎αὐ!‏ ܗܼܘ ܕܬܚܚܙܘܢ ܡܕܡ ‎«eso οἱ‏ ܩܠܐ ܐܝܢܐ ‎«oon.‏

1. ο init. eraed. — 2. 0 ins, in later hand, — 3. Ms. m

quered! »..— These things the holy Paul used to repeat to me, because many
times when I went to him Ὁ used to inquire of him, « How, father, did you
carry on the conlliet. with ie strange powers who haunted this place and
overeome them?» But he, in order to expel and repress pride, would say to
me :« We, my son, should not have overeome nor should we be victorious,
unless the cross had overcome. Aud, as we see, if we lave understanding,
that the hosts ol Satan have been expelled and hurled down by the same
eross not only. from one small aud. insignificant place like this, but also
from all quarters, in that it has deprived them of tlie Worship paid to them,
and. caused their worshippers to turn to the eross, and elosed their mouths,
and wlielmed them in the Towest abysses, so also from this place too these
malignant spirits have been expelled by the power of the cross, aud it has
strengthened me for its glory ». These few words he himself would repeat
tones Dut at last, when his fame had been spread. about, manv men used
to resort Lo bin, ἀπ he also ` about ten disciples there, while even
STE Site ihat were seen in the plaee were fearful, and, when men came
lo him. whether 10 reside or to stay. [or a Uie. he would ann them before-

haud, καν αντ W so be von see anvthing or hear aux sound whatsoever,
