* 32 5 b.

114 IOIIN OF EPHESUS. Tm
faxol Jo pis ‏ܒܡܕܢܚܝܗ̇ ܬ ܐ. ܘܠ ܨܠܝܘܬܐ܂ 9 ܒܪܡ ܕܙܝܿܨܠܐ. ܘܟܕ‎ Jake)
‏ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܐ‎ τοδὶ [1-5 ‏ܒܗ‎ Doce ‏ܡܝܢ‎ Jo [Rss JS Dl
‏ܥܕܡܐ ܠܐܝܟܐ‎ iso «ooa ‏ܐܢܫܐ ܠܡܝܠܠܘ ܟܢ‎ miss ‏ܢܬܡܨܘܢ "ܐܠܦܐ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ‎
mon ‏ܗܘܝܬ‎ κανό ‏ܕܐܡܿܐܪ ܗܘܐ ܛܘܒܢܐ̇. ܕܐܠܘ ܥܘܕܪܢܐ ܕܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܠܐ ܐܕܪܟܢܝܚ܆.‎
“τὶ ‏ܒ ܠܝ‎ i ‏ܗܘܝܬܐ ܠܝ ܘܨ ܠܫ‎ Be) 9p ‏ܡܝܢ‎ eh μα]
‏ܘܒܚܝܪܬܐܼ‎ Los ‏ܒܬܘܟܠܝܢܐ‎ koë «2028.30 ‏ܘܗܟܢܐ ܠܡ‎ «οὖι JLos ‏ܒܥܙܝܙܘܬܗ‎
‎. JI ‏ܘܐܢ ܕܝܢ‎ x Nes fac L2»el kh [Lo Assas ‏ܠܒܪ ܡܢ ܬܪܥܐ‎
ao JS ‏ܗܘܝܬ. ܘܐܢܬ ܡܢ ܕܘܟܬܢ‎ λος ‏ܥܠܝܢ ܐܐ‎ Jamal ‏ܐܢܬ ܣܝܪܐ‎
‏ܠܝ ܕܢܦܕܩܘܢ ܠܗܘܢ ܠܒܪ ܡܢ‎ ML ‏ܗܘܝܬ܆. ܘܐܢܬ ܥܐ ܐܠ ܝܬܒ ܒܙܘܿ. ܗܝܕܝܢ ܟܕ‎
he ‏ܐܬܚ ܝܠܬ‎ μὲ ele Ae MM ‏ܩܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ‎ M ‏ܦܘܡܗ̇ ܕܡܥܪܬܐ ܘܡܢ‎
‏ܡܝܬ ܟܬܫ ܐܢܐ ܥܡܟܘܢ‎ QD, Jus ‏ܕܐܦ ܐܢܐ ܒܗ ܒܙܩܝܦܐ܂ ܘܠܝܘ‎ «cola
‏ܡܫܟܪ̈ܐ‎ Lo ‏ܒܡܥܪܬܐ ܟܕ‎ ds ‏ܗܘܝܬ‎ ολ”, arrêt ‏ܐܢܐ ܠܟܘܢ. ܘܡܢ‎ 9e
‏ܠܝ.‎ 000! «a με JUN ‏ܘܢܝܘܟܪ̈ܝܝܢ!‎ EST ‏ܘܕܸܡܹܝܘܵܬܐ : ܣܓ̈ܚܐܬܐ‎

1. Ms, bere

day he. planted his eross in the midst of that cave, and hung up a bag of
saints! at the east end of dt and knelt in it fo pray à praver. And,
while he was. kneeling, frequent. sounds of loud aud. violent howling were
siddeulv heard. in the euve itself, sneh 1 many thousands of men if
hey joined together would not be able to howl so loud, so much so that
the blessed man used. to. sav, « If help from God had not reaclied me, 1
should have sone ont of my mind; so that D was indeed. already. dazed.
and my head became dizzy, and my ears rang from the violence οἱ
that sound, And thus E remained. constant in trust on God; and at [ast I
heard à voire outside. ie door, saving, “Mack! the cross has laid us
low: otherwise vou with the dirty hood would not have laughed at us:
and js not vou who woull have ejected ns from our place, and come in
and settled ii it (60 Then, when ] saw that τον had gone outside
He mouth. of the. eave. and. were erving to me from outside, 1 rejoiced ;
sind Falso was strengrlliened, aid | sai to them : ΣΤ also. am conteuding
with veu and espelling. vou by. (die. eros itself, not by. my own streugth”.
Aul From that dime 1 remained settled in the. cave, while they used to dis-
play before: me foul visions and. many. fearful shapes strange to the sight

oen s. ΤῊ and 45.

