“av b.

‎us JOHN Ot EPHESUS. 108]‏
ܐܬܕܠܚܘܢ. ܘܠܝ̣ܼܩܪܘ ‎ede»‏ ܘܐܦܕܘܘܗܝ. ‎oo‏ ܕܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ܂ ܠܐ ‎«Xl‏ ܡܝܢ ‎Sur‏
‏ܒܗܘܢ ܡܘܡܡܬܗ. ܐܠܐ ܒܪܗ ܒܠܠܝ ܐ ‎lo ass‏ ܙܠ ܠܘܬ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܡܪܘܢ ‎où‏ ܕܐܣܬܛܘܢܐ.
ܡܛܘܠ ܕܒܫ̈ܘܡܬܗ ‎Lou‏ ܗܕܐ ‎Ὁ‏ ܟܕ ܥܕܟܝܠ ܚܝ ‎Jon‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎Luis où lh‏
‎μοι» xem‏ ܐܓܘܢܐ ܕܠܘܩܒܠ ܗܪ̈ܛܝܩܘ ܡܶܡܬܟܬܫ ܗܘܐ . ܐܠܐ ‎oux‏ ܛܒ ܚܝܓܝܢ
ܗܘܘ ‎Lao‏ ܐܦܝ̈ܣܩܘܦܐ ܕܢܫܥܕܪܘܢ܆. ‎οἱ‏ ܐܢܫ ܢܡܪܚ ܘܢ݀ܥܘܠ ܠܕܝܪܗ. ܐܠܐ ܐܢ
‎SN‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܒܣܘܩܟܠܐ ܢܥܘܠ ܗܘܐ ܐܢܝܚ ܡܝܢ ܩܠܝܪܘܣ ܠܘܬܗ ܆. ܕܗܼܘ ܒܕܒܝܢܗ
ܡܳܥܐ ܗܘܐ ܢܦܫܗ ܒܬܓܡܝܢ̈ܗܘܢ ‎addon‏ ܘܟܕ ܒܗܝܬ ܡܽܘܕܐ ܗܘܐ ܒܒ ܝܘܐ
ܗܝܡܢܘܬܗܘܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎«Ὁ‏ ܐܦܝ̈ܣܩܘܦܐ ‎os‏ ܘܡܝܬܘ ܒܬܪ ‎«αἱ Jo Jn‏
‎CESR‏ ܠܩܕܝܫܐ ܡܪܘܢ. ܗܽܘ ܕܝܢ ‎JA:‏ ܒܫܘܒܗܪܐܗ ܐܝܟ ‎eS,‏ ܠܗܿܢܘܢ
ܕܥܒܕܘܗܝ.. ‎ΑΝ αὶ‏ ܘܐܡܪܚ܂ ܘܐܙܠ ܠܘܬܗ ‎sas‏ ܟܕ ܡܠܟ ‎AO "Jo‏
‎où‏ ܕܢܥܒܕܗ ܡܫܥܒܕܐ ܠܪܘܫܠܐ ‎Lans‏ ܕܣܘܙܗܕܘܣ ܡܒܚܪܡܬܐ ‎Donna‏
‏ܘܡܛܠ ܕܓܒܪܐ 59[ ܘܡܿܡܫܡܗܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎Jon‏ ܗܢܐ ‎οοι ἐς‏ ܗܢܐ ܨܢܝܘܥܝܬܢ ܐܝܬ
ܡܬܦܪܣ ܗܘܐ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܢܕܘܕܝܘܗܝ ܐܦܢ ‎Ex hal‏ ܒܗ ܠܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ:.
ܘܢܐܡܪ ‎Jon‏ ܡܪܘܢ ܕܐܣܛܘܢܗ ܠܢ ܫܝ̈ܠܡ. ܗܳܝ ܕܐܠܘ ܒܥܪܪܐ ‎Jon Λαρς‏ ܐܦ

‎window, and dragged liim out. But the blessed man did not neglect to carry
out his < upon tliem; bat the same night he set out and went to the holy

‎Maro the stylite: beeanse this happened iu his days, while he was still alive,

‎even as he also eontended for twenty years in This struggle (ἀγών) against the
heretiest; but tlie. bisliops? were much ashauned before him. and. feared. 10
send, or anyone lo. presunie? to enter hiis monastery ; uuless perhaps one of
the elergy (2905) came in Lo him as it were by 61:10), who had voluntarily
numbered. himself in the ranks of the hereties, and being ashamed acknow-
lodgred. the. falsity of theie?. εν And thus (wo. bishops passed away and
died one after Uie other, and none molested the holy Maro*..— But the third,
in order to gratify those who appointed him, was lifted up in his pride and
presumed. to gi to the blessed inan, advising and admonishing and cajoling
hir, in order to bring him into subjection to the evil impicty of the aecursed
synod of Chalerdon. And, beeause this was à great and eclebrated inan,
this nur eraltily sought means lo cateh him ‏ܙ1]):1(1‎ in specel, in order by him
lo deccive mauy, unl say « Lo! Maro of his column agrees witli as »; and,

‎FOU b der] do ‏)ܣ‎ - 0 whalb Ils allides, — 2. Re 5 see qn a6, ταν ἂν Nie sur, — 1, As

‎Ihi e dear between 91(( αμα 222. Mie -neeession ed bishops od Tusils mist have been rapid,
in 99 ῃ bete liebt re ace tAaebs 111(. 111 95

