‎JOUN OF EPHESUS. 9 [104,‏ ^10
ܘܟܕ ‎οὐ Ναὶ‏ ܐܘܠܘܣ[. ‎pl cr‏ ܚܫ̈ܘܬܐ ‎bis «axe Jk‏ ܒܕܒܪܐ
ܘܣܟ̈ܟܢ ‎SAS‏ ܟܠܗܝܝܢ: ܘܟܠ ܚܕܐ ܡܢܗܝܢ ܡܪܣ ܕܝܠܗܿ ܢܬܐ ܡܢܗ,. ܗܟܢܐ
ܟܠܗܘܢ ܡܢ ܟܠ ܓܟ̈ܝܢ ܥܠ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܣܪܓܝܣ ܒܥܪܝܪܐܝܬ ܣܟܝܼܟܘܢ. ܐܝܟܢܐ
9 ܢܡܼܠܐ ܦܓܪܗ ܠܟܠ ܚܕ ‎oo‏ ܕܐܝܟܐ ܟܝܢ ܚܪܡܘܬ ܨܒܝܢܗ ܘܢܣܪܘܚ
ܒܡܚܘܬܗ, ܘܒܚܪܬܐ ܟܕ | ‎Spa‏ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܟܘܠܗܿ ‎Ενας‏ ܕܒܝܫܘܬܗܘܢ.. ܐܦ ܣܥܪܐ
ܕܙܙܝܪܘܬܗ ܓܕܪܥܘ. ܡܛܠ ܕܒܐܣܟܝܡܐ ‎Jia.‏ ܕܐܒܝܼܚܠܘܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ ‎oo‏ ?
ܘܐܼܦ ‎isa‏ ܫܡܥܘܢ ܪܒܗ. ܘܐܪܡܝܘ ܒܗ ܦܪ̈ܙܠܐ܂. ܘܐܫܠܡ̣ܘ ܠܗ ܓܒܪ̈ܐ܂. ܘܢܕܪܘܗܝ
ܠܕܝܪܐ ܚܕܐ ܕܐܒܝܚ̈ܝܠܐ ܕܒܝܐܪܡܢܝܐ. ܕܡܬܩܪ ܪܝܐ ‎ga]‏ ܗܺܝ ‎as,‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ
ܠܟܪܣܬܛܝܢܐ ܕܢܬ ܚܒܫ ܒܓܘܒܐ ܬܚܬܝܐ ‎Mana‏ ܐܣܚܪ̈ܐ܂. ܘܠܐ ‎μοὶ cs‏ ܓܝܪ
ܕܥܬܡܢ ‎.joo axo‏ ܡܟܝܠ܂ ܠܦܣܩ ܣܒܪܐ ܕܠܓܡܪ ‎Jon Ex‏ ܡܛܘܠ
‎Jlouno‏ ܒܚܥ̈ܬܐ ܕܕܠܐ ܬܚ ܘܡܐ ‎Ram:‏ ܗܘܘ ‎où‏ ܕܡܘܐܬܕܪ ܗܘܐ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ.

‏ܡܛܠ ܕܣ݀ܓܝ ‎wd‏ ܗܘܘ ܒܬܪܥܝܬܐ ܕܗܪܣܝܣ.. ° ܘܐܝܟ ܙܕܚܩܘܬܐ ‎jaw‏

‎loo‏ ܠܗܘܢ ‎«δι‏ ܕܢܥܬܢܕܘܢ 115{ ܡܙܗ̈ܝܡܬܐ. ‎y Nea aseo‏ ܦܩܣܛܘܢܪ̈ܐ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ

‎1, Ms. pl. — 2. Ms, ‏ܝ‎ — 3. Ms. om. 5:

‎ben like ravening beasts who find à sleep iu a field and all attack it, each
of (hem teariug his own portion {μέρας from it, so they all savagely attacked
{πὰ blessed Sergius from all sides, so that even his body could. not supply
each of them with à place where he could exercise liis eruel disposition and
cause palu hy striking him. At last, when they had veuted al the venom
of their malice upon him, they went on to slave off the hair that marked his
ascetic profession ! vince. he as well as the blessed Simeon his master wore
che houconred habit 72452) of the anchoritie life), aud put irons upon him, and
assigned men to him, and sent him to à certain house of. anchorites in
Armenia that is ealled "tryvz, aud it would be better for à. Christian to. be
confined in the lowest dungeon in a prison than in hat monastery ; for auyoue
wlio was sent ορ was theneefortli reduced. to utter despair, on aecount
of the boundless severity of snllerings whieh? they used to intlict on the man
Αν was sent to them: since Τον were very zealous. for the tenets of the
heresy, and chey used to reckon dt as an act of justice fo torture. believers ;

‎and accordingly they wonll stand over them like execulioners not one or two

‎oi pps mens Ural thes shaved olt ilie Bain Ενα remained after Hie monastie fonsure, leasing

‎`

‎hien bald. oni.

