97) LIVES GF SIMEON AND SERGIUS. 97

‎«et αὐδι‏ ܠܐܦܚܝܣܩܘܦܗܘܢ: ‎EST vp‏ ܘܢܐܡܪܘܢ: ܕܠܝܬ ܠܡ ܡܕܡ ܕܒܚܝܫ:
ܐܠܐ ‎yes‏ ܘܩܝܿܒܠ.. ܟܕ ‎«ot‏ ܗܼܢܘܢ ‎Mans‏ ܘܒܣܤܫܝܡܐܝܬ: ܐܝܡ ‎Jh à‏
1

‏ܒܡܙܡܘܪܐ: ܕܪ̈ܟܝܟܢ ‎LAS‏ ܡܢ ܡܫܚܐ ܘܗ̈ܢܨܝܢ' ܠܘ̈ܠܝܬܐ܂. ܐܡܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ

‎où‏ ܐܝܟ ܡܶܢ ܕܚܪܝܦ ܗܘܐ ܒܡܠܬܗ ܘܒܠܛ2ܢܢܗ. ‎Es‏ ܡܢ ܟܘܬܐ ܕܝܠܗ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ..
ܕܩܘܡܘ ܦܘܩܘܢ ܡܟܐ ‎ass "cas‏ ܡܚܪܡܫܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܥܡ ‎Las Lisd a.‏
ܕܡܿܟܪܙܝܢ ‎quss ou)‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܠܝ ܕܪܒܫܥܚܘܬܐ ܐܩܝܿܒܠ ܚܠܦ ‎Pat‏
‎μόν of Neo‏ ܕܒܗ̇ ܐ ܬܚܬ ܡܬ ܠܦܘܪܩܢܐ ܕܚܝ̈ܝ. ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ܫܡܥܘ ܚܪܡܗܘܢ
ܒܦܪܗܣܝܐ ܕܠܐ ‎JS‏ ܐܦ ܗܢܘܢ ܒܕܝܠܗܘܢ ‎μὰ‏ ܟܕ ܐܡܪܝܢ ܠܘܬܗ . ܕܬܐ ܥܡ
ܦܘܩ. ܕܗܪܟܐ ܦܘܪܣܐ ‎ash‏ ܠܝܬ. ‎où‏ ܕܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܣܪܓܝܣ.. ‎«oo τοὶ‏ 11
ܠܐ ܢܦܩ ܐܢܐ . ܐܢ ܕܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎aas!‏ ܚܝ ܗܘ ܠܝ ‎Kio‏ ܝܫܘܿܥ ܕܕܝܠܗ ܐܢܐ
ܘܠܗ ܘܦܠܝ ` ‎fs EET MB]‏ ܟܕ ‎ASS‏ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܟܙܚܫܐ.. ܩܕܡܝܗ̇ ‎S So‏
ܐ ܣܩ ܠܟܐܡܐ܂ ܘܐ݀ܚܪܡܟܘܢ ‎asïisls‏ . ܠܟܘܢ ܘܠܪܝܫ ܘܢܙܘܫܬܟܘܢ. ܡܥܬܗ ܕܝܢ
ܗܟܢܐ ‎fasse‏ ܗܘܬ ‎AN‏ ܐܝܟ ‎Jo em‏ ܗܼܢܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܗܠܝܝܢ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܒܠ̈ܡܠܘܗܝ

‎1. Ms. ῳδιο.

‎is nothing wrong, but agree and accept », while they on their side said these
Εύας to him softly and gently, as is said in the psalinist, « Their words arc
softer than oil, and they are arrow-points »',; inasinueh as lie was vigorous
in his speech aud in his zeal, lie cried from bis own wiudow to them, « Stand
up aud go away from here, evil wieked men, You are enrsed with. the
deccitfut doctrine that yon proclaim, siuee you advise me to accept a
quaternity instead of the Holy 0 in which D was sealed Tor my frs
Salvation ». But these men, when they heard the auathema upou them
spoken bolidly? without fear, on their part also began their own methods,
saying to him, « Come, come out; since there is no possibility of your staying
here ». Buithe blessed. Sorgius said Lo Them? « 1 will nul come ont
of myself. But, if vou turn me out, às our Lord Jesus lives, ‘whose | um
and whom l| serve ?, iu the nuddle of the ebureh, while the whole eity is
assembled, before them and in the middle of theu 1 will io up to the ehancel
(ua, aud will eurse you Lo your faces, vou iul the. head of cour eongre-
ation ». Aud his speech was thus keen and eutting. like a sword. But

‎thèse men were vet more agilated by his words, and thes pulled dowa lis
δ E Y ) ὃ

‎το 6 LV, 22, — 2, With παῤῥησία, 3. Aels, XXVI, 27.
PATR. Oft. — T, XVI: ‏ܨ‎ Ν

‎"33v a.
