* 94 "81.

‎EPIIESUS. [100]‏ ܘܐܠ )1509 100
ܕܡܿܥܬܩܪܝܐ܂ ܩܠܝܘ̈ܦܝܬܐ. ‎ms /o‏ ܠܗܼ ܘܒܪܟܗ. ‎AY NW aso‏ ܘܒܘܪܟܬܗ ‎Jet‏
‏ܘܐܙܠ ܘܩܒܕܥ ܬܡܢ ܕܠܝܒܗܼ ‎X330‏ ܘܒܬ ܪܡ ܕܡ ܨܠܐ ܬܠܬܐ ‎‘soi‏ ܠܠܝܐ
ܘܐܚܡܡܐ. ܘܗܬ ܕܝܢ ܚܙ ܐܘܗܝ ܐܢܫܐ ܘܐܘܕܥܘܢ ܒܩܪܝܬܐ.. ܘܐܬܘ ܠܘܬܗ. ܘܟܕ ܬ ܘܕܥ
ܐܢܘܢ ܥܠ ‎ao)‏ ܚܝܼܕܝܘ. ‎Ks0‏ ܚܕ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ‎don‏ ܠܒܝܬܗ.. ܕܒܡܢܐ ‎y‏
‏ܚܝܠܗ ‎οἱ λον‏ ܕܛܘܒܬܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܟܪ ܐܝܬ ܒܫܘ̈ܡܬܐ ܙܥܘܖ̈ܐ ‎où Jills‏
ܚܪܒܐ ‎Je: Jed:‏ ܐܬܩܝܡ̣ܬ. ܟܕ ܡܫܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܘ ܬܡܝܢ ܬܩܫ̈ܦܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎DES,‏
‏ܕܝܪܐ ܒܒܠ ‎"Jogo‏ ܫܡܥܘ ‎La‏ ܕܠܩܘܒܐܐ. ‎où‏ ܠܡ ܡܪܚܐ ‎Lino‏ ܒܕܘܟܬ ‎De‏
‏ܕܝܪܐ ‎μὲ‏ ܘܡܚܕܐ ܐܬܬܣܝܡܘܢ ܓܒܪ̈ܐ ‎Kaas,‏ ܘܢܥܝܩܪܘܢܗܿ ‎JS‏ ܥܕܡܝܐ
ܠܬܬ ܐܣܝܪܙܘܿ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܠܗ ܥܡ ܐܦ ܚܘܘ ‎xc»)‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܬܥܒܟܘܢ܂ ‎oto No‏
ܠܢ. ‎che Ale‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܡܐܬܛܝܒ ‎HAS)‏ ܕܢܐܬܐ܂. ܫܒܘܩܘܢܝܗܝ ܘܠܐ ܬܝܬܘܢܝ ܗܝ
ܥܠܝܢ. ܗܿܝܕܚܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܢܦܩܘܢ.. ܟܕ ‎«rol laxo‏ ܘܐܣܒܪܘ! ‎Jon‏ ܠܡ ܟܒܪ
ܕܚܠ ܘܥܪܩ ܡܢ ܩܕܡܫܝܢ. ܘܟܕ ܐܬܘܢ. ܐܫܥܟܚܘܗܝ ܠܛܘܒܥܐ ‎οι‏ ܐܡ܂ ܘܡܿܫܡܫ.
ܘܟܕ ‎κονο] uoto] es‏ ܠܗ. ° ܡܛܠ ܕܠܒܪ ܡܢ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ ‎Je ο‏ ܐܬܦܩܕܕܢܝܢ܂

‎1. Mx on, © fin.

‎ealled Qlwfyte; and he gave him permission and blessed him. And he
look his cross and the saint's blessing, and went and erceted his cross there,
and reeites the service. And he kneels down and prays for three. days,
night and dav: aud then some people saw him and gave information in the
village, uud they eame to him. And on his informing them of his purpose
they. were pleased; and each one of them van to liis house to find something
to bestow upon the blessed mans praver in proportion to his ability, while
by the. eoimmon. ellort also à monastery. was erected. in that. desolate
mouutainogs region in a few days, there being abundance of water there.
When the monastery. was completely finished, tlie. adversaries heard tho
news, « That andaeious stubborn man is building a monastery in such-and-
such a place »: and men were at once appointed to go out and pull the
imouastery down to its foundations, « and siguilv to him also besides that vou
desire to arrest anl bring him to us! : and if you see that he is ready and
williuge to come, leave him. alone, and do not bring him upou us ». Thon
these men sel ont, having lirst declared and professed « Why! perhaps he
will be afraid, and ran away from us »,.— Aud, when they came, they found
hoo blessed inan stand and reciting the service; and, when they saw him,
uy und to Bim : « Since vou have built a monastery without an order, we

‎1:1 «× car
