L9 c

ܐ 96 +

ܙܬ

108 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [108]

TE ‏ܠܘܿ. ܐܡܪ ܠܗܘܢ ܗܼܘ. ܘܟܐܥܘܢ ܡܕܡ‎ xi res ‏ܬܘܒ‎ :,Jusk ‏ܬܘܒ‎ RE
CENE Jes? ‏ܒܪ‎ oxolle o» ‏ܕܥܠܡܐ ܗܢܐ‎ ehe: fü» x» ‏ܐܢܐ ܠܟܘܢ.‎
‏ܐܢܐ ܠܗ ܡܢ ܩܕܡܝܬܐْ‎ o ‏ܬܥܩܪܘܙܗܿܢ. ܪܘܚܘ‎ M3 «NS NS ‏ܕܥܕܡܐ‎
‎El ‏ܡܝܢ‎ aus ‏ܗܿܝܕܝܢ‎ Hood ‏ܠܗ ܒܟܠܗܘܢ ܚܫ ܐܢ‎ μὲ 5*3 ‏ܘܡܶܫܕ݁ܪܽܘ‎
‏ܕܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܝܐ.. ܚܛ‎ où ‏ܟܕ ܡܬܕܡܪܝܢ ܒܚܪܝܦܘܬܗ ܘܒܚ ܫܠܬܢܘܬܗ ܕܓܒܪܐ.‎
‏ܢܕܒܬܐ.‎ pe ‏ܘܪܪ ܕܝܪܐ ܚܠܝܡܬܐ.‎ [aso ‏ܘܒܪܘܶܚܐܝܬ.‎ [Νὰ ‏ܘܣܡ‎ ιωλάνο
δυἱ So ‏ܕܛܒ. ܘܒܬ ܪ ܙܒܢܐ‎ JN J5o; po ‏ܣܝܓܐ..‎ yr2le
κο ‏ܠܘܬܗ‎ jabso ., ‏ܘܐܬ ܐ ܒܬܪܗ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ‎ .e23 λογο be ‏ܕܢܬܒܪܟ ܡܢ‎
es ‏ܟܕ ܥܕܟܝܠ‎ μος ‏ܘܐܫܕܬܘܝ ܘܐܬ݀ܥܦܝ ܡܢ ܐܒܘܗܝ‎ «δν  ܐܬܘܕܗܣܒ‎
‏ܐܪܒܠܚܝܢ ܘܫܒܥ ܒܝ ܟܘܟܝܗ ܙܗܝܐܝܬ‎ μιὰ ‏ܟܕ‎ cages sers ‏ܗܼܘ ܙܝܢ‎ Jon
‏ܥܡ ܕܟܠܗܘܢ‎ olo pon où ‏ܒܫܠܡܡܐ.‎ οοι ‏ܘܫܟܕܒ 1 ܐܦ‎ aka ‏ܚܕܝܐ.. ܬܥܡ‎
‏ܕܝܢ‎ Tos his pans Lx D ‏ܕܘ̈ܝܐ‎ Ki Johns ‏ܚܒܕ̈ܘܗܝ..‎ μ.ο

1. Ms, ολοι corr. Liezenberg ap. v. D, and L. — 2. Ms, Sa.

They say to him : « H you rebuild, we will pull it down again ». fe on liis
side says Lo them : « Take what 1 say to vou. By him who built the house
oF ad this world aud was ealled tlie carpenter's son, if so be von pull it down
us many as Εν times, 1 will make il more spaeious aud 1 will make it
stronger than before all my life, if von pull it down ».. Thou. they departed
heuce, wondering at the lervour and the vigour of the man. Bt tlie blessed
man dag and delved deep iiid laid the foundations on à spactous basis; and

lie built à substautial monaslery and made it slrongr;

and he planted a
plantation, and made an enclosure round, aud made a very. desirable place".
And, idter a short time, he went to be blessed by the holy oll man his master;
al the summons followed bin iud he ended his life with him there; bearing
god testiniouy ; and he was laid out? and buried by his spiritual father, who
was still iu good health. Bat the lioly Sineon after living brilliautly in his
seclusion [ort seven vears  emled his days; sinl himself also fell asleep in
prace : by whose pravers with those of all lie saints his eompanions, may all
wewretelied men gain imerey in the day of judument,

The tile ef the liealiugs and deeds of power and eures that God wronglit

Palio ou veces s Boubl be identified wilh ^x. who has ow rebuilt 1o?" (Zach, lli, VIII, 1

— 2.972464. oq where lourd in Mis senses s 3. mee p. 93. n
