t3bo b.

90 JOHN OF EPHESUS. 190)

ܬܩܝܦܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ‎lon‏ . ܘܥܡܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ‎aa‏ ܗܘܐ ܡܢܗܿ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܥܒܕ ܗܘܐ ‎JL‏
‏ܥܕܡܐ ‎Lis‏ ܕܢܘܠܡܗ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܛܠܝܐ ܗܠܝܢ ‎RD)‏ ܗܘܘܢ. ‎AO CES‏
ܡܡܬܝܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܕܝܢ ܙܒܢܐ ܕܥܣܪܝܢ ‎sea‏ ܢܐܠ ‎oise‏ ܕܩܝܕܝܫܐ
‎Ed‏ ܬܠܡܝܕܗ. ܕܒܕܘܟܬܐ ܚܕܐ ܕܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܘܬܗ ‎ο. μου‏ ܐܦ ‎ooi‏ ܢܬܚܕܒܫ.
ܘܟܕ ܚܙܝܗܝ ‎MAR!‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܟܠ ‎hl pel) tas‏ ܡܝܢ ܒܪܝ ܕܬܪܚܩ
ܡܢܝ ܠܓܡܪ ‎mu ἢ‏ ܗܘܝܬ. ܒܪܡ ° ܕܚܢ, ܠܐ ܗܘܐ ܐܢܐ ܠܟ ‎Lans‏ ܕܬܦܘܩ
ܟܠ ܟܡܐ ‎per‏ ܐܢܬ ܡܢ ܪܗܼܛܝܐ ܕܐܘܪܚܐ ܕܙܕܝܩܘܬܐ. ܐܠܐ ‎πω Ny‏
‎JM‏ ܗܳܝ ܕܚܢ ܟܕ ܡܦܣܢܢܘܬܐ ܗܕܐ ‎WA‏ ܢܦܝܼܩ ܘܐܙܠ ܚܒܕܫ ܢܦܢܗ. ܠܘ
‎oùs‏ ܛܟ ܣܐ ‎sis‏ ܐܠܐ ܒܟܘܪܚܐ ܡܫܘܚܕܐ ܐܠܝܨܐܝܬ܂ ‎Jlses‏ ܩܘܡܬܗ. ‎ja-syo‏
‏ܘܐܦ ܡܢ ܩܘܡܬܕ. ‎Race ᾿ «olo‏ ܫܪܟܐ ܕܠܡ̈ܡܠܝܘܗܝ ‎BK‏ ܗܘܐܼ. ܩܕܡ ܕܝܢ
‎ET‏ ܢܥܒܕ: ܡܛܘܠ ܕܝܗ̈ܘܕܝܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ‎μα»‏ 29 ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐܼ: ‎Jose‏
‏ܪܒܬܐ ‎Ke or‏ ܗܘܘܢ. ܗܘܼܐ ܠܗ ܬܟܬܘܫܐ ‎[uso‏ ܠܘܩܟܒܠܗܘܢ.. ‎Vaso‏ ܝܘܡ
ܐܝܟ ܕܥܡ ‎RS‏ ܠܐܠܗܐ܂ ܠܘܩܒܠܗܘܢ ‎a Nae‏ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܪܬܚ ܒܪܚܡܬ ܡܪܗܼ
ܘܡܚܝܪܩ ܗܘܐ ‎aereis‏ ܘܐܡܿܪ. ܕܗܠܝܢ ܨܠܘܒ̈ܐ ܕܒܪܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܂. ܠܐܐ ‎Kaas‏ ܠܡܐܚܐ

1. Ms, ‏ܡܝܐ ܚ‎ — 2, Text eo corr, marg, in sume hand,

1 was a populous village, and many peuple used to come out from 11. And
so the old man continued doing until the time of his end; and accordingly
the bov-papils supplied their needs, After'a space of twenty years Sergius
lis diseiple asked the saint that he also might shut himself up at a certain
place close by the village. And, seeing that he was eager for every ‏ܓ‎
‎deed. he saut τὸ fim : « T, my son, shoull not be al all satislied at vour
leaving me. However, D will not as it were stand in your way so as 0
prevent. von from making progress in running ou the road of rigliteousness
ax far as von are able; but go and may our Lonl prosper you ». Ίου.
having reccived this permission, he went ont and went and shut himself up,
not after his master's method, but straitly in a lonely hut the size of lüs
stature. ves and. even smaller than. his stature: aud there hencelorth 0
performed the rest of his Tabours. But, before doing tis. because there
wore my Jews in that village. ἀπ they. went about. with great freedom
παρὸ de carried on a continuous contest against tem, and every day lie
used | ( conteud. against them as with slayers of God, being fervent in the

love ef lis Lord, and guashiug liis tecti. aud καν πα : « These cruciliers ol tlie
