‎JOIN OP EPHESUS. 100]‏ 100
ܡܢܐ ‎LA]‏ ! ܠܗܪܟܐܼ. ‎Iro «allo‏ ܪܒܟ܂ ܡܢܐ ܗܘܼܝܗܝ. ܕܡ ܘܐܦ ‎oo‏ ܙܦܝܼܩ ܠܗ
ܗܝܕܝܢ ܗܼܘ ܛܢܢܐ ܣܪܓܝܣ݀ ܟܕ ܒܟܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܗܼܘ. ‎ax al‏ ܠܗ ܟܠ ܡܕܡ ‎.Joot:‏

‏| ܘܕܡܢ ܪܒܗ ‎AS‏ ܘܠܐ ܐܠܘܢ ܠܘܬܗ. ܘܕܗܼܘ ܬܘܒ ‎ER‏ ܥܠ ܢܦܢܗ ܒܡܘ̈ܡܬܐ..

‎s‏ ܙܠ ܢܥܘܠ ‎pres‏ ܐܢܘܢ ܩܕܡ ‎ο‏ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܒܓܘ ‎Ην»‏ ܐܢ ܡܿܦܩܝܢ ܠܗ.
ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ ‎ele «ons‏ ܟܠܥܢ ܟܕ ‎robe Rand‏ ܦܠܕܫܝܢ ܚܝܬܝܢ ܕܢܐܠܦ ܐܦ
‎κά»‏ ܥܠ ܡܦܩܬܗ ܕܚܒܝܫܐ ܣܪܓܝܣ. ܐܒܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܛܪܦ ܗܘܐ ܥܠ ܚܕܝܗ ‎Lsso‏
‎t‏ ܟܕ ]+ ܘܝ ܠܐܚܙܝܬܝ ‎LL Lsy «Jh “Lars ωλοοᾶ ο‏
‎ye LM‏ ܡܪܝ ‎caa) Ami‏ ܡܢܝ. ܝܬܝܪ ܡܢ ܕܐܐܚܙܐ ‎\oomaoës‏

‏ܘܛܘܪܦܐ ܕܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܝܟ܇.. ܘܪܕܝܦܘܬܗܿ ܕܥܕܬܟ ‎Là‏ ܕܩܢܝܕܬ ܒܕܡܟ ܝܩܝܪܐ. ‎«ao.‏

‎° ¢: = b. ‏ܘܦܪܩܬ ܒܙܩܝܘܟ. ܚܘܪ ܡܢ ܦܘܠܫܐ‎ ` "55 N10) ωόι ye ‏ܘܐܬܕܟܪ‎ "Lis

‏ܡܪܝ ܘܚܝܼܙܝ. 490 ‎RS ὀμ‏ ܗܕܐ ‎pire ᾿Ξ. Jo‏ ܗܠܝܝܢ ܟܕ
ܐܒܘܢ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܒܚܐ ܘܒܚܛ̈ܓܬܐ ‎eX ο‏ ܗܘܐ܂. ܠܩܠ ܚܢ̈ܓܬܗ ܖܪ̈ܥܘܡܬܐ܂

‎|. Corr. freni ‏ܐܝܬܝܬ‎

‎you have come out of your seclusion? Why have you come hither? And
what has befallen our holy Που vour master? Has even he also come out? »
"heu the zealeus Sergius, himself also weeping, related to Tim everythiug
that had been done, and that they liil been afraid of his master, and had not
gone To him; and that he himself morcover had bound limself by oatlis to go
aud go in aud curse them before tlie: whole ον inside the church il they
lurned him out. When we all too being assembled heard these things also,
we doo desire to learn about the ejeetion of. Sergius the recluse: but our
father continued. boating on his breast and weeping with sobs, saving, « Mas
for my latter end and for mv evil days. t0 what times ] have been preserved.
1) ‏ܐ‎ m thy power, Lord, to take iy soul from me, rather than that I should
see the butfetings aud the distress of tliy believers, and tlie persecution of thy
<® ( thou pureliasedst witli thy preeions 0 Have merey. Lord,
aud remember thy cehureli which thou. purehasedst with tliy. passion and
savedet with thy cross] t Beholl From heaven’, my Lond, ‘and see; and

‎si is vine, amd the viue which thy right hand planted? ». While our

‎heb. father was saylug these Things with feeling and with bitter καλα. at tho

‎Send of fis ΜΕ ΠΕ sobs we all wept with. him. But, when he had been

‎DON Sov MS ΕΝΑΝ. DS L6

‎"A

‎— ——— ————M———À——
