[99° LIVES OF SIMEON AND SERGIEUS. 99

ܛܠܚܢ ܗܘܘܼ ܘܡ̣ܬܕܒܪܝܢ ܠ ܗܕܐ ‎is‏ ܐܢܫܐ ܕܠܐ ܡܢܚܢܐ. ‎oo‏ ܕܝܢ ‎Lisa‏ ܐܝܟ
ܚܝܠܬܢܐ ܘܚܟܝܡ ܒܐܠ ܗܐ.. ‎ele exl] coms Gas ἢ‏ ܠܐ ܒܠܝܘ̈ܚܡܘܗܝ
ܕܚܕܠ .ܐܠܐ ܐܝܟ ‎HR‏ ܒܟܠ ܡܕܡ ܚܘܝ ܗܢ. ܕܟܦܪ ܒܐܠܗܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܘܡܿܬܛܥܝܢܐ. |

ܥܡ ܟܠܗܘܢ ‎«ομαλό Mis‏ ܘܚܠܦ ‎Je NAME‏ ܩܕܝܫܬܐ: ܗܝ ܕܐܬܬܨܝܪܬ ܒܥܒ̈ܚܐ: |

ܘܐܬܟܪܙܬ ‎Lis‏ ܒܥܕܬܐ ܩܕܝܫܬܐ. ‎ETT‏ ܪܒܫܥܫܘܬܐ܂ ‎Momo‏ ܡܿܥܠܝܢ. ܟܕ

‎AUD‏ ܠܗܘܢ ‎"gos Sid σον‏ ܐܝܟ ܣܡܐ ܒܕܒܫܐ ‎Kaas‏ ܠܥܡܐ ܕܡܗܿܝܡܢܐ.
‎Histo‏ ܐܬܪܝ ܡܢ ܠܘܬܗ. ܟܕ 23030 ܫܘܒܗܪܗ ‎vao‏ ܚܘ̈ܫܒܘܗܝ. ܟܕ ܠܐ
ܣܥܕܪ ܨܒܝܢܗ. ܘܟܕ ‎ro e]‏ ܡܢ ܡܪܚܘܬܗ. ܐܝܟܝ ܐ ܕܐܦ ܡܪܕܘܬܐ ܕܚܠ ܦ ܗܕܐ
ܘܡܘܟܟܐ 9604508 ‎Neo‏ ܩܐܒܠ. ܗܘܺܝ ܕܡܫܬ ܐܠ ܚܝܢ] ‎x‏ ܐܦ ‎ask‏ +
‎élasio lama Si‏ ' ܕܕܒܘܬܐ. ‎Lisa‏ ܗܟܝܠ ‎BAD‏ ܟܙ ܠܘܬܗ ‎Ds‏
‏ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ܡܪܘܢ ܐܬ |: ܘܥܠ ܡ.ܐܬܝܬܗ ܬܘܼܗ ܘܕܡܥ ܡܪܝܪܐܝܬܐ: ܒܥܠ ܛܘܪ̈ܦܝܗܘܢ
ܕܡܗܝܡܢܐ ܘܚܪܡܘܬܗܘܢ ܕܟܦܘܪ̈ܐ: ܘܡܦܩܬܗܘܢ ‎Jaco‏ ܕܡܝܢ ‎Sr bañss‏
ܕܡܛܘܠ ܐܠܝܗܐ܂. ܐܸܡܪ ܠܗ. ‎οὐδὸς‏ ܒܪܝ ܡܢܐ ‎SN‏ ܕܢܦܩܫܬ ܡܝܢ ܚܒܘܢܝܟ.

‎1. Ms, era.

‎if this had really happened, uumberless persons would indeed have been
deceived and brought to ihis'. But the blessed man, as onec thai was a
valiant man aud wise in God, did not yield to his blandishments, nor yet
fear his threats; but as à valiaut man Le in everything showed bim to be a
deuier of God and a deceiver, with all of his opinion, and that instead. of the
Holy Trinity, which was delincated in the prophets and proclaimed in. the
holÿ church in the apostles, those men were secretly introducing ἃ quaternity,
diluting their blasphemies like a drug with honey to give them to the
people of the believers to drink. And so he was dismissed from his presence,
humbled in his pride and with his plans ‏ܠܐ‎ since The had not effected
his intention, and even recoiling? from his presumption, as he also soon
roeeived a castigalion on this account and à humiliation of lis pride, whiel
we decline even to describe because of its fearful nature and the greatness
"of the subject. When therefore the blessed × eame Lo Ihe very same
holy Maro, aud. he was startled at his eomiug and shed bitter tears. on
aceount of the distresses of tlie believers and the cruelty of the reuegdes,
and the ejeetion of the saints from their places of close ` ehosen for
God's sake, he said to him, « What is it, my son? what has liappened that

‎L Se, the synod, -- 2, Or ^ he (Maro) had nof done his will and even recoiled ἡ,

‎® 211? 4,
