[93 LIVES OF SIMEON AND SERGIUS. 93

ESS uso ‏ܫܒܬܐܼ.. ܡܓܪ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܥܕܡܐ ܕܡܛܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܕܒܫܠܡܘܢ.‎ Nas
‏ܟܐܦܐ ܟܐܘܐ ܡܒܕ ܪ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܒܗܢܐ ܬܟܬܘܫܐ ܗܘܼܐ ܕܠܘܩܒܠ ܨܠܘܒ̈ܐ ܩܕܡ‎
‏ܝܗ̈ܘܕܝܐ ܕܢܪܝܡܘܢ ܠܐ ܐܫܟܚܘ.‎ όλ ‏ܕܒܫ̈ܘܡܝ ܚܝܘ̈ܗܝ ܪܝܫܗܘܢ‎ fans) ‏ܕܢܬܚܕܒܫ.‎
‎vu ‏ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܚܙܗ ܕܐܬܚܒܫ ܠܗ. ܣܒܪܘܼ ܕܐܓܗܼܝܘ ܡܢܗ. ܘܡܛܠܗܢܐ ܬܟܝܠܐܝܬ‎
‏ܥܕܐ ܬܠܡܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ܂ ܒܠܠܝܐ܂ ܘܐܘܩܕܘܗܝ. ܘܗܟܝܢܐ‎ Nano ‏ܗܘܘ ܘܟܕ ܟܥܡܘ‎
‏ܕܕܘܒܪܵܘܗܝ ܘܥܠ‎ Moi ‏ܝܘ̈ܡܬܗ. ܣܒܐ ܕܝܝܢ ܥܠ‎ Qoo finis, ‏ܡܢ‎ NT
ola ‏ܗܘܐ .. ܥܕܡܐ‎ 0236 λα. ‏ܡܝܢ‎ χα, ‏ܕܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܘܠܗܬ ܐ ܟܣ̈ܪܫܐ:‎ orsa.
xl JE Jlsso ‏ܗܠܝܢ ܘܒܚܒܘܦܫܐ‎ Lans ‏ܘܚܝܼܩܪ ܣܓܝ. ܟܕ ܡܿܠܝ‎
‏ܗܘܐ ܒܬܫܢܘܝܬܗ‎ ° Vs ‏ܣܡܿܥܟܘܗܝ. ܘܗܟܢܐ‎ JJ] e Jos ‏ܘܠܐ ܡܫܟܚܝ‎ e ‏ܘܒܚܝܪܬܐ‎
‏ܗܘܐ‎ Mo ‏ܘܡܫܘܬܡܫ ܠܠܝܐ ܘܐܝܡܡܐ. ܘܡܚܝܕܗ ܕܙܐ ܗܘܐ ܐܟܣܢܝܐ.. ܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ‎
‏ܗܘܐ ܘܒܝܟܐ܂ ܐܝܟ ܒܒܘܣܐ.‎ cul ‏ܟܕ ܡܬ‎ MN ‏ܗܘܐ‎ Faso ‏ܝܥܠ ܡܢ ܙܝܢܪܗܢ.‎
‏ܡܝܢ ܟܠ‎ 3j Sas bo ‏ܗܽܘܝܬ ܚܝܠܐ ܕܕܠܘ̈ܬܗ ܘܕܒܘܪ̈ܟܬܗ‎ sir ‏ܘܡܛܠ‎
‏ܗܽܘܝܬ ܕܐܩܒܠ ܒܘܪ̈ܟܬܗ , ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܠܐ ܡܝܢ ܩܘܣܛܛܢܛܝܢܦܘܠܝܣ‎ dés ‏ܦܢܝܢ‎

he waited for them till they were on the point of finishing, and he oceupied
one uight in pulliug it to pieces stone by stone, and thus he engaged io this
contest against tlie. erucitiers before shutting himself up; so that during the
days of his life the Jews could. not raise their head. there. But, when the
saw that he lad shut. hinself up, they thought that they were rid. of hint;
and for this reason they went on building confidently; and, when they had
completed and finished ', he sent his disciples by night, and they burnt it:
and so they desisted from building all tlie days ol his £ But the old main
went on adding to the course of his halitual practices and to his love
toward God and toward strangers every. day, ΙΤ he. grew οἱ and became
very infirm, alter completing forty. veurs in these huls and in seelusion and
labours; and at last he became emaeiated and was not able to stand anless
they supported him; and so he was laid upon his rug aud recited tli? service
night and day; and, as soon as lie saw à stranger, he would twine liz hands
together above his head, and weep with sighs, sohbing and. weeping like a
baby. And, because | knew the power of the old man's prayers and οἱ his
blessiugs, Valways used to repair to him from all quarters 10 receive hits

blessings, so Wat once E did not shrink from making the elfort and coming

l. Le. the. synagogue; the cbject lias perh, fallen out.
