* . 1 ἃ,

* rao ¥.

6^ JOHN OF EPIIESUS. [04]

oos yo Jano: ‏ܐܒܝ‎ Luisa MM ‏ܝܗܒܘܢܝ‎ + RAS ve ‏ܘܒܬܪ‎ . ele
So Κως de EM ‏ܐܬܦܪܩܬ ܡܢ ܡܘܬܐ. ܘܚܝܠܐ ܕܒܘܪܟܬܗ ܒܝܕ‎
- Jon ‏ܕܘܗܝ ܒܟܠ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܐܡܿܪ‎ Mj» ‏ܚܝܠܐ ܓܝܪ ܪܒܐ ܘܬܡܝܗܐ ܘܥܪ ܗܘܐ ܐܠܗܐ‎
Jas. ‏ܥܠ ܩܕܝܫܐ̇‎ acis, «oa Mo] vita Lio ‏ܘܡܢ‎ JAN ‏ܐܦܢ ܟܕ‎
su} ‏ܕܢܐܬܐ‎ aeo ‏ܣ̈ܓܝܐܐ° ܥܠ ܐܚܘܗܝ ܐܒܪܗܡ. ܗܝ ` ܕܐܦ ܣܢܝܐ ܗܘܬ ܥܠܘܗܝ‎
‏ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܠܒܪ ܟܕ ܐܡܪ ܗܘܐ܂ ܗܠܝܢ.‎ εξ ° ‏ܕܝܘܢܐ. ܐܠܐ ܡܚܕܐ‎ οἱ ‏ܠܘܬܗ ܟܪܝܗܐ‎ Jo
l3: euo ‏ܡܕܒܚܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ܂‎ «a.a als ‏ܡܢܐ ܛܠܝܬܘܢ‎ μὸν ‏ܐܢܫܐ‎ mis οἱ
‏ܒܩ̈ܕܝܫܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܬܩܛܥܘ ܡܛܠ ܫܡܗ܇.. ܘܪܚܡܼܘܗܝ ܘܥܒܕܘ ܨܒܝܢܗ.‎ Jess où
‏ܕܐܠܗܐ. |4 ܪܐ ܠܡ ܘܐܠܘ ܡܪܥܝܢܐ ܘܪܐ݀ܚܡܐ ܘܠܒܕ‎ μες ο Los ‏ܘܐ ܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܠܘܬܝ‎
Ρο ‏ܘܬܪܦܕܘܢ‎ vai ‏ܗܘܝܬ .. ܠܐ ܙܪܩ ܗܘܐ ܠܟܘ ܘܢ ܕܬܐܬܘܢ‎ SR] ‏ܨܒܝܢܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ‎
, ‏ܥܡ ܕܬܕܥܘܢ ܘܬܣܬܟܠܘܢ‎ Jule Jef μὲ ‏ܟܕ ܘܪܓܝܙ ܐܢܐ ܘܡܘ ܪܡܪ‎ 3 oass
‏ܣܠܩܬ ܠܗܪܟܐ ܕܐ ܬܐܠ ܪ̈ܚܕܡܐ ܐܝܟ ܟܠ ܐܢܫ ,. ܘܠܘ ܡܛܠ‎ Coke S ses
‏ܠܡܢܐ ܐܬܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܓܒܪܐ‎ ue uso Lal a4 ‏ܙܕܚܩܘܬܝ. ܠܘܬܝ‎

T. Pocos — 2, Pins, + ‏ܐ ܐܝܬܝܐ ܕܡܢ‎ P anon.

wenl away; and, alter two veurs, they gave ne to the blessed man my spiritual
father, by whose prayers | was saved from death; and the power of his
blessing: was dissolved and nullified through my evil deeds; for God. nsed
to work aets ol great and marvellous power through him iu all the words
that he spoke even when laüghing. And from that time tlie multitude (67208)
began to gather together to. the saint in numbers many limes as great as
eame Lo his brother Abraham: whieli* was also. very. hateful to him that
auvone should come and bring him a siek person or one possessed with a
demon, but he would at once drive him out, saying these words: > O wreteli-
eid mou, what has misted vou into leaving God's allar and his great power
which took up. its dwelling in the saints who were slain. lor his name, and
loved him and did his will, and coming to me the wretclied man and provoker
of God? πάσα. izzxi, 1f | were one who pleased amd ἰόν God and did his

will. vou ought not lo have come to me and neglected the saints, let alone

when 1 provoke aud. irritate God. Aud. tliere is another thing that you

shonlil know and understand. that it was becanse of my sins that [ eame up

hore do a8 merey. like every inan, not because of my righleousness. ΤῸ
oec
