× 18 r° b.

76 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [τ
‏ܗܘܐ‎ [Δ ‏ܘܗܘܼܐ ܠܬܘܢܝܐ܂ ܘܠܐܘܠܝܬܐ. ܟܕ ܗܼܘ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܟܘܠ ܐܡܬܝ ܕܥܝܘܗܕܢܗܘܢ‎
‏ܐܝܟܢ ܡܘܒܟܝܢ‎ "RS Opus ‏ܐܡܪ ܗܘܐ ܠܝܢ.‎ Mens JI ‏ܠܗ. ܒܠܬܐܢܚܬܐ‎
μας) ‏ܡܣܟܢܐ ܠܐ ܢܕܡܥ ܡܪܝܪܐܝܬ:‎ μοι ‏ܠܝܔܓܒܝܠܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܥܠ‎ Dhs
‏ܚܘ̈ܡܬܐ ܕܝܢ‎ JA ‏ܡܢ‎ ous ‏ܥܕܡܐ ܕܐܘܒܝܼܕܗ. ܘܐܼܦ ܥܛܝܐ‎ Jans en»
«3}5} ‏ܡܛܠ‎ -jhasosh ‏ܟܕ ܓܗܹܝܢܝܢ ܚܢܝܢ ܩܕܡܘܗܝ ܒܥܘܠܪܡܝܐ‎ agé
s ‏ܒܕ̈ܡܥܐ ܣܓܺܝܐܬܐ ܡܬܐ ܕܡܪܬܝܢܘܬܐ‎ -.JRasoal ‏ܗܘܬ‎ Lans ‏ܙܒܝܢ ܩܕܡܘܗܝ‎
‏ܘܠܐܝ ܕܐ‎ Kia AO ‏ܐܝܟܐ‎ us ‏ܠܡ‎ opua ‏ܐܠܗ̈ܝܐ ܐܡܿܪ ܗܘܐ ܠܢ ܗܠܝܢ.‎ Les
Rs ‏ܕܠܐ‎ Jes ‏ܒܢܦܫܟܘܢ.. ܕܠܡܐ‎ ocior] ‏ܡܪܘܦܟܝܝܢ ܚܢܝܢ.‎ d Jless
‏ܬܕܒܐ‎ μωρ «il ‏ܘܥܙܝܙܬܐ:܆. ܟܕ ܒܪ‎ Jus ‏ܐܝܬܘܬܐ‎ oa b ‏ܢܗܼܘܐ ܩܝܡܝܢܝܢ‎
‏ܒܩܘܡܝܢ ܕܩܕܡܘܗܝ.‎ Rt ‏ܒܐܠܗܐ ܙܢ ܗܘܐ‎ sa. ‏ܒܥܠܕܪܢ.‎ jars μὰ
‏ܥܠ ܬܫܒܘܚܬܢ. ܐܠܐ ܡܛܠ‎ aus JI cor ἜΧΩ ‏ܕܠܡܐ ܠܐܝܩܪ ܬܢܒܘܚܬܗ‎ °
Re? ‏ܒܚܙܒܚܢ ܬܘܒ‎ υοἱα ‏ܠܢ ܗܘ ܢܓܕ‎ quo sca] pass ‏ܛܒܘܬ ܪ̈ܚܡܘܗܝ‎
‏ܗܘܐ: ܘܒܕ̈ܡܥܐ ܠܗ‎ οι ‏ܫܠܝܛܛܐ‎ où Je ‏ܙܒܢ: ܟܕ‎ Vas ‏ܕܝܢ‎ QU) «οἱ
ΒΕ ‏ܒܫܕ ܡܪܐ ܝ ܢܘܬܐ ܟܕ‎ Jioc ‏ܡܬ݀ܥܗܕ ܗܘܐ܂. ܬܘܒ܂ ܠܘܬܢ ܡܝ̣ܦܢܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ‎

1. Ms. (0 gere. — 2, Ms. 00

of lamentation: while the blessed man, whenever the memory of them came
into his mind, would say to us mournfully with many sighs : « See, my sons,
how the fiends destroy God's creation. How ean we avoid shedding bitter
tears for this poor man. when we think how far the evil one puffed him up
until he destroved him, and even blotted out his memory from the earth? »
But for many days, while we were kneeling before him at the end of the
service, beeause sometimes Ihe service was performed in his presence, he
would with many fears speak to us these words of admonition from the divine
Seriptures : e: See, my sons, how we stand, and what majesty we take upon
our tongues. Take care, lest we stand before that awful and mighty Being
a eorpses without. sense, while our hidden man has been secretly. made
vaptive by our decvitful adversary, lest we make ἃ moekery. of God when
we stand before him, lest we insult tlie honour of his glory, who does not
himself need our praise, but becanse of his gracions morey called forth by the
praise of him draws ns Τὺ himself». At another time again, that is always
when hc was thinking with wonder of that magistrate and reinembering him
with tears, he would again turn the. warning toward us by way of admonition,
