[77] LIVES OF ABRAHAM AND MARO. 77

‎opus‏ ܠܡ ‎ca»‏ ܬܘܒ . ܕܟܡܝܐ ‎Ja.‏ ܘܕܚܝܠ 0420300 ‎μον Pha‏ ܕܡܦܘܠܬܗܿ

‏ܕܪܡܘܬܐ. ‎ojonlo‏ ܡܢܗܿ.. ܟܕ ܡܬܒܝܢܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܠܟܡܐ ܪܰܡܳܐ ܘܥܬ̈ܝܢܐ ‎(«Manum‏

‎|

‎*

‏ܘܡܢܐ ܐܝܬ ‎JL LAS‏ ܟܕ ‎où‏ ܕܗܼܘ ܡܥܒܕ 60 ‎hol ο ὃν‏ ܡܢ

‎Jan} Meo Lis 53} Laos‏ )8 ܗܼܘ ܝܘܡܢܐ!' ܬܘܒ ܒܗ ܒܛܬܛܘܦܣܐ ܚܦܝܛ

‏ܠܟܠ ܐܟܘܬܗ ‎y Sun‏ ܡܐ ‎oa; Ελα où LS el‏
ܘܡܫܬܥܠܝܢܘܬܗ ‎LKR‏ ܘܐܘܒܕܬܗ. ‎soso Nr‏ ܘܢܦܼܚܣ ܠܡܫܝܚܐ
ܐܠܗܢ ܕܢܕܚܩܗܿ ‎Qi‏ ܒܨ̈ܠܘܬܐ ܕܩܝ̈ܕܝܫܘܗܝ. ܥܠ ‎bis‏ ܕܝܢ ܕܡܪܬܝܢܘܬܐ ܕܒܥܠ
ܟܠ ‎Lau‏ ܒܕܝܠܗ: ܘܥܠ ܨܘܽܗܪܶܗ ‎ose no‏ ܕܠܝܘ ‎ES‏ ܒܠܚܚܘܕ: ܐܠܐ ‎ele‏
‎JR A TAN‏ ܘܥܕܡܐ ܠܢ̈ܫܐ ܘܠܥܚܿܢܝܐ ܘܠܐܒܗ̈ܐ ‎ο» «νο‏ "ܛܟܣܝܝܢ.. ܡܢܐ ܐܝܬ
ܠܬܡܟܬܒ ܘܠܡܐܡܪܿ. ܟܕ 1 ‎EI‏ ܕܥܡܗܼ ܬܪܒܚܬܐܼ ܪܘܚܢܝܬܐ ܘܙܘܗܙ̈ܐ ‎Lisa‏ ܕܠܘܐ
ܪ̈ܘܚܢܫܬܐ ܡܿܡܩܪܒ ‎Jon‏ ܠܟܗ̈ܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܝܠܗ ܘܕܩܘܪ̈ܝܣ ܘܟܠ ܕܨܝܟܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܘܬܗ ,.
ܥܠ ‎labs‏ ܬܫܡܫܬܗܘܢ ܘܪܒܘܬ ‎JR x31‏ ܘܐܼܦ ܣܓܚܐܘܬ ‎JI a3‏ ܡܿܚܘܐ
ܗܘܐ ܘܡܥܝܪ ‎siege‏ ܕܚܦܝܛܐܝܬ ܘܒܕܚܠܬܐ ܢܩܘܡܘܢ ܒܕܢ̈ܓܝܗܘܢ ܘܢܫܡܢܝܘܢ
ܒܚ̈ܛܟܣܝܗܘܢ. ‎UN‏ ܥܠܡܐ ܬܘܒ ܘܠܢܫ̈ܐ,. ܡܝܢ ܡܘܡܬܐ ܘܓܘ̈ܕܦܝܐ ‎Ja‏

‎1, Ms. with stop following.

‎saying, « See, my sons, again how severe and awful and rapid is the sentence
of the fall of pride, and beware of it, observing how many high and powerful
men it has overthrown. And why repeat many instances, when it cast down
from heaven to earth and overthrew him who himself causes it among meu ;
even as he also to-day is again in the same fashion eager to overthrow
everyone as he was overthrown, just as that wretched magistrate also was
suddenly eonsumed and destroyed by his pride and haughtiness? Let us fear,
and tremble, and entreat Christ our God to repel it from us by the prayers
of his saints ». Concerning the rest of the admonition which treated of every
form of life in his discourse, and eoncerning his warning and his exhortation
addressed not to us only, but to laymen also as well, and even to women and
children and fathers and all classes, what is there to write and say? To the
brothers who were with him lie would offer spiritual education and warnings
and exhortation to spiritual things, aud to his own priests and those of the
villages aud all who resorted to him he would give exporitions of the solem-
nity of their service and the magnitude of the penalty, and the greatness
also of the glory, and would ineite aud warn the to stand earuestly and
with fear iu their stations aid serve in their elasses: lamen again and women

‏ܙ ܐ *

‎ἂς
