‎LIVES OF SIMEON AND SERGIUS. 109‏ ]100[
ܐܣܘܐ ܘܚܝ̈ܠܐ ܘܚܘ̈ܠܡܢܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܠܬܫܟܒܘܚܬܗ ܒܐܝܕܗ ‎μοι [Lacs‏ ܩܕܝܥܐ ‎So‏
‎-,]οοι‏ ܙܥܘܪ ܗܘ ܠܝ ܙܒܢܐ ܠܡܫܬܥܝܘ. ܘܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܟܕ ܡܢ ‎Jan!‏ ܕܬܫܥܝܬܐܼ
ܥܪܩ ܐܙ ].. ܗܠܝܢ ‎Rss aM‏ . ܟܕ ‎P‏ ܒܝܨ ܪܬ ܡܢ ܦܐܝܘܬܐ ܕܬܐܟܒ̈ܚܬܐ
ܕܓܒܪܐ ܗܢܐ , ܗܠܝܢ ܕܠܘ ܐܢܐ ܒܠܚܘܕ ‎Jos‏ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܗܽܘܝܬ܂. ܐܠܐ ܟܠ ܝܕܘ̈ܥܘܗܝ.
ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎fe sh‏ ܚܕ ܪܒܐ ‎Bue]‏ ܘܩܕܝܫܐ ܘܚܝܿܙܐ ܚ̈ܙܘܢܐ ‎‘eos‏ ܕܥܡܿܪ ܗܘܐ
ܒܬܝܡܢܐ ܒܡܕܒܪܐ ‎Lai‏ ܣܗܼܕ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܕܣܟܐܿ. ܕܟܕ ܐܢܫܐ ܡܢ ܟܘܪܐ ܗܕܐ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ
‎hp eel‏ ܐܬܝܢ ܗܘܘ: ܡܛܠ ܕܐܝܬ ܠܝܕܐ ‎a Nau‏ ܠܐܪܥܐ ܕܬܝܡܢܐ ‎JipA‏
‏ܫܡܥܘܢ ܥܠ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܗܽܘ܂. ‎adole‏ ܠܡܐ ܙܠ܂ ܘܠܡܬܒܪܟܘ ܡܢܝܗ. ܘܟܕ
‎ay}‏ ܘܡܛܐܘܗܝ ܘܐ ܬܒܪܟܘܢ ‎oo‏ ܬܐܠ ܐܢܘܢ ‎Se‏ ܐܝܟܐ ‎ois‏ ܐܝܬܝܟܘܢ.
ܗܼܢܘܢ ܕܝܢ ‎Las e CT‏ ܠܐܡܢ.! ܐܡܪ ܠܗܘܢ ܛܘܒܢ.ܐ. ܡܶܝܢ ܕܚܝܢ ‎sis‏
‎bl οἱ‏ ܝܕܥ ‎Li‏ ܘܡܛܠ ܡܢܐ ܠܘܬܝ ܕܝܠܝ ‎ΟΝ Δ] [as‏ ܐܢ ܡܢ ° ܓܪܒܝܐ
ܠܐܡܕ ܐܝܬܝܟܘܢ܂. ܡܛܠ ܡܢܐ ܠܐ ܠܘܬ ܥܡܘܕܐ ܕܢܘܗܪܐ ‎où‏ ܕܘ.ܐܡ ܒܐܪܥܐ ܕܓܪܒܝܐ
ܐܙܠܬܘܢ. ܗܽܘ ܕܝܘܡܢܐ ܗܐ ‎Lis‏ ܐܪ̈ܒܥܝܢ ܐܝܬ ܠܗ ܕܡܫܡܫ ܠܐܠܗܐ ܒܩ̈ܕܝܫܘܗܝ..

‎1, Ms. on, stop.

‎for his glory by the hand of dis holy ofd juan lie time is Lo short for me
to relate; and for this reason, wishing to avoid a lengthy uarralive, I have
recorded these things only, thereby. falling far short of the splendid glories
of this man; to which it is not only E who was a witness, bul all who knew
him; so that another great and lioly man and "eer of spiritual. visions also
who lived in the south in the inner desert bore testimony ahout the old
man, since, when some mou from the territory (χώρα) of the city of Amida
were going down for the harvest (heenuse men are in the habit of going
down to the southern eountry for the harvest), they heard of that saint, and
were eager to πο and be hlessed by lim; and, when they had gone and had
come ἰὼ him and heen blessed by him, he asked them, « Whenee are you,
my sons? »; and they said, « From the north of Anda ».. The blessed man
said to them : « But what, niv sons, do 1 lor my part really know? aud
wlierefore. did vou come to my wretehed self? 1f yon. ave. from the north
of Amida, wherefure did you nol go to tlie. pillar of light which stands in
the northern country, who to-day has heen serving God in. his saints for
lorly years, and has not grown lired or weary, nor js vel satiated with so

‎΄

‎RS

‎a.
