*d6 v9 a.

70 JOIIN OF EPHESUS. [10]

‎Jan‏ ܕܢܘّ̈ܠܕܢ ‎Lars‏ 5567 ܠܗ ‎où‏ ܓܒܪܐ. ܡܪܝ ܠܐ ܣܩ ܠܐܠܗܐ ܕܗ̇ܝ ܥܡ ܗܕܐ
ܬܦܪܐ. ‎E» Ale‏ ܐܢܬ ܡܬܪܚܡ ܐܢܬ ܥܠܝ. 5 ‎JI PEN? OO Joi‏ ܬܗܼܡܐ ° ܡܢܝ.
ܟܕ ܫܡܼܥ ܕܝܢ ܕܐܼܘܡܝܗ ‎SAM Jets‏ ܡܢ ܬܪ̈ܬܝܢ. ܚܕܐ ܕܠܐ ܨܒܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܓܡܪ
ܕܥܠ ܢܦܢܗ ‎per VO‏ | ܡܕܡ ‎y‏ ܗܟܢ.. ܘܐܚܪܬܐ ‎wa:‏ ܫܡܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܘܙܥ
‎oo polo «οι‏ ܓܒܪܐ. ܡܢܐ ܐܘܡܫܬܢܝ ܒܐܠܗܐ ܡܛܠ ܡܕܡ ܕܠܝܘ ‎md‏
‏ܗܘ ܘܩܕܦܐ ‎uso‏ ܡܟܝܠ ܣܥ ܡܕܡ ܕܝܪܘܿܒ ܐܢܐ ܠܡ܂ ܟܕ ܠܐ ܪ ‎daa] us cas‏
ܘܙܠ ܬܠܝ ܥܠ ‎NI‏ ܘܗܘܐ ܠܝܟ ܒܪܐ. ‎ho] joo‏ ܫܡܗܼ ܡܪܘܢ. ܟܕ ‎Ji‏ ܐܢܝܫ
‎Jj Vaso x‏ ܕܪܓܠܝܗ ܘܩܕܛܪ ‎οἷν cono‏ ܘܡܛܠ ܕܠܐ ‎pol pans‏
ܕܠܣܗܕܐ܂ ܐܡܪ ‎«ον‏ ܚܝܼܙܝ ܕܠܝܘ ܣܝܗܕܐ ‎oo‏ ܘܠܐ ‎μα‏ ܐܝ ܬܘܗܝ ‎Ji! .ba Jy‏
ܥܩܪܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܕܝܪܘ̇ܒ ܐܢܐ ܠܟ. ܚܙ ܝ ܠܐ ܐܢܫ ܢܥܪܐ ܘܢܚܙܐ. ‎οσο‏
‏ܐܦ ܒܪܡ ‎2x)‏ ܐܢܬ . ‎oa‏ ܠܝܥܩܪܐ ܗܢܐ ܡܒܠܝܬܐ ܐܢܬ ܠܝ. ܗܝܕܚܢ ܓܒܪܐ
ܗܽܘ ‎αμα‏ ܘܐ ܙܠ. ܘܬ ܠܐ ܥܠ ܐܢܬܬܗ. ܘܡܚܝܕܐ ‎on‏ ܠܗ ܐܠܗܐ ܘܩܝܼܒܠܬ ܒܛܛܢܐ
‎Ji leo‏ ܘܟܕ ܗܕܐ ‎ον oot‏ ܬܕܡܘܪܬܐ ܦܫܚܫܡܬܐ܂ ܡܬܚܙܝܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܟܠܢܫ

‎may bear children? » ο man says to him ` « Sir, there is no difliculty
with God in making the former fruitful us well as the latter. And if you
wish you will have merey ΠΡΟΣ me. By God who chose you do not neglect
me « . When he heard that lie adjured him by God, he was moved by two con-
siderations, one that he did not wish to state of himsell at all that he could
do any such thing, and another that he heard God's namo and his heart
rombled; and he said (o. that man ; > Why did vou adjure me by God
about à matter that i» not my concern and 15 too hard for me? — Accordingly
take what E will give vou without men being aware it of, and go hang it on
your wife, and vou shall have a son, and you shall call his name Maro, no
man being aware of il ». And he took one of his toe-nails and wrapt it
up, and gave it him ; aud, in order that he might not liouour it as a martyr,
he said to lim: « Observe thal it is not a martyr, nor is this bundle Anaaa* ;
lut itis a herb Cat give von. Sec that no one undo and see it; and next
year vou shall earry vour son also and bring this herb ssith him to me ».
Then that man took il and went: and he huug it ou his wife; and at once
God. gave to her aud she reecived. conception, and she bare a son. When
this huppened, it seemed Lo everyone no ordinary wonder that so-and-so the

‎VoLiloceraes Qa qmarlyrs dust mixed with oil and water; see Zach. Rh., (111; 6 and P.-Smith, s. v.
lus.
