* ‏ܐܠ‎ 1 Ὁ.

(3 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [92'

ܒܫܡܗ̇ ܕܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ܥܕܬ ܐܠܗܐ. ܘܒܫܘܥܡܐ ܕܫܒܬܐ ‎sje)‏ ܟܠ ܡܕܡ ‎Aoc:‏
‏ܣܗ̈ܕܐ܂ ܐܬܠܡ ܟܕ ܝܗܘ̈ܕܝܐ ܡܬܟܢܝܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܘܚܙܝܢ ܗܘܘܼ ܘܡܝܠܠܝܢ. ܟܕ ‎y‏
‏ܝܕܥܝܢ ܡܢܐ ܢܥܼܒܕܘܢ. ܘܦܫ ܒܝܬܐ ܣܗ̈ܕܐ ܒܝܬ ‎ES cà J&3s‏ ܗܝܕܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ
ܝܗ̈ܘܕܝܐ ܕܥܠܝܠܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎ss‏ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ.. ‎ell‏ ܟܕ ‎JUL vas‏
ܠܡܬܬܟܬܫܘ ܥܡܗܘܢ ܕܛܘܒܢ̈ܐ. ܡܛܠ ܕܐܦ ܠܐ ‎où‏ ܣܟܐ ܪܚ ܝܩ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ܬܟܬܘܫܐ
ܕܥܡܗܘܢ. ܟܕ ܛܒ ‎où‏ ܠܐ ‎js)‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ. ‎ao‏ ^« ܠܐ ‎sys‏ ܗܘܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎ο.‏
‎das 9‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܡܝܢ ܣܒܪܐ ‎Mao‏ ܣܓܕܬܗܘܢ: ܘܡܟܝܠ ܪܘܫܡܐ ܕܥܕܬܐ ܩܒܠ:

ܘܦܘܡܗܐ ܬܘܒ ܕܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ: ܘܡܟܝܠ ܕܢܝ̇ܬܩܪܒܘܢ ܠܗ ܠܐ ‎τα. ol)‏ ܐܝܟ ܡܶܢ

ܕܡܿܙܝܢܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܒܚܚܠܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܬ݀ܒܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܒܬܘܬܒܘܬܗܘܢ.. ‎«ας‏ ܐܦ ܗܼܢܘܢ

ܢܘܪܐ ܒܠܠܝܐ.  ‎ele‏ ܐܪܡܹܝܘ ܒܟܘܪ̈ܚܘܗܝ ‎sw‏ ܩܕܡ ܕܢܦܪܘܫ ܬܠܡܝܕܗ
ܡܢܗ.. ܘܐܘܩܕܘ ‎Aa}‏ ܟܕ ܛܟ ܘܐܦ ܗܕܐ ܡܕܒܪܢܐܝܬ ܡܢ ܛܫܒܘܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎ska!‏
‏ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܙܢܗܘܐ ܥܛܘܒܢܐ ܢܦܐܝܬܐ ܩܠܝܠ ܒܟܘܪ̈ܚܘܗܝ. ܡܛܠ ܕܣܓܝ ‎qe‏
‏ܗܘܐ ܒܗܘܢ. ܗܝܙܕܝܢ 00 ‎wA MP‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܩܠܝܠܐ ܘܚܦܝܛܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ..
ܒܝܘܡ̈ܿܬܐ ܙܥܘܖ̈ܐ ‎κ Liso yo‏ ܬܩܢܐܝܬ. ܘܟܕ ܗܥܝܢ ‎ape‏ ܗܘܘ ‎OL)‏

God-bearer; and, al the end of one week the whole of tlie martvr's chapel
was complete while tlie Jews assembled and looked on and lamented, not
kuowing what to do; and that synagogue remained à martyrs chapel for
ever. 0 the Jews who had gone in to prefer aceusation. against them
took. courage and. eame to fight with the blessed men; since the oll man
also did not. hold. aloof from the fight with them ', though he did not take it
to heart, What is, he was not moved with iudignation. ‏ܣܡ‎ they saw that
al hope for their place of worship was lost, and it had now received the
form of a church, and the name too of the Blessed one, and they were no
longer able to approach it, inasmueh as they had been reinforeed by those
in whose territory they. were settled, they also took fire hy night amd went
aud set fire to tie oll mats huts, before his disciple separated. from him,
and. burnt them; though perliaps even this also wis. bronght about provi-
dentially by the grace af God, in order that the blessed man might have a
little: Preathingexpace ii his ΠΡ he was nmeh strutened in them.
Then Sergius, bocanse he was an agile and energetie man, rebuilt them

firmly ina few days; And, when these men began te build ἃ svnagogne,

1. dean Bardls be meant Dial he eff his cell; but ouly that he encouraged his diseiples to go.
