| [117] LIFE OF PAUL THE ANCHORITE. 117

ܠܐ ‎A224.‏ ܐܠܐ ܪܘܡܐ ‎axi] Lau‏ ܥܬܢ ܟܘܢ ܘܫܕܠܝܘ. ‎Φο‏ ܠܐ ܐܢ ܩܝܪܐ
ܐܢܐ ܠܟܘܢ ܐܢܐ ܐܘ ‎xl‏ ܠܐ ܬܦܝܼܩܘܢ. ܡܛܠ ܕܙܒܢ̈ܬܐ ܣܓ̈ܝܝܐܬܐ ܐܛܥܚܝܘ ‎hs‏
‏ܒܒ̈ܢܝܝܢܫܐ ܬܡܢ. ܘܬܘܒ ‎«Jl‏ ܕܐ ܬܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎ez ΠΟ ΤΕ NOT‏ ܟܕ ‎ees‏
‏]$36 ܗܘܐ ܘܡܙܗܪ. ܟܕ ܒܠ̈ܝܠܘܬܐ ܡܿܡܓܣܚܢ ܗܘܘ ܡܢ ܠܓܘ.. 090 ܡܢ ܠܒܪ ܥܠ
ܬܪܥܐ. ܡܛܠ ܕܡܬܚܕܙܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎las Dhs‏ ܘܡܬܘܿܗܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܐܚܐ܂ ܘܢܓܕܝܢ
ܠܗ ܠܝܒܪ. ܡܛܠ ܕܡܢ ܠܬܚܬ ܠܡܥܪܬܐ܂. ܥܘܡܩܐ ܪܒܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎oo‏
‏ܛܘܒܢܐ ‎Les‏ ܗܘܐ ܠ ‎Jia Ru‏ ܕܡܫܪܝܬܗܢ. ܡܝܢ ܟܕ ܠܡܝܥܪܬܐ ܗܺܝ ‎egt‏ ܘܐܬܩܢ
3.00 ܒܪܘ ‎po  Lis,so‏ ܒܝܬ ‎[Ἀλλὰ]‏ ܘܡܟܝܠ ܐܚܘܬܐ ‎ὁ»‏ ܡܓܣܐ
‎Jon‏ ܬܟܝܠܐܝܬ. ‎Hilo‏ ܕܝܪܗܼ ܥܕܡܐ ‎RC «πο σος‏
ܕܒ ܐܬܪܐ ܗܘ 096« ܗܘܘ ° ‎S»)‏ ܒܘܪܟܬܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܦܘܠܘܣ ,. ܘܠܡ ܫܬ ܘܝ 3%
ܠܚܙܬܗ. ܘܠܡܫܡܼܥ ‎laxius‏ ܡܠܬܗ, ܐܦ ‎ως‏ ܡܘܗܒܬܐ ܕܐܣܝܘܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ
ܗܼܒ ‎Joi‏ ܒܐܝܕܗ. ܥܠ ܕܝܢ ܢܙܝܪܘܬܗ ܘܠܡܠܘܗܝ ܘܡܟܝܟܘܬܗ. ܐܢܫ ‎yu‏
‏ܘܢܟܬܘܒ܂ ܠܐ ‎Jpe‏ ܕܗܟܢܐ ܡܟܝܟ݀ ܗܘܐ ‎«slo‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܕܟܕ ܢܬܒ ‎Jon‏ ܒܪ ܐܢܥܐ

1. Ms. «7o — 2. Appy. corr. from ‏ܗܘܘ‎ — 3. Ms. ‏:ܘܠܡܝܬܘܐ‎ corr. Nold. — ^4. Με. ‏ܢܬܒ‎

he not agitated, bnt make the sign of the eross upon yon and be silent;
and, even if | myself eall yon or anyone else, do not eomo out » (because
the fiends often deceived men there). And again to those who eame to him
to receive instruction from him he would say the same words and le would
caution them, since at night they slept inside, and he outside hy the gate;
because fiends used to appear in his likeness, aud used to terrify the brother,
and entice him out; because under the cave there was a great hole. And so
the blessed man used to lie awake to guard the place in which he lived, from
the time when he directed his steps to that cave, and he made an altar and
set it up in it, and he made it a chapel. And thenceforth the hrothorhood
used to sleep conlidently in it; and his monastery extended to twenty. men.
And so all the men of that distriet used to rau to receive the blessed Paul's
blessing, «ud to gaiu the privilege of seeing him, and to hear his gentle
words; for God gave also into his hand a great gift of healing. But his
ascetieism and his labours and his humility no man can lsuccced in deseri-
bug‘; since he was so humble and retiring that, if à man were to sit with
him and converse for three days, he would not raise his face (πρόσωπον) nor

τι Οὐ " comprehend and describe’,

*38 v^ à,
