0

ܫܡ ———— ܫ ܡ ܢܡܐ ܐܐܐ ܐ ܘ ܘ ܐ ܐ ܗ ܐܐܐ

‎LIFE OF PAUL THE ANCHORITE. 113‏ ]119[
ܡܛܘ ‎où yl .,000 το ο‏ ܕܗܐ ܢܝܗܝ ܗܘܢ ܒ ܡܐܢܘ̈ܗܝ ‎Lisa:‏ ܛܪܐ ܗܘܐ
ܐ 1 ‎ΓΤ‏ ܕܢܠܪܩܚܘܗܝ. ‎O9‏ ܕܚܢ ° ܗܟܢܐ ‎Ke‏ ܒܛ ܠܘܬܗ ܟܠܗ ܠܠܚܐ ܗܽܘ܂. ܘܟܠܗ ‎bass!‏
‏ܘܬܘܒ ܐܦ ‎LM‏ ܐ̱ܚܪܢܐ. ܘܐܘܒ ܗܐ ܘܠܐ ܕܩܬܪ̈ܐ ܕܡܬܗܓܡܝܢ ܠܥܠ ܡܢܗ
ܕܛܘܒܢܐ. ܘܐܦ ܐܬܗܼܓܡܘ ‎NOT‏ ܡܢ ܠܥܠ ܡܝܢ ‎ao elle - La sn ns‏
ܠܘܬܗ. ܘܗܟܙܐܼ ‎es‏ ܗܘܘ ܟܕ ܗܼܘ ‎rs‏ ܒܝܠܝܘܬܗ.. ܟܕ ܠܐ ܡܢܫܬܠܛܝܢ
ܕܢܓܫܦܘܢ ‎Lisa οι‏ ܒ ̈ܬܟܐܬܘܢܐ ‎Rad yx‏ ܚܘ̈ܡܬܐ ܘܠܝܫ̈ܠܝܘܬܐ ܫܒܥܐ
ܒܕܘܟܬܐ ‎ou ωδι‏ ܘܟܕ ܬܘܚܬ̈ܠܦܐ ‎νο];‏ ܥ ܘܬܐ ‎Jo‏ ܕܝ̈ܘܐ ܗܠܝܢ ‎KES‏
‏ܠܝܘܬܗ: ܕܢܙܝܥܘܢܝܗܝ ‎οἱ‏ ܕܢܣܪܕܘܢܝܗܝ ‎οἱ‏ ܢܥܪܩܝܼܘܢܝܗܝ.. ܗܘ | ‎ΗΝ...‏
‏: : 99 ܐܝܟ
‎faiss 0):‏ ܫܪܝܪܐ ܕܡܪܗ ‎JI‏ ܡܬܬܙܝܥ ܗܘܐ . ܘܠܐ ‎ωδοι vo‏ ܠܗ ‎Vox,‏
‏ܘܕܡ̈ܘܬܗܘܢ ܡܫܟܪ̈ܬܐ. ܐܠܐ ܘܡܝܢ ܒܬܪ ܕܒܕܡܘܬ ܚܝܠܬܢܐ ‎Nolo‏ ܥܠ ܡܪܗ ܐܝܟ
‎Lao‏ ܕܘܝܕ: ܓܒܝ ܠܗ ܫܡ̈ܥܐ ܚܠ̈ܝܡܐ ‎Nes y‏ ܡܢ ܢܗܪܐ ܕܛܝܒܘܬܐ.. ‎uso‏
‏ܚܘܛܪܗ ‎Jag‏ ܘܛܕܥܢ ܩܠܝܥܐ ܕܬܘܟܠܝܢܐ ܫܡܝܢܐ.. ܘܚܪ ‎Has Sont‏
‎Asso‏ ܕܛܪ̈ܘܢܐ ܦܠܝܬ̈ܬܝܐ:. ‎ον‏ ܝܦ ܠܓܢܒܪܘܬܗܘܢ ܘܠܡܡܒ ܕܪܘ ܡܥܪܝܬܗܘܢ.

‎v à.‏ 27 + ܘܗܟܙܐ ‎πο ο νο‏ ܠܝܒܗ : ‎ass ans‏ ܕܡܝܥܪܬܐ ܗܳܝ ‎sas‏ ܘܬܪܡ.ܠܐ

‎breath were striking against the blessed mau's clothes in order to drive him
away. But he was thus coustant in prayer all that night, and all the day,
and again another night also. And next lola sound of boulders being uproot-
ed just above the blessed man, and they were indeed uprooted and came
down from the rock above, and they came, aud reaclied him, and thus they
would pass by while he was kneeling at his prayer, uot having power to
touch him. And ‏ܓ‎ he passed seven days and nights iu that place in such
couflicts. And, when these demons practised many different kinds of con-
trivances against him in order to shake him or frighten him or drive him
away, he like ἃ mighty man ‏ܝ‎ in the true breastplate of his Lord was not
shaken, nor reckoned their wiles and their foul shapes as anytliiug, but also
after he had, like a mighty man who trusts in. his Lord, after the pattern of
the holy David, chosen for himsell the sound pebbles of pravers from the
river of grace, and had taken the staff of the cross, and Hfted. the sling of
heavenly trust, then he next looked upon the camp of the Philistine tyrants,
to pull down their prowess and to scatter their camp. And so on ilie eighth

‎PATH, OR, — T7. XVII. — F. 1. 9
