[83] LIVES ΟΙ ABRAHAM AND MARO. 83

ܗܠܝ ܢ ‎ise JI aieo‏ ܗܘܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܒܚܕ ܨܠܝܘ̈ܬܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ. ܟܕ ܛܒ ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܒܟܪ̈ܝܗܐ
ܒܝܕ ܡܠܬܐ ‎Jf Ms‏ ܟܕ ‎[ioco‏ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܠܐ ܝܗܒ ܗܘܐ ܡܣܬܥܕܵܢ ܗܽܘܝ܂.
‎οἱ‏ ܥܠ ܕܝ̈ܘܐ ܕܠܦܩܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ: ‎οἱ‏ ܥܠ ܫܪܟܐ ‎μα δὲ»‏ ܐܠܘ ‎Aus‏ ܕܚܕܐ ܚܕܐ
ܐܘܕܥ,. ܠܡܕܬܚܐ ܕܬܫܡ̈ܝܬܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܡܬܫܬܪܓܔܓܠ ‎Lo‏ ܐܠܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܩܠܝܠ ܡܢ
ܣ݀ܓܝ܂ ܣܦ̈ܩܝܢ ܕܢܥܝܕ̈ܢ ܬܫܒܘܚܬܐ ܠܐܠܗܐ ܒܡ̈ܡܬܛܦܝܣܢܝܗܝܢ. ܥܠ ܙܒܢܐ ܕܝܝܢ
ܕܩܘܡܗ. ܫܡܿܥܠܝ ܥܠ ‎Joss .,walo res Leurs μας hoc Lao!‏
ܚܡܫܬܥܣܪ. ‎Loja Lio‏ ܒܝ̈ܘܡܝ ܐܚܝܘܗܝ ‎us eA‏ ܚܕܥܣܪܐ. ܕܘܝ̈ܿܠܡܝܢ
ܠܙܒܢܐ ܕܐܓܘܢܐ ܕܥܡ̈ܡܠܘܗܝ ‎uis‏ ܐܪܒܥܝܝܢ. ܥܠ ܫܪܟܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܥܡ̈ܡܠܘܗܝ ܘܐܠܝܨܘܬܐ
ܕܩܘܡܪܘ ‎Jlansso‏ ܕܕܘܒܕ̈ܘܗܝ܂ܿ ܝܬܝܪܬܐ ‎DA‏ ܐܢܐ ܠܡܟܬܒ. ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܕܝܢ ܒܬܪܗ
ܩܫܝܫܐ ‎o‏ ܒܪ ܓܢܣܗ.. ܕܡܢܗ ܕܙܒܢܐ ܩܕܡܝܐ ‎oon‏ ܠܐ ܢܩܘܡ ܥܠ ܐܣܛܛܘܢܐ..
ܓܒܪܐ ܐܦ ° ܗܼܘ ܕܒܗܝܢ ܒܥܩ̈ܒܬܗ ܬܪܝܨܐܝܬ܂ ܘܚܠܫܡܐܝܬ ;ܕܐ ‎Jon‏ ܐܦ ܓܚܪ ܟܕ
ܚܝ ‎λογο où‏ ܛܘܒܐܼ 7 ‎ais qoos‏ ܐܢܫܐ ܝܗ̇ܒܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎co‏ ܕܕܐܝܟ ܐܝܢܐ

1. Mz, with stop following. — 2. Gorr. by later hand 10 lon — 3, Corr, fran hisat.

through the blessed man's prayers; though, il 1 had uudertaken to tell all
the things that were performed in sick men ihrongh the outward. word ouly
without his applying his touch to these. either in the case of demons who
came out, or in that of the other acts of healiug, one by one. E should have
wandered into a greatly protrarted series of stories; but these few out of
many are enough to stir np praise to God in those who are convinced by lien.
As to the time of lis standing he completed on the column in this trial o£
endurance (ἀγών) twenty-nine vears and fifteen days, and tu the tree-sewment
in his brother's days he passed eloven xeirs, so that for the tinie of the trial
of endurance (zyóvi iu which lie laboured (here are müde np forty years '

Bat as to the rest of his labours and the painfulness of his standing and the
austerity of his habits I reckon it superflious to write. But. his successor
is his own presbyter, his kiusiiau, à mau who from the very earliest. time,
when he himself was not standing ou the column, himself also walked rightly
aud soundly in his very footsteps. — For, even while the saint was alive,

all men used to congratulate him, because such à man was Standing before

1, ΖΓ lhe Jun invasion was in 515, this would being Ms death to 22375; bul, as J. seems fo have
Jeft the monaslery not later lan 222,3 (see ® (( mas perii. place M^ death in 522 and take 20
(p. 781 às a round number. This Crows μασ Abralin's deatli £o cire. 593, and tic beginning of his

ascetie life to cire, 453,

‎αι ἢν‏ ܝ ܐ
