*A d15x*a,

‎JOIN OF. EPITESUS. [66;‏ 66
ܕܢܟܝܠܘܬܗܘܢ ‎UD eode‏ ܕܢܣܝܼܒܪ ܥܠ ‎y «RM‏ ܕܗܐ ܥܡ ‎ολ x‏
‎Lis‏ ܘܛܪ̈ܕܝ ܕܝ̈ܘܐ ܘܡ̈ܐܣܝܝ ܟܐܒܝ̈ܐ܇ ܕܒܝܕ ܗܠܝܢ܂ ܠܡ ‎Mas‏ ܘܢܫܬܒܪܘܪ..
ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎Jes.‏ ܥܠ }5}[ ‎Jlaïso rame‏ ܥܠ ܡܚ̈ܝܘܬܐ ܒܩܒܠ. ܘܡܢ ܗܢܐ
ܐܡܢܐ ‎Jlaxss‏ ܕܚܠܦ ܚܶܛܗܝܢ ܕܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܢܦܘܝܢ ° ܘܢܒܣܐ ܐܝܟ ‎où‏ ܠܡ ܕܗܐ
ܙܕܝܩܝܢܢ ܗܘ . ܘܒܝܕ ‎ος ο ο‏ ܡܝܢ ‎Loi‏ ܪܗܝܥܝܐ
‎Lio]‏ ܕܬܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܚܠܝܦ ‎DO‏ ܢܦܘܫ ܆. ܘܠܓܡܪ ܢܛܝܼܒܥ 35[ ‎Lans‏
‏ܕܚܘ̈ܒܐ. ܘܐܫܠܝܡ ‎v‏ ܗܺܝ ‎ej?‏ ܒܣ ܪܝ ܩܘܬܐ ܝܘ̈ܡܝܗܘܢ܇. ܘܫܝ̈ܢܝܗܘܢ
ܡܣܪܗܒܐܝܬ܇. 29 ܕܐܦ ܠܝܣ̈ܓܝܐܐ ‎Jan s M sS κο ος Mae‏

‏ܕܕܝ̈ܘܐ. ܘܐܣܒܪܘ ‎Jess‏ ܗܘ ' ܕܡܣܝܬܥܪ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ ܒܝܕ ܢܟ̈ܠܝܗܘܢ 1:91 . ‎dado‏ ̇

‏ܘܐܬܬܚܚܕܘ ܒܥܘ̈ܡܩܐ ܕܒܝܥ̈ܬܐ̇. ܒܝܕ ܡܣܝܒܪ̈ܢܘܬܐ ܣܖ̈ܝܩܬܐ ܕܗܐ ܠܡ ܡܿܝܦܩܝܢ
ܕܝܘ̈ܐ ܘܡܐܣܝܢ ܟܦ̈ܐܒܐ܆. ‎ον Jo‏ ܕܒܒܝܬܐ ‎“ske μα...‏ ܘܒܩܛܡܐ
ܗܘܐ ‎Li‏ ܠܝ̈ܒܗܘܢ܇. ܘܢܦܫ̈ܬܗܘܢ ܡܥܡܪܐ ‎Anar Jlatsso Ux Kos‏

‎"b ο

‏ܟܘܬܡܐ ‎Joker‏ ܡܿܠܝܝܢ܇. ܘܡܿܒܙܚܝܢ ܒܗܘܢ ܕܝܘ̈ܐ ‎Jon‏ ܠܡ ܡܦܩܝܢ ܠܗܘܢ

‎some such thought of ourselves as that we ourselves are indeed righteous
and expellers of demons and healers of diseases, so that by this means
we may be puffed up and be arrogaut, so as to add disaster to disaster,
and reccive blows upon blows, and cease and remit these constant petitions
to God for our sins, as if we were indeed righteous, and through the guile-
Iulness of the demous” deceitfuliess cease the rapid running on the road of
repentance for our sins, and utterly sink in the stormy sea of sins, and there
be fulfilled against us the saying ‘Their days were eonsumed in vanity,
and their vears rapidly δν which also happened Lo many, and they ehlildishly
yielded to tlie deceitfulness of the demons, and thought that what was done
io them through the deceits of the fiends was true, and Tell and were caught
in tlie depths of < through the vain suppositions that they were indeed
casting out demons and healing diseases, and do not understand that they
are sitting in ἃ dark house, and their heart is feeding ou ashes, and they
are making their souls à dwelling-place for demons, and filling parts of
themselves with tlie. stain of sins, and the demons. are mocking at them
because they are indeed casting thon out without considering our Lord's

‎1. Pss tx N vr, 37.

‎|
