"arde

‎ss JOIN OF EPHESUS. [88]‏
ܕܥܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܐܟܣܢܝܐ.. ܗܽܘܐ ܗܘܐ ܘܐܬܐ ‎so‏ ܘܥܕܡܐ ܠܥܣܪܐ ‎eee m‏
‎ο.‏ ܕܐܢܐ ܒܠܥܕ ܡܿܠܟܐ ܡܫܝܚܐ ܠܚܡܐ ‎πο Nash‏
‎bol‏ ܐܠܐ ‎ο οκ ο A‏ ܙܝܥܝܢ
ܗܘܘ ܡܢܗ ܕܢܥܨܠܘܢ ‎sodes‏ ܡܛܠ ܚܩܝܪܘܬܗ ܘܡܛܠ ܡܘܟܟܗ ܣܓܝܐ ܐ
ܕܩܕܡܝܗܘܢ. ܬܘܒ ܐܚܖ̈ܢܐ ܗܠܝܢ ‎Ko:‏ ܐܟܘܬܝ ‎"σος! Satan‏ ܝܬܚܪ ܡܢ
‎οἱ his ve‏ ܬܠܬܐ ‎Dt μο‏ ܢܥܒܕܘܢ ‎J ejes‏ ܡܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܡܛܘܠ
ܗܪܗ ܪܒܐ ܘܬܫܡܫܬܗ ܢܓܝܪܬܐ. ܝܬܝܪ ܕܝܢ ܡܝܢ ‎RL‏ ܥܡܿܝܢ ܕܠܠܝܐ ‎eet‏
‏ܠܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܦܘܪܣܐ. ‎Jl‏ ܟܕ ‎xls‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܠܠܝܐ.. ‎pen ο.)‏ ܪܰܡܳܐ ܗܘܐ. ܘܥܠ
‎hs, $6uy‏ ܐܝܟܐ ܕܡܫܪܐ ‎Jon‏ ܬ݁ܡܶܢ ܡܿܡܫܠܡ ‎Ko Jon‏ ܓܕܫ ‎Νεο‏ ܗܘܐ ܥܕܢܐ
ܝܬܝܪܐ.. ‎δι | ar ol ooo του so 5) LL Jon ass‏ ܗܘܐ
ܫܡܫ ‎joo‏ ܒܟܘܪܚܐ. ܟܕ ‎las‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܕܢܙܘܿܪ܂. ‎«ero‏ ܙܠ ܗܘܐ ' ܡܩ ܚܡ
ܠܗܘܢ ܠܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܕܕܦܪܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎μοι»‏ ܥܡܬܐ ‎μι...»‏ ܘܚܘܒܐ ܫܦܝܥܐ ܘܚܦܝܛܘܬܐ
‎Je‏ ܘܬܠ ܝܡ ܚܘ̈ܡܘܗܝ ‎Jia‏ ܗܢܐ ܕܬܕܡܘܪܬܐ.. ܟܕ ‎Nas‏ ܝܘ̈ܡܝ ܚܝ̈ܘܗܝ
ܡܬܓ ܒܪ ‎Jes‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܐ ܢܟܚܘܢ ܒܢ̈ܝ ‎«ax: μη‏ ܘܢܣܝܒܪܘܢ ܝܘܩܪܐ

‎1. An erasure follows, — 2. Mz. oni.

‎much as six and seven and even ten days, and taste nothing, saying, € For
my parl without King Christ 1 cannot eat bread, unless he has thought me
worthy to sit at table with him in his bondmen ».. Many. were deterred by
hin [rom going in to him ou aeceunt of his revereud eliaraeter and on account
of lis reat humility in their presence: others again who were a little lazy like
ie could uot pass more [han two nights or three at most witli him, on account
of his great walching and proliaeled. recitation of service: lor there was no
possibility of his sleeping more than two hours of the nigb but he would
stand up iu tlie night aud lift ap the head of David. and, nutil the day broke,
where he began there he would ο ἐν aid, if it happeued that he had some
Gne over, be would. leave the brothers resting, and would himself go and
recile the gospel ares in the hut, weeping, until daybreak, and tieu he
would ` amd. rouse (hein to perlorm malins. And so this wonderlul man
ended his days in this severe labour aud abundant love and great earnestuess,
` τπο fortitude all tie days of his life; so that men were uot able to support

‎and endure the burden of his great labours more than a short time, except

‎1 5:6 ο the whole psaller,
