ενα LIFE OF JOHN THE NAZIRITE. 53

‎ess]‏ ܕܚܢܢܐ܇ ܕܕܠܝܠܐܝܬ ܥܕܒܐ ܕܪ̈ܚܡܘܗܝ ‎opas‏ ܠܡܚܝܠܘܬܗܐ. ܘܬܘܒ ܐܦܢ
ܐܣܚܘܬܐ ‎Nas‏ ܐܝܢܐ ܕܒܕܠܥ: ܘܡܢ ܒܬܪܗܿ°̄ ܬܘܒ ܡܚܘܬܐ ‎Je]‏ ܢܒܕܠܥ. ܠܐ
3 ܠܗ ]9 ‎Lisa‏ ܕܢܗܡܐ'. ܡܢ ‎Là‏ ܕܬܢܝܢܘܬ ‎dons‏ ܠܬܪܥܗ ܕܐܣܝܐ܆.. ܐܦܢ
ܒܢܝܢ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܢ ‎JL o] Sa‏ ܡܝܢ ‎vnamds oo‏ ܥܠ »5 ‎oda so,‏ ܗ݀ܝ
ܕܐܦ ‎bras‏ ܓܠܝ̈ܐ ‎LUN Fan etre‏ ܕܒܠܥܝܝܢ. ܕܟܠ ܟܡܐ ܕܚܫ̈ܝܗܘܢ

‏ܒܗܘܢ ܢܠܛܝܪܝܢ": ‎xo v5 «el‏ ܢܬܡܡܚܘܢ.. ܠܐ ܡܗܡܝܢ ܡܢ ܕܠܡܬܦܪܣܘ
‎das‏ ܚܦܝܛܘܐܐ. ܥܠ ‎ee]‏ ܐܣܝܘܬܗܘܢ ‎M‏ ܗܟܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܘܠܐܝܠܝܢ
ܕܡܫܬܪܥܝܢ' ܡܢ 1 ܒܬܪ ܫܘܪܥܬܐ ܕܡܦܘܠܬܐ ܪܘܚܢܝܬܐ: ‎doy‏ ܡܣܥܪܕ. ܟܕ
‎y‏ ܢܗܘܘܢ ‎Lau‏ ܠܦܣܩ ܣܒܪܐ ‎νο‏ ܚܫ̈ܐ܆. ܘܡܝܢܥܡܝܢ ‎«aso‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܒܐܝܕܐ
‎oot s Sea‏ ܗܠܝܢ ‎"et‏ ܠܘܐ ܐܢܝܐ ‎wis Nas‏ ܕܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܕܒܫܘܙ̈ܥܬܐ ܡܕܡ
ܢܬܬܚܙܘܢ: ܗܼܢܘܢ ܠܗܘܢ ܢܕܚܘܢ ܠܘܬ ܗܘܬܐ ܥܡܝܩܬܐ ܕܚܛܝܬܐ'.. ‎Las‏ ܪܒܐ
ܘܠܬܢܬܚܝܬܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܬ| ܘܝܢ ܕܟܕ ܒܝܕ ܫܘܪܥܬܐ ‎escas‏ ܘܒܣܚܢܝܐ ‎No‏

‎sas eH‏ ܚܠܦ ܗ݀ܝ ܕܠܘܬ ‎Has‏ ܕܟܘܬܡ̈ܬܗܘܢ ܢܪܗܼܛܘܢ ܐ ‎γα»‏ ܡܠܦܢܘܬܐ
ܕܒܗܬܬܐ ‎«on‏ ܕܐܫܪܥܘ ‎Pass] as}‏ ܕܡܫܡܠܝܐܝܬ ܢܪܡܘܢ ܢܦܫܗܘܢ ‎Bas‏

‎1. C e. — 9, ( eia. — 3, € ‏ܢܗܡܐ‎ — αν € pl, — 3. C EN ‏ܐܐ ,6 ܚ ܬܕܚܝܘܬܗܘܢ ܒܗܘܢ‎ pl. — 7. €
5: πὶ 5.0 om. » - - 9. Here P begins again. - -- 10. P ins, le. - - 11, 1} abus. Points precede, uot
follow, in BC (reading of P unknown. — 19, € ins. Vs. — I3. P om.

‎easily apply the plaster of his merey to his infirmity. And further, even il
the man who has been 0 receive healing, and after it be again
smitten with another stroke, he should not even κο neglect to run à second
time to the Plhiysiciau's door, even if he he smilten many times, or refrain
from entreating lor a plaster for his stroke, a thing whieh we see happen
iu visible battles also to those who are sinitten, that, as long as their lile is
preserved in them, even if they be struck many times, they do not neglect
Lo take measures for their bodily healing with all carefulness. — So those also
who have lapsed after the lapse of a spiritual fall must acl, not falling inta
despair of life, and delivering themselves into the hand of their euenmies,
When these things are brought ahout in the euse of any persons. tliat, after
they have been involved jn auy lapses. they. Chrust liemselves ito the deep
cavern of sin, they are worthy. objects for great wecping and many ος.
in that, having fallen through a lapse, and having been a little besmirclied
with mire, instead of running to have their slains washed. away, through
he shameful teaching of those who caused them to lapse they resolved to
