ἜΤ νὴ».

7^ JOUN OF EPIIESUS. 74]

ܬܒ ܥܠ ܟܐܦܟ܂ ܘܚܕܙܝ ܢܦܫܟ. ܐܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܒܣܘܒܪ̈ܢܐ ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܝܕܥ ‎I) μὶ‏
ܠܝ ܠܐ ‎ουν‏ ܐܢܐ. ܬܒ ‎uso Jr‏ - ܘܠܐ ܩܪܝܒ ܐܢܬ ‎«M‏ ܘܠܐ ܩܪܝܒ ‎μὲ‏

ܠܟ. ܟܘܠ ܐܢܫ ܘܐܢ ܚܚ̈ܛܗܘܗܝ ܘܐܢ ܙܕܝܩܘܬܗܼ ܒܓܕܗ. ܗܠܝܢ ܓܝܪ ܕܣܠܩܝܢ
‎Lo‏ ܠܐ ܢܟܦܝܚܣܘܢ ‎FAS‏ ܘܟܕ ܗܟܝܢ ‎wel‏ ܒܪ ܐܢܥܐ ‎votants ias où‏
‎b‏ ܚܪ ‎a S39‏ ܡܢ ܠܝܘܬܗ ܕܛܘܒܬܐ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܛܝܘܒ ...ܐ ‎so Sn‏

ܘܩܪܝܙܗܝ ܒܟܠܐܼ ܪܡܐ ܟܕ ‎aas‏ ܗܘܐ ‎esL‏ ܘܐܡܪ ܠܗ. ܘܝ ܠܟ ܒܪܝ ܗܐ ‎as‏
‏ܦܬܓܡܐ ܕܪܘܓܙܐ ܠܠܟ ܡܝܢ ܫܡܝܐ. ܠܐ ܓܝܪ ܬܣܒܪ ܕܐܢܐ ܚܛܝܐ ܠܛܬܟ. ܚܣ
ܠܝ. ܐܠܐ ܬܘܒ ‎blo‏ ܥܡܟ ‎νο‏ ܐܢܐ ܥܠܚܡ ܠܟܐܢܘܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ + 3250 ܬܬܨܦܪܩ.
ܗܼܘ ܕܚܢ܂ ܚܬܝܪܐܝܬ ‎axle L|‏ ܬܥܒܕ ܟܐܢܘܬܐ ܡܕܡ ܕܒܥܝܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎is‏ ܟܢ
ܛܘܒܢܐ ܡܿܝܕܡܥ܂ ܘܐܸܡܿܪ. ܐܢܐ ܒܪܝ ‎pans‏ ܐܢܝܐ ܡܢ ܚܛܗܟ. ܐܢܬ ܝܕܥ ܐܢܬ.
ܒܦܠܓܗ ‎es‏ ܕܠܬܚܐ ܢܘܪܐ ܡܝܢ ܐܪ̈ܒܥܬ ܓܘܢܘ̈ܬܗ ‎aee] ous‏ ܟܕ ܗܼܘ ܛܘܒܢܐ
‎sy‏ ܕܒܕܡܘܬܐ ܕܐܣܦܝܪܐ ܡܝܢ ܫܡܝܐ ܠܐܪܥܐ ܥܒܐ ܗܘܬ ܘܢܚܬܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ` ܒܪ
‎ολο»‏ ܐܫܬܠܛܛܬ ܫܠܪܗܒܝܬܐ ܗܺܝ ܒܒܝܬܗܼ ‎so ont ὁ so‏ ܒܟܠܗܘܢ

1, Points 0) the line follow.

saying, « Blessed man, sit on your stone, and mind yourown business. | will
not neglect matters which 1 know to Le proper for me. Sitin your monastery
aud be quiet, and you have no concern with me, and l none with yon. Every
man's sins or rigliteousness as tlie case may be falls to his lot. Those who
aro going up fo heaven will uot. entreat for me». When that eaptive man
whom the evil one had taken captive had said. these things, he turned. his
ace 10 go out from the blessed man's presence: but the hlessed man was
distressed aud wept, and, carried away by his leelings, called him with a loud
voice and said τὸ hin : « Woe for vou, my son! a pronouncement. ot wratli
µας gone out against you. from heaven (lor think not that 1 the sinner lave
eursed. vou; far be it from me). But repent and 1 with vou will entreat
God's justice Tor vou, aud. perhaps von will be delivered (| But he became
more hardened, ail said : « Let justice do what it likes » : aud so he departed;
while the blessed man shed tears and said : « 1, iny son, am innocent of your
sin. You kuow ». But at midnight fire broke out from the Jour corners
vi eb his house, while tlie blessed. man sw it ` ` and coming
down from leayeu to eurtli bike a hall (694852); and so that llame immediately
made itself master of his house and his property, and seized all his furniture ;
