‎LIVES OF SIMEON AND SEIRGIUS. 105‏ ]105[
ܠܘ ܚܕ ‎οἱ «5. ol‏ ܡܐܐ ܒܬ ܘܕ ‎uxo‏ ܗܘܘ . ܐܠܐ ܟܘܠ ܚܕ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ,.
ܡܝܢ ܓܒܗ ܗܽܘܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܡܥܬܬܦܚܝܢ ܠܗ ‎was‏ ܒܗ. ܗܽܘܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܟ
ܬܠܬܡܐܐ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܫܕܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܥܬܡܢ: ܬܟܝܠܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܕܡܬ ܡܠܐ
ܨܒܝܢܗܘܢ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ‎Faro‏ ܣܪܓܝܣ ܟܕ ܒܡܨܥܬܐ ‎Ji)‏ ܠܥܠ ܡܢ ‎[SJ‏
‎Keno‏ ܚܒܫܫ ܗܘܐ .. ‎rA»‏ ܥܘܕܪܢܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ܂ ‎[ses‏ ܕܬܠܬܐ܂ ܡܢܗܘܢ ‎Sel]‏
‏ܟܕ ܐܦ ܦܪ̈ܙܠܘܗܝ܂ ‎As‏ . ܘܐܦ ‎Loao‏ ܚܕ ܕܡ̈ܝܐ ܕܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܘܬܗ ‎εαν‏
‏ܒܚܪܝܦܘܬ ܛܢܢܕܗ ܠܒܕܟܗ ܒܐܝܕܗ܂. ܘܣܠܕܼܩ ܠܟܘܬܗ ܠܥܠ ܡܢ ‎JS,‏ ܡܕܝܪ̈ܐ.
‎EU‏ ܐܦ ܩܘܩܐ ‎où‏ ܒܐܝܕܗ ܘܦܖ̈ܙܠܐ ܥܡܗܢ. ܘܢܚܝܼܬ ܩܡ ܥܠ ܪ̈ܓܠܘܗܝ ܠܒܪ
ܡܢ . ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܐܸܬܦܠܛ.. ܘܠܘܐ )9&3 ‎Kosuo JJ] so‏ ܥܠ ‎ais)‏
‏ܩܕܡܘܗܝ܂ ܘܐܡܼܒ. ‎jaon‏ ܡܪܝ ‎Dans Am‏ ܠܟ ‎JON‏ ܘܫܡܿܥ ܠܟ ܒܥܪܪܐ.
ܕܐܠܘ ܦܣܐ ‎Je p‏ ܐ ‎ES yl ENS‏ ܠܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܝ ‎pets‏ ܘܟܕ ܟܠ
ܡܕܡ ‎usant‏ ܠܗ ‎«ιοί‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܡܪܚܡܢܐ. ܕܒܛܝܠ ܠܗ ܥܠ ܕܝܠܗ. ܒܬܪܟܢ
‎onm s] ες‏ ܠܪ̈ܒܗܼ : ܕܢܐܙܠ ‎Jes μοῦ‏ ܒܕܘܟܬܐ ܚܕܐ ܕܛܘܪܐ ܕܩܪܝܬܐ ܚܕܐ

‎or à hundred only, but eaeli one of them would pull him! from his side and
torture him (for they were abont three hundred); and aecordiugly those
who used to send to that place were confideut that their purpose would be
aceomplished. But tlie holy Sergius, being confined in the middle of the
monastery on the third floor, by God's help escaped from them on the third
day, having even slipped out of his irons, aud. à certain piteher [or water,
which was the only thing that he had with him, lie also in the keenuess of his
ardour grasped in his hand, aud he climbed up to his window on the third
floor, and he leaped with that pitcher also in. his hand and the irons with
i, and he came down and stood on his feet. outside the monasterv. And
so he escaped from them, and came to his holy master; and he fell upon
his faee before him, and said : « Now, sir, 1 have learned that God loves
you, and in truth hears you; since, unless the mediation of your pravers helps,
it would have been quite impossilde for me to see your face ». When he
had related everything to hin, he gave thanks lo the imereiful God, who cares
for his own.  Bnt afterwards he asked. his master's permission to go and
build à monastery in à certain mountainuus distriet belonging to à village

‎1. Sie sr. — 2. Wat was the use. of the irons? IT it is imeanl that they. were slill on him. tlie
slatement is inconsislent with what precedes,

‎᾿
