“204 h

‎JOHN OF EPIESUS. .86]‏ 86
‎Loc‏ ܕܐܟܣ̈ܢܝܐ. ܟܘܠ ܓܝܪ ܐܟܣܢܝܐ ܒܪ ܐܣܟܡܐ ܕܐܬܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܘܬܗ. ܦܠܬܚ
ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܗܼܘ ܬܪܥܐ ܕܥܥܠ ܡܝܢ ܐܣܬܐ.. ‎se‏ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ܠܒܪܐ. ‎No‏ ܗܘܐ
ܠܘܬܗ. ‎ye‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ‎nx:‏ ܗܘܐ ‎o‏ ܘܢܫܩ ܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ. ‎Sao‏ ܗܘܐ ܥܠ
ܐܲܦܘ̈ܗܝ ‎SNMJ Mo yo‏ ܘܡܿܡܢܫܩ ‎LAURE‏ ܘܠܥܩ̈ܒܘܗܝ. ܟܕ ‎nc‏ ܘܩܥܐ
‎hex alo‏ ܐܢܐ ܠܡܪܝ ‎«δα»‏ ܕܐܬ | ܝܘܡܢܐ ܣܥܪܗ ‎LAN‏ ܘܐܘܘܝܗ
ܕܢܚܙܝܘܗܝ ܒܥܒ̈ܕܘܗܝ ܩܕ̈ܝܥܐ. 300 ‎cr Sr‏ ܗܘܘ ܨܠܘܬܐ ‎"m * Ras ko‏
ܗܘܐ ܠܘܬ ܡܐܢܐ ܕܚܡܪܐ ܒܗ ܡܫܬܟܚ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ . ܘܡܿܬܐ ܗܘܐ ܩܪܥܐ ܚܕ ܕܥܒܝܕ

‏ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܘܩܠܘܪܐ ‎δυο tA‏ ܥܠ ‎où LS » ωοιᾶς)‏ ܡܶܝܢ ‎soo‏
‏ܩܕܡ ܟܠ ‎ego‏ ܕܢܣܝܒ ܗܽܘ ‎fre‏ ܩܪܐ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܕܝܢ ܪܚܡ ܐܟܣ̈ܢܝܐ܂. ܘܕܢܠܥܣ
‎fi où‏ + ܟܕ ܐܡܪ ܠܗ ‎ske‏ ܐܢܬ . ܐܠܐ ܡܛܠ ‎sa. DADA JS‏ #0
ܗܢܐ ܩܕܡܐܝܬ. ܘܟܕ ‎ας où‏ ܗܘܐ . ‎dé oo‏ ܗܘܐ ‎qM‏ ܠܩܧܥܐ ܘܡܿܩܪܒ
‎Less‏ - ܘܡܛܝܒ ܣܕܘܢܐ ܘܪܡܐ ܒܚܝܕܘܗܝ܂. ܒܗܘ ܛܘܦܣ ܐ ‎eh‏ ܡܪܢ ‎AN‏
‏ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܢܚܝܔܓ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܐܢ ܚܕ ܗܘܐ܂ ܘܐܢ ‎JE‏ ܟܕ ‎JI‏ ܕܢܡܠܠܘܢ ‎Ala‏

‎1, Au erasure fofluns, — 2. Ms. pl.

‎that of the entertainment of strangers.  Whenever any. stranger wearing the
habit (cj22i came to him. he would himself open the gate at the top of the
wall for him, and he would come up outside and come down to him; and he
svould take hold of him and embrace him and kiss liis hands; and he would
fall upon his face and forcibly take hold of liim, and would kiss his feet and
his heels, leaping and ® ` and saying, « ] thank my. Lord Jesus that he
has come Lo-das and visited. the sinner, and has thought me worthy to see
hun in his holy. bondmen ». And, as soon as they. had made the praver
and were sitting down, he would run to a vessel containing wine, and would
lll a certat gonrd-cup that had been made by. him and ἃ roll (2933522) ',
and. before anvthing else would [αἱ on his face before the murs feet. whoever
he ciglt be, that he might take that eip; and the hospitable man would
invite him to cat that roll ce2332xi also, saving to him, « You are weary; but
lor God's sake be kid and take this first ».. And, while that inan. was
receiving it, hehimselfwoull run and prepare a footpan eve and bring water,
and won^d prepare a towel and put it round his loins, in the manner which

‎our Lord so taught; and thus he would wash them whether they. were one

‎] < ( `
