"TO v oh.

110 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [110]

ܘܠܐ ܡܐ ܢܬ ܠܗ ‎οἱ‏ ܐܬܩܬܛܥܼܬ ܠܗܢ. ܐܦ ܠܐ ܗܟܢܐ ܥܕܟܝܚܠ ܣܒܕܥ. ܡܛܠ ‎Lise‏
‎is‏ ܠܘܬ ‎bo‏ ܠܐ ܐܙܠܬܘܢ. ܗܢܐ ܕܐܢܕܚ ܠܐܠܗܐ ‎"θελα‏ ܕܐܦ ܥܕܡܐ ‎uns‏
‎LAS Lena‏ ܪܝܚܐ ܕܕܘܒܕܵܘܗܝ ܘܕܨܒܝܬܪܗ ܛܒܐ ‎ES NEST ias‏ ܕܝܢ
ܢܢܐ ܗܥܝܢ.. ܟܕ ܫܡܕܥܘܢ ܡܝܢ ‎νο‏ ܗܠܝܢ.. ܢܕܠܘ ܥܠ ܐܦܫ̈ܗܘܢ ܘܡܦܝܣܝܢ
ܗܘܘ ܠܗܼ ‎ele‏ ܕܡܢܘ ܡܪܝ ܗܢܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܐܡܪܬ ܠܢ ‎SAS‏ ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ
ܐܝܟ ܙܘܺܝ ܕܐܦ ܡܪܢ ‎ak‏ ܒܣܒܪܬܗ.. ܕܠܐ ܠܡ ܡܫܟܚܐ ‎μὲν‏ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܕܒܥܠ

ܛܘܪܐ ‎Luis‏ ,. ܘܬܘܒ ܕܗܟܢܐ ܢܢܘܐ ܢܘܗܪܟܘܢ ܩܕܡ ‎Js] is‏ ܕܢܚܝܕܙܘܢ ܠܒ̈ܕܝܟܘܢ
‎[ESA‏ ܘܢܢܫܟܚܘܢ ܠܐܒܘܟܘܢ ܕܒܫܡܝܐ ,. ‎wl‏ ܠܗܘܢ ‎ot Las‏ ܗܢܐ ܡܶܢ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ.
ܫܡܥܘܢ ‎e) lasse‏ ܒܪܝܫ ܬܠܠܐ ‎sos‏ ܩܪܝܬܐ. ܐܠܐ ܙܥܘܢ ܠܘܬܗ ܂. ܘܝܐܠܘ
‎Os‏ ܡܬܚ ܘܐܡܪܘܢ ‎où‏ ܕܐܙܫ ܒܬܛܝܥܐܠܐ ‎Skis fM‏ ܒܡܕܒܪܐ ܡܦܝܣ
‎D‏ ܕܐܝܟܙܐ ‎wa‏ ܐܢܐ ܠܟ ܕܪܬܚ ܐܢܬ ‎Sas‏ ܥܕܢ ᾿ ܒܚ ܘܒܟ ܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ..
‎octo [se Jlsès‏ ܡܨܠܐ ‎LS‏ ܗܢܘܢ ܕܚܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܐܢܫܐ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܦܩܕܕ ܠܗܘܢ
‎οἱ -μιϑαῤ‏ ܘܐܘܕܥܘܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܠܩܕܝܫܐ ‎Qa»‏ ܘܐܡܪܘܢ ‎ec‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎ol‏

1. Ms, ‏.ܗܢܘܢ‎ This and the following Words le ον ] 5, ure wrillen in an erasure,

doing? Wherefore, my sons, did you not go to this man, who has refreshed
God iu the persons of the weary, who bas also caused the savour of his
praetiees and of his purpose that is good and acceptable! at all times
to reach to he heavens of heavens? » ΕΙ these men on hoaring these
things from the saint feH on their faces and continned entreating bim aud
saviug :« Who, sir, is he οἳ whom vou have said these things to us? »
But the blessed. man, in accordance with what our Lord also tanght in his
preaching. « A city built upon a mountain cannot be lid », and again € So
let vonr light shine before men, that they may see your good. works and
` ‏ܐܣ‎ vonr Father that. is in the heavens »?. says to these men : « This
is Simeon. the reelnse who is living in seclusion on the top of a hill in the
village o£ 00 Dut go to him, and greet him from me and say to lim,
Ani bille siufnl man settled. in the desert entreats you, « As know you

to be always fervent in vour love towards God, perform an act of love, and

pras for ane "7. Bat these men, as the blessed. man enjoined. them,
eam * aid informed. die holy Simeon. el these things; and they «aid to
A E à
ins is he sad τὰ them, seven. vears before his. departure from the body,
|] ‏ܙ‎ o Madii v. {αν ‏.ܐܐܐ‎

