¥ < 5

‎JOHX OF EPIIESUS. [80]‏ 80
ܥܕܡܐ 1.9 ܡܢ ‎κ ΝΘ‏ ܝܘܡܡܬܐ ܥܣܕ̈ܝܢ.. ܚܝ̈ܠܘܬܐ ܕܗ̈ܘܢܝܐ ‎an.‏ ܘܦܣܚܘܗ̇
‎Lil‏ ܕܡܕܢܚܐ. ܕܠܐ ܐܬ ܙܝܘ ܒܐܪܥܐ ܕܪ̈ܗܘܡܝܐ ܐܟܘܬܗܘܢ ܕܬܩܫܦܚܝܢ.. ܐܦ ! ܡܡܬܘܡ
ܐܫܬܡܼܥܬ݀:. ‎NER πε αν‏ ܦܪܬ ܐܠܐ ܐܢ ‎Si Joa‏ ܕܝܢ ܘܐܦ ܒܗܠܝܢ
ܕܥܡ ܛܘܒܢܐ.. ܪܗܝܒܘܬܐ ܢܦܕܥܬ ܠܡܥܪܩ ܠܚܣܢܐ. ܟܕ ‎rl‏ ܠܗ ‎cr‏
‎ras‏ ܐܢܬ ܡܡܚܬܝܢܝܢ ‎Vy‏ ܕܠܐ ‎ya‏ ܒܠܚܘܕܝܟ ܘܬܬܐܠܟ̇. ‎οἱ‏ ܕܝܪܐ ܢܘܩܕܘܢ
ܐܘ ܠܝܟ ܡܕܡ ܢܓܕܫ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܒܬܘܟܠܝܚܢܝܐ ܕܡܪܗ ‎μοὶ‏ ܠܗܘܢ.. ܘܬܘܒ܂ ܠܐ ‎y‏
‏ܡܘ̇ܬܒܗܙܿ. ‎ο νο au vac» bl‏ ܘܚܝܝ ܘܡܘܬܝ܂ € ‎LOS Joi‏
ܘܡܪܝܐ ܥܡܟܘܢ ܘܨܠܘ ‎κο) pow‏ ܚܕܙܘܢ. ‎(asso amas‏ ܬܥܬܐ ܡܢܗܘܢ
ܥܠ ܬܘܟܠܢܐ ܕܠܘܵܐܗ ‎Jed:‏ ܟܕ ܐܐ ܪܓܫ ܕܦܟܘܢ. ܘܦܪܟܐ ܥܪܩܘܢ ܠܚܣܢܐ.
‎ο νο‏ ܥܠܘܢ ܠܘܬܗ. ‎Jo‏ ܐܢܘܢ ° ܘܬܘܗܼ ܟܕ ܐܡܼܪ. ܠܐ ܐܙܠܝܼܬܘܢ ܠܟܘܢ
‎E‏ ܗܼܢܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܐܡܪܝܢ ܠܗ. ‎ns‏ ܠܢ ‎4e Le NE “est p»‏ ܡܘܬܐ.
ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܐܡܪ ܠܗܘܢ. ‎dy?‏ 5 ܕܒܚܬܛܝܬܐ ܠܐ ‎ess i «eil Jas‏ ܐܢܫܐ

‎mr Sie nole on transialion.‏ ܕܝܢ ‎eiat vas Do‏ ܕܝܘܣܛܝܢܝܢܐ ܒܝܢܬ ‎jet‏ ܒܝܠܗ ‎Ms, ins,‏ .ܐ

‎the morning. But after tweuly days the hosts of the [nns eame forth, and
thev covered the land ofthe East, and none so numerous as they had appeared
iu tlie laud of the Romans, ior had it ever been heard that any [uns except

‎these presumed to eross the Euphrates; '

‎indeed even among the blessed man's
companions also arose haste to [lee to the fortress, while they said to him,
« Sir, if you please we will earry vou down, les! we leave you alone and
vou suller distress, or they burn the monastery or auvthing happen to vou
yourself ».— Bnt he in confidenee in his Lord said 10 them. and again not
by wav of boasting : « 1, my sons, am ready for suffering, and my life and
death are in God's hands, Go, and the Lord be with you, and pray lor me ».
When they saw tt, three of them. trusting in the blessed man's prayers.
bravely remained, while he was unaware that they had remained, and the
rest led to the lortress. 1 those who remained went in to him, and he
saw them and was astonished, saying : e lave von nof gone ‏ܕ‎ ny
sous? », and they say. to lim : « Either life or death is better for us with
vou, our father». But he said to them ; € Pray, my sons, that we may not

‎1 Mosdns cand these Wines happened iu the ceien 0 | in bis 8" vear'; bul this is 531 ὃν
lon e ας had dert dde monasters, which he did net do lil after Ms death, and, even if we read
ndn o'i 1 . 1 the vie 525, 6, the ditlieully remains. Probaldy tlerefore (he werds are a seribe's

‎1 Doaml | : (<

‎inler
