Me LIVES OF 41) IN AND SERGIUS. as
Las JE) .JRLos usa ‏ܠܡ ܒܪܝ ܠܐ ܐܒܟܝܗܿ‎ fal, ‏ܐܡܪ ܗܘܐ ܠܝ , ܗܠܝܢ.‎
‏ܐܝܓ ܐܢܫܢ ܘܐܫܬܐ. ܐܢܐ ܕܝܢ‎ acl; ‏ܘܐ 15 ܐܢܐ‎ ο ο ‏ܠܘܬܝ ܗܼܘ‎
‏ܡܫܝܚܐ.܆‎ E ‏ܐܒܘܢ'. ܟܕ‎ Jos al ‏ܕܢܬܠܒܟ ܐܡܪ ܗܘܝܬ ܠܗ . ܠܐ‎ y

ܐܓܬ ‎D‏ ܟܡܐ 55 ܘܗܫܐ܂ ‎Jos ou^»,‏ ܘܐܦ ܕܝܠܡ ‎ye‏ ܐܝܪܥ ‎"on‏
‏ܘܠܐ ܛܠܡ ܠܟܡ° ܠܐ ܬܒܟܐ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢܼ ܐܡܪ ܠܝ. ܕܗܼܘ ܒܪܝ ܠܐ ‎eS‏ ܘܠܐ ܛܠܝܡ.
ܐܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܬܝ ܛܠܘܡܐ ܘܕܛܠܡܬܗܼ ܘܕܪܛܠܡ ܐܢܐ ܠܗ. ܐܠܘ ܔܝܪ ܫܡܿܥܫܬܗ ܐܚܡ
ܕܙܪܩ ܗܘܐ ‎ans MM‏ ܗܘܐ ‎GM‏ ܕܒܟܠܝܗܘܢ ܚܬܫ ‎ο ssaca‏ ܐܐ ܡܛܠ
‎Il‏ ܘܐܒܣܩܝܬܐ ܒܬܫܡܡܫܬܐ ܕܠܝܼܠ̈ܕܘܗܝ,. ܡܬܠ ܗܕܐ ܣܚܝܨܦܢܝ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܟܕ ܛܒ
‎«ο‏ ܟܕܘ ܡܚܝܬܐ ܒܦܓܪ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎Joot‏ + ܟܕ ‎KID‏ ܗܘܘ ‎ον κ΄ ϑίωϑδο‏
ܠܝܬ ‎fou‏ ܦܘܪܣܐ ܕܠܐ ܢܩܪܒܘܢ 1 ܩܕܡܘܗܝ ܘܢܘܦܛ ܐܝܕܗ ܟܕ ‎ΘΈΩΝ‏ ܘܢܕܒܘܥ
ܒܗܠܝܢ ܡܝܐ ‎Je‏ ܕܐܟܣ̈ܢܝܐ܆. ‎Pu mio‏ ܘܢܫܘܦ ‎οι sas‏ ܩܕܡ ܕܝܢ
ܙܒܢܐ ܩܠܝܠ.. ܗܘܼܐ ܗܘܐ ܪܕܘܦܝܐ ܡܢ ‎LA)‏ ܕܠܣܘܢܗܕܘܣ ܕܟܠܩܕܘܢܐ ‎v9‏

‎Wee — 3 Ms, Sao.‏ ܗܘ ‎Ms,‏ ,9 — . ܐܟܘܢ ‎Ms.‏ . ܐ

‎10 me these words : « flow, my son, can 1 do απο] bui weep for my wretehoil
self, since Clirist. comes lo me on his own [σοι and 1 cannot rise and
wash them and drink». But Lin order that he might he comforted, was
saviug to him : « Be not distressed at this, our father. When Christ wished,
You washed him as mucli as lie wished. — And now his will be done. And
your owu will also he knows, and will not do Νου wrong, weep nob». nl
he said to me : « He, my son, lius not doue wrong und does not do wrong;
but | am a doer of wrong and oue who have done him wrong, and wlio am
doing him Wrong. HT had served him ας | onght to have done, he would
have allowed me to serve him all inv ‏ܗ‎ bot because I provoked him and
neglected the service of his bondmeu, for this reason [ie east ine down, »
And 80, thongh Le was already à dead. man in tlie body, men supporting
1:1111 and setting liim up, he insisted ou their coming up before hin and ou
stretching out liis hand, weeping, and dipping it in the water in which the
strangers had been washed, and taking it and smearingr it on his body.

‎A short lime before ἃ perseention had been set on foot oy Hose who served
tlie syiod of Chalcedon (¦ and meu who possessed the name only of churehmen

‎1. As. Maro wis still living tp. ‏ܝܬ‎ tliis must be (fe perzecution of. 821 ud ( * «hort lite ΤΕΥ
be at least 19 ‏.ܐܬܐܐ‎

‎“are
