1] LIVES OF SIMEON AND SEIHGIUS. 91

ܣܟ. ‎PAS‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܟܪ̈ܣܛܬܛܝܢܐ ܕܡܥܬܘܬܦܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܥܡܗܘܢ 22395[ ‎.JAsaso‏

ܘܒܚܕ ܡܝܢ ܝܘ̈ܡܝܢ.. )1.9 ‎JAM»‏ ܐܝܟ ܥܣܪ̈ܝܢ ܡܢ ܬܠܡܝ̈ܕܝܗܘܢ.. ܘܩܠ |

ܢܘܪܐܼ. ܘܐܙܠ ܐܘܩܢ ܒܝܬܐܼ ܪܒܐ ܕܒܝܬ ‎Js‏ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ. ܥܡ ܣܦܕܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܘܢܚܦܘܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ
‎CE οοιδ saa] das‏ ܐܡܰܪ܂. ܕܗܠܝܢ ܕܠܡܪܝ ܝܫܘܥ ‎eM‏ ܐܐ ܐܥܒܕ ܥܡܗܘܢ
‎Jes‏ ܥܥܥܡ ̈ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ‎ον‏ ܕܣܒܪܗܘܢ ܟܠܗ ‎ΘΕ‏ ܠܗ: ܒܝܕ ‎μια.‏
‏ܕܣܦܕܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܘܕܟܘܠܗ̇ ܬܫܡܫܬܗܘܢ.. ܐܝܠܠܘ , ܡܪܝܪܐܝܬ. ܘܡܛܛܘܠ ܕܒܬܘܬܒܘܬܐܼ
‎vM ph ET‏ 10001 ܘܣܢ̈ܛܠܝܣ ‎Ho‏ ܡܡܣܩܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎ls AMIS‏
‎Maui pas‏ ܝܬܝܪܘܬ ܕܗܒܗܘܢ.. ܗܘܘ ܠܗܘܢ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܕܒܥܕܬܐ ܡܥܕܪ̈ܢܐ. ܟܕ ‎v‏

| ‏ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ‎ De ‏ܕܥܕܬܐ‎ Hou: E μοι» x ele MA τῶ fe ‏ܥܠ‎

ܛܢܢܐ ܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ ܥܠܝܠܝܢ ܠܥܕܬܐ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎NC‏ ܟܕ ‎Vs‏ ܢܘܪܐ
ܒܒܝܬܐ ‎Aus Qood sa‏ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܬܠܡ̈ܡܝܕܘܗܝ ‎etis‏ ܥܡܗ ‎Ji. ολο‏ ܕܡܝܢ
ܩܪܝܬ[.. ܘܢܝܼܩܠܘܢ 5 | ‎Qaa», eMjle‏ ܠܢܘܪܐ ‎ur‏ ܘܚܪܪܘܢ ܠܥܦܪܐ ܟܠܗ.
ܘܟܢܨܫܘܢ ܟܝ̈ܐܦܐ܂. ܘܒܓܘ ܬܠܬܐ ‎Mas asie‏ ܣܗ̈ܕܐ ܙܥܘܪܐ ܒܕܘܟܬܐ ‎ets «à‏

| Sou of God should not be allowed to live at all. »; and he used to upbraid

Christians who had dealings with them in the way of taking aud giving. Δ ud
one day he led about twenty of their diseiples hy night, and took lire, iud went
and burnt their great synagogue-house, with their books and their triinpets
and all their furniture, saying, « As lor those who erueified my Lord Jesus.
L will never make peace with Them ». But these men, when they saw that
all their hope had been. eut off through the burning of their books and of all
thoir furniture, lameuted bitterly ; and, because they were settled in the terri-

tory ‘of the cburch of Aimnida, and used to pay many eontributious (συντελείας!
to the members of the chureh, out of desire for the abuudance of their gold
all the members of the ehureh became their supporters, threatentmi the
blessed Sergius aud saying τα This man wishes t0 destroy the property of
the church ». But the zealons man, when these mien had goue into the
church of the city to prefer an accusation, while the fire was still in their
synagogue, collected all his masters diseiples with him aud all the others
from the village, and they took water, and went and put out that fire; 1
they cleared. all the soil: aud they | collected — stones, amd within three
days built à small martyrs ehapel in that place, in the namo οἱ the Blessed

1. ‏ܗ‎ is à literal rendering of παροικία. and means ecclesiastical jurisdiclion. nol properls.

1181): tlie συντέλειαν were not rent, but ‏ܬܐ‎ kind of. blackmiil parl to secure p ootection ugainst (¦ ‏ܬ‎
‎ol this hind.
