¥ v* h.

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [82]‏ #2
ܕܡܬܛܪܕܝܢ ܐܘ ܡܬܥܘܪ̈ܢ ܥܝ̈ܢܝܗܘܢ: ‎o‏ ܡܛܥܝܢܐ ܒܩܠ ܠܗܘܢ ܘܠܐ ‎oh‏
‏ܦܠܓܗܘܢ ܠܟܐ ܘܦܥܓܗܘܢ ܠܟܐ ܚܕܪ̈ܝ ‎Jen‏ ܠܝܼܒܪܘ܂. ܘܐܝܟ ‎cà‏ ܕܗܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܪܕܦܝܢ
ܗܘܘ ܒܬܪܗܘܢ ܩܕܡܝܗܘܢ ܪܗܳܛܚܝܢ܂. ‎κο‏ ܥܠ ܬܪܥܝܗ̇ ܕܕܝܪܐ ܡܟܐ ܘܡܟܐ.. ܟܕ
ܡܣܝܪܝܢ ‎«Sos Ka 0 NT Jos‏ ܕܠܪܩܝܢ. ܘܗܕܐ ܩܥܬܗܘܢ ܡܿܫܘܕܥܐ
ܗܘܬ . ܕܟܕ ܐܢܫ ܠܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܩܕܡܝܗܘܢ.. ܗܼܢܘܢ ܿܡܝܠܠܝܢ ܗܘܘܼ ܘܪܗܝܠܬܛܝܝܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ
ܥܒܪܘܢ ܚܕܙ̈ܝ ܕܝܪܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ.. ܘܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܠܓܝܘܗ܂ ܠܐ ‎Wes‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܣܬ ܒܪܐ
ܠܟܠ ‎Sls αὶ‏ ܠܐ ܡܬܚܙܝܘܐ ܐܬܚ ܙܝܬ ܠܗܘܢ ܣܟ. ܡܛܠ ܕܥܠ ‎uu‏
‏ܐܣܺܝܗܽ ܘܬܪܙ̈ܥܝܪܘܣ ‎le κος‏ ܠܐ ܥܝܢ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܐܪܝܡܘܢ ܘܚܪܘܢ ܠܕܘܟܬܐ ܕܚܕ ܡܝܢ
‎Sea‏ ܟܕ ܛܒ ‎le‏ ܠܪܘܚ ܩܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ‎ooo «λος‏ ܬܘܒ ܩܘܡܗ ܕܛܘܒܬܐ
ܠܥܠ ܡܬܚܙܐ ܕܐܘܟܡ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܒܥܘܕܪܢܐ ܕܕܠܘ̈ܬܗ.. ܘܠܐ ܕܝܪܐ ‎Ruasl}‏ ܘܠܐ ܟܠ
ܕܐܫܬܟܚ ‎οἱ às‏ ܚܕܙ̈ܝܗܿ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܒܟܠܗܝܢ ܩܘܪ̈ܝܐ ‎put‏ .+ ܚܪܒܐ ‎A:‏
‏ܐ ܗܼܘܬ. ܘܐܦ ‎Ινωμαρ» ὃν»‏ ܗܘܘ ܚܘܡܐ܂ ܟܘܠܪܘ. ܘܟܕ ܕܝܪܐ ‎y μα eoo ASS‏
‎Lasas‏ ܡܬ ܚܙܐ ܗܘܐ ‎oo "as JM al ὃν‏ ܘܠܐ ܚܙܐܘܗܝ. ‎pol‏

‎τ Ms. ile: corr. Nold. τς 2, Ms, olo. .- 3, Mz, esatall.

‎liese, like men who are driceu along or whose eyes are blinded ov whom ἃ
deceiver carries along so that thev. do not see, passed round he monastery
hall on one sie and half on the other, aid, just as il those whoin Τον were
pursuing were einning helore them, they passed by the gate of the monastery
on this side aid on that, thinking that they were just overtaking and catching
Hie fugitives. Λα] this their shonting indicated: since. while there was no
oue in front of them, they themselves continued erving and running, and 80
they passed round. the blessed mans monastery, aud not one of tliem entered
withii d: and so i 1s believed by. evervone that it was not even seen by
hem at all; beeause they. passed by the side of ils walls and gates, and did
not even {ΠῚ up their ον ος and look upon tlie site of one of its sides, altliough
(| (8 seen eveu ab a great distance, and the blessed man's station moreover
is seen above, being black. And so by the help of his prayers neither was
Hie monastery ἡμῖν nor anvone who was in it or rouud it, though 1
all tlie villages round 1] complete destruction was. carried ott; and even in
ihe village itself they were for a whole day, and, while the whole monastery
and thi blessed mau were seen by Uie village Hike a sun, their cves were
μοι], and they. did not see him, Many sueh things God used to perform

‎me
