9: > b.

‎JOHN. OF EPIHESUS. t 1102]‏ 192
ܕܐܦܚܣܩܦܘܬܐ ‎Lio‏ ܗܘܐ 23930« ܠܐܡܘܪܐ: ܡܛܛܘܠ ‎of;‏ ܗܥܝܢ ܕܐܪ̈ܬܕܘܟܣܐ
ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ ܒܫܡܥܐ ܕܬܫܡܫܬܐܼ ܘܕܟ̈ܬܒܐ ܘܕܐܡܘܪܐ ܡܬܟܢܫܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܘܫܡܥܝܢ:
ܒܠܚܘܕ ܟܕ ܠܐ ܡܫܬܘܬܦܝܢ.. ܗܝܕܝܢ ܡܝܢ ‎Lis‏ ܒܬܪܥܐ ܕܥܕܬܐ܂ ‎Je‏ ܢܘܟܪܝܬܐ
ܡܪܒܪܝܬܐ ܡܕܡ ܐܬܚܕܙܝܬ. ܘܟܕ ܟܠ ‎a]‏ ܬܘܗ: ܟܕ ‎oj.‏ ܐܣܟܡܐ ܕܠܘ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ
ܗܘ: ܓܒܪܐ ‎maso δω Jos)‏ ܒܪܕܥܬܐܼ ‎Mo ji‏ ܡܢ ܣܩܐ: ‎«Me‏ ܨܠܝܒܗ
ܥܠ ܟܬܦܗ: ܒ ‎MJ pil Nes‏ ܕܠܐ ‎ah pes Vas‏ ܕܥܕܬܐ: ܟܕ ‎sas ἢ‏
ܐܘ ܡܬܦܕܢܐ ܠܟܐ ܘܠܟܐ. ܟܕ ܐܡܘܪܐ ‎olo‏ ܗܘܐ ‎isèlo‏ ܢܠܐ ‎οἷς‏ ܟܕ ܬܡܗܐ ܢܦܠ
ܥܠ ܟܠ ‎Rio ο‏ ܗܘܘ ܢܚܙܘܢ ܡܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܿ ܨܒܘܬܐ. ܛܘܒܢܐ ‎ο.‏
‏ܕܠܒܐܡܐ ‎aca) «xu‏ ܕܠܝܒܗ ܥܠ ‎ΚΣ‏ ܘܐܪܡܝܚ ܢܣܝܼܩ. ܘܟܕ ܕܢ̈ܓܐ ܚܕ ܘܬܪ̈ܝܢ
ܫܪܝ ‎END‏ ܟܕ ‎nasa‏ ܘܟܠܬܫ ‎Pre ex‏ ܐܘ ܠܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܠܐܦܚܣܩܦܐ
‎sé‏ ܕܢܐܡܪ ‎οἱ‏ ܕܢܦܝܣ.. ‎où‏ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ܡܿܢܥ ܠܕܪܓܐ ‎JS‏ ܐܝܟܐ ܕܐܡܘܪܐ
ܩܐܡ ܗܘܐ.. ܥܕܐ ܐܝܕܗ ° ܘܠܒܟܗ ܒܕܘܪܗ ‎eu‏ ܘܐܡܪ ‎Lans bos o‏ ܡܪܢ
‎cas‏ ܕܠܐ ܬܬܠܘܢ ܩܘܕܫܐ ܠܟ̈ܠܒܐ: ܘܠܐ ܡܪ̈ܓܢܝܬܐ ܩܕܡ ‎«μι‏ ܡܛܘܠ ܡܢܐ

‎listening to the preaeher (because those wlio were orthoulox (ὀρθόδοξος) also
used to be present in the eongrezation during tlie hoaring of tlie service and
the lessons and the preacher. only. without eoninunieating , then suddenly
there was seen at the door of the ehureh a strange and outlandish sight; aud
everyone was startled when tliey saw a form (sy292) that was not their own,
an anelorite coming in, élit in à patchwork of rags made of sackeloth, and
carrying. his cross on hi» shoulder, and he eame straight in without asking
a question straight to the middle of the ehureli, without speaking or turning
this way and that. and, while the preacher was standing and speaking,
he paused, while everyone was. struek witli astonislinent, and. they looked
io see what the matter was. But the blessed man. as soon he reached the
ehanecl us, planted his cross ou the step and made to mount. And, when
he had begun to mount one and two steps in silence, and everyone supposed
that he was going to παν something eithor to tlie city or to the bishop or to
make a request of them. he où reaching the third. step. where the preacher
was standing. dung ont his hand and seized him by. the neck and grasped
him Πρ αν and said τὸ him : a Evil wicked man, our Lord commands ` Give
uot tbe κ ΠΟ] ds saered to the dogs, nor pearls! before the swine ?, where-

‎lus eu speaking the words of God before meu who deny hin? ‏ܕ(‎ And

‏£¿ | :ܐ :ܐ ܣ 5 —
