779] LIVES OF ABRAHAM AND MARO 70

ܩܠܝܠ ܕܬܫܡܫܬ| ‎Jou‏ + ܚܢܢ ܕܢܥܘܠ ܠܣܝܓܬܗܼ ‎Ji‏ ܡܿܥܡܪܚܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ. ‎μ.ο‏
‏ܕܝܢ ܕܒܬܪܗ ܥܠ ‎polo‏ ܠܗ ܟܕ ‎ο ps BK‏ ܬܠܬ ܙܒܢܝܢ. ܘܗܿܝܕܝܢ
ܥܠܝ ‎où‏ ܚܢ̈ܓܬܗ. ܘܐܡܪ ܠܗ ܩܫܝܥܐ. ܡܢܐ ܡܪܝ ‎Las‏ ܒܟܒܟܬܐ ܩܕܝܫܘܬܟ ‎εἰ‏
‏ܘܗܟܢܐ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܒܩܠܐ. ܗܼܘ ‎vor‏ ܩܕܝܫܐ܂ ‎use]‏ ܠܘܬܗ. ‎SELL δὲ ὦ vis‏
ܘܩܘܡܘܢ ܠܝܨܠܘܬܐ. ܘܗܒܚܝܘܢ ܘܝܐ ‎τω!‏ ܕܠܐܝܠܝܢ ܙܒܚ̈ܢܐ ‎Lil)‏ ܘܡܝܢܝܐ
ܒܫ̈ܘܡܬܝ ܚܚ̈ܙܝܢ ܥܝ̈ܢܝ ‎auf} «σάλο‏ ܘܟܕ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܚܢܓܬܗ ‎ο LE‏
ܩܫܝܫܐ ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎Ico Jon «ses og‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܼ ܘܐܡܿܪ. ܡܐ ܠܟ ܡܪܝ ܢ. ܡܢܐ ‎ga‏
‎iu wel‏ ܗܝܕܝܢ ‎cM po)‏ ܒܪܝ ܙܠܘ ‎Sy‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܢܦܩ ܣܝܦܐ ܡܢ ܩܕܡ
ܡܪܝܐ.. ܘܢܕܥܬܛܬ ܚܪܒܐ ܒܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ. ‎οἷο‏ ܥܠ ‎ls‏ ܘܕܚܪ̈ܬܐ܂. ܡܛܠ ܕܐܪܓܙܘܢ
‎x‏ ܐܢܫܐ ܠܐܠܗܐ. ܘܐܡܪ ‎«nouo Nul ras NI Jauso‏ ܐܢܐ ܕܬܘܕܥ ° ܠܝ

ܡܢܐ ‎Ns‏ ܗܝܕܝܢ ܛܝܘܒܝܢܐ ܐܙܕܥܦ ‎polo‏ ܠܝܗ. ܥܝܒܪ ܠܟ ‎urs‏ ܗܢܐ ܡܢ
ܩܕܡܝ. ܠܘ ܠܥܘܩܟܒܐ ‎εί Αν]‏ ܕܒܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎ον)‏ ܫܡܿܫܘܢ. ܘܐܸܢ ܕܝܢ ‎Ny - JI‏
ܥܠܟ ‎Lao‏ ܡܢ ‎Lio‏ ܢܦܝܩܘܢ ܕܝܢ ‎(asso‏ ܒܬܫܡܢܬܐ ܘܒܨܠܘܬܐ ܐܠܗ ܠܠܝܐ

1. Ma, ‏ܡܥ‎ — 2, In erasure.

vice, we did not ourselves dare to go into his enclosure; but the presbyter
who was next after him went in, and cried out and said to him, « Sir, give
your blessing », three times. And then he evased his sobbiug, and the pres-
byter said to him, « Why, sir, is your holiness distressed. with wecping,
and 50 above all When speaking? » — But the saint said to lim : « My son, go,
and wake the brethren, and stand up to prayer; and grieve for my! latter end,
for what times ] have been preserved, and what iu my days my eyes see and
my ears hear». And, when his sobs came up more than ever, the presbyter,
having been himself also seized with trembling, continued ersiug to hin and
saying : « What is tbe matter with vou, sir? Tell me what it is ». Theu
he said to him : « My sou, go and pray; because a. sword has gone lortli
from ihe presence of the Lord, and slaughter has prevailed among the belie-
vers, and also over the churches and monasteries, because men have provoked
God ». And the presbyter said, «If you please”, l'entreal yon to informi me
what you have seen». ‘Then the blessed man was angry and said to him :
« Remove yourself now, my son, from my presence. Have vou not come
to pry? Please go and recite the service; or, if not, begoue now from here ».
And they went out and ‏ܓ‎ up in service and in. prayer all the night until

1. Ms. om. — 2, This seems to be the meaning of N #8 ( here and below jp. 80, L 5).
The expression oecurs several times in this work, but is unknown to the Jexieous.

* 19 (^ a.
