1

[89] LIVES OF SIMEON AND SERGIUS. 59

‎SAS‏ 510[ ܝܬܝܪ ܡܢ ܙܒܢܐ ‎IUS‏ ܚܦܝܛܐ ܕܒܕܡܘܬܗ ܣܪܓܝܣ
ܬܠܡܝܕܗ.. ܗܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܒܗ ܡܡܿܪܐ ܗܘܐ ܒܟܠ ܡܕܡ . ܥܕܡܐ ܓܝܪ ܠܥܢ̈ܝܐ ܥܣܪܝܢ..
ܒܡܒܝܬܪܘܬܐ܂ ‎oce»‏ ܥܡܠ ‎où ba Me uno Jon‏ ܕܪܘܚܐ ‎μοι.)‏ ܐܝܟ
ܕܡܢ ܦܘܡ ‎Liso‏ ܐܬܐܡܪ: ܕܗܕܐ ‎CR vor‏ ܐܢܝܚ ܠܡܛܪ̈ܦܐ܂. ܒܣܒܐ ‎μοι‏
‏ܘܒܒܪܗ ܟܫܝܪܐ ܡܫܬܡܠܐ ܗܘܐ . ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ‎ου Ludo) Mas £x»‏ ܗܘܘ .
‎solo‏ ܡܢ ‎Jia»‏ ܒܟܘܠ ܡܕܡ ܡܢܝܚܝܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܟܠ ܕܨܐܝܒܝܢ.܀ ܘܐܸܢ ܢܫ̈ܐ ܘܐܢ
ܥܠ̈ܡܝܐ.. ‎SDS‏ ܐܝܡ 3 ܗܘܐ ܠܗ. ܬܘܒ ܕܝܢ ܘܡܛܠ ܗܺܝ ‎rar‏ ܐܝ̈ܕܝܐ:
ܕܡܕ ܕܢܦܠܚܘܢ ‎Ji‏ ܦܫܝܩܐ ‎loa‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܨܒܘܬܐ: ‎Lie‏ ܒܬܛܝܐܠܐ ܬܘܒ ‎J|‏
‎ASH‏ ܘܢܗܘܘܢ ܡܬܬܒܣܪܝܢ ܡܢ ܢܦܢܗܘܢ 209« ‎asl odi)!‏ ܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ
ܘܓܒܘ ° ܠܗܘܢ ܕܢܗܘܘܢ ܡܿܠܦܝܢ ‎MERS‏ ܘܗܼܝ ܗܕܐ܂ ܡܝܢ ܟܘܬܐ ܣ݀ܥܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ.
ܟܕ ܟܘܪܣܝܐ ܠܓܘ ܡܢ ܟܘܬܐ ܡܬܩܝܢ ܗܘܐ.. ܘܥܕ̈ܢܐ ܕܐܬܝܢ ‎ass LAM‏
ܗܘܘ. ܗܢܘ ܕܚܢ ܒܨܦܪܐ܂ ܘܒܪܡܫܐ. ܘܡܐ ܕܐܠܦܘܢ ܐܣܟܘܠܐ ܚܕܐ ܡܙܡܘܖ̈ܐ ‎Lkso‏
‎asso EN‏ ܢܦܫܗܘܢ ‎sm bo‏ ܗܘܘܢ. ܥܠܕܬ ܐܚܪܬܐ ܕܒܒܘ̈ܣܐ ‎Jas)‏

‎Jo ‏ܐܪܒܥܝܢ ܡܢܗܘܢ ,+ ܘܒܠܦܝܢ ܗܘܘܼ ܘܐܙܠܝܢ ܠܝܒ̈ܬܝܗܘܢ ܡܛܠ‎ κ

‎1. Ms. om. $ — 2. Ms. Go. — 3. Text mx: rorr, marg. in same hand. - - à. Ms. «0058.

‎Sergius his disciple an earnes! man like himself, who also imitatec him in
everything, for for the space of twenty. years he laboured with lim in Ile
excellent life, and accordingly the saying of tlie Spirit that! was uttered in the
prophet as from the mouth. of the Lord, « This is my rest with which] will
rest the weary »? was fullilled in the splendid old. man and his diligent son,
insomuch that they made ai gurst-house outside, and there used to entertain
all who came with evervthing out of the window, whether they were women
or laymen, each as was proper for him. Again also, since the task of
performing anvthing in the way of manual work was not open to them, 1
that they might not continue to vat the bread of idleness, and be despised
by themselves and by. their conscience, tic Hessed men formed à plan and

‎lehose for themselves to teach boys, and this they dil out of the window,

‎since à seat was placed inside the window, and hours were appointed for
the boys to come, that is in the morning and in the evenit ig: and, when iliey
had taught one class (σχολή; lo read the psalmis and Une Seriptures, and?
they had withdrawn after being strengthened, another came 1 ol little infants,
thirty or forty of them, and they ντου learn and go lo their homes. because

‎}, Ms. om, — 2,1s., XXVIII, 12,

‎ο...
