159] LIVES OF ABRAHAM AND ΝΑΜΟ. 59

ܘܝ ܠܝ ‎LRU‏ ܕܡܢܘ ܡܦܝܣ ܚܠܦܝ ܕܐܸܬܦܨܐ ܡܝܢ ‎où‏ ܬܦܢܝܟܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎nl‏
‏ܗܠܝܢ ܬܡܝ̈ܗܐ ܗܘܘ: ܟܕ ܛܐܒܗܘܢ ܥܕܡܐ ‎Jii‏ ܕܦܪ̈ܣܝܐ ‎Wjl‏ ܗܘܐ. ܘܟܕ ܫܢܝ̈ܐ
ܬܠܬܝܢ ܘܬܡܢܐ ܐܒܪܗܡ. ‎νον‏ . ܢܠܠܡ ܫܢܝ̈ܐ ‎CASE‏ ܘܬܡܢܐ ܥܠ ܐܣܛܘܢܐ....
‎Ίαν»...‏ ܘܗܼܘ . . . . . . ‎δι δοῦλο‏ . . . . . . ܘܟܙ ܗܘܐ ܪܘܒܐ ܒܟܠ ܕܘܟ ܘܥܡܐ
ܪܒܐ ܕܒܩܘܪ̈ܝܐ ܐܦ ܕܡܕ̈ܝܢܬܐ ܐܬܘܥܕܘ ܣܠܝܩܝܘ. . . . . ܠܛܘܒܢܐ ‎[t9 | Jess]‏
‎loo ο.)‏ ܒܠܒ[ ܗ] ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ‎οἱ on‏ ܠܐ ‎Jl Joa μὰς.‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܘܩܕܡ
ܟܕ ܣܟܒܠܬܐ ܐܙܕܩܦܬ ܣܠܩ. ܘܟܕ ܩܡ ܗܘܐ ܒܪܝܥܗܿ ܕܣܒܠܬܐ. ܐܫܟܚܗ ‎μα‏
‎μ.ο‏ ܟܕ ܡܟܦܦ. ‎«ολο‏ ܐܘܝ ܡܕܢܚܐ ܘܪܝܫܪܗ ܒܫܢܬܐ ܒܘܪ̈ܟܘܗܝ. ‎wopo‏ ܠܗ
ܫܠܡܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܛܥܢܗ ° ܘܐܦܩܗ ܟܕ ‎.....uofl ofaolo ais‏ ܠܬܚܬ ܡܢܗ
ܚܫ ܡܢܗ ‎Jo‏ ܓ ܘܢ ‎κεν‏ ܡܕܢܚܐ ܘܚܠܦ ܢܦܢܗ ܘܨܠܝ. ܘܥܠ ܐܙܠ [ܠܕܘܟܬ]
ܐܚܘܗܝ. | ‎[aso‏ ܘܚܫܐ ܠܐܦܠܘܣ ܡܛܛܠܬܗ [ܗܘܐ] ܕܝܬܝܪ ܡܝܢ ܗܺܝ ܕܥܘܗܕܢܗ
ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܐܒܪܗܡ. ܟܕ ‎κο‏ ܘܐܡܪܝܢ ܕܥܒܕ ܥܡܝܢ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ‎«asl‏ ܘܐܢ
ܗܼܘ ܕܗܕܐ ‎ΓΝ y^ βαλῶ‏ ܘܠܘܩܕܡ ܒܝܐܐ ܠܢ ‎less]‏ ܣܩ ܒܫܠܡܐ.
ܡܛܠ ‎is cire has Sn‏ ܠܐ ‎δω‏ ܐܢܬ . ܟܠܥܢ ܠܬܡܢ ܣ ‎eos‏

1. Ms. ow:

who will entreat for me that 1 may eseape from that torinent? ».— And. so
these brothers were objects of marvel, their fame going as lar as tlie country
of the Persians. And, when Abraham... thirty-eiglt years... completed
thirty eight! vears on the column... deep and he... in his duys,... When
a great elamour everywhere arose aud a great number of people in the
villages and of the cities gathered together, they went up... the blessed
Abraham. And what was purposed in the heart of the blessed Maro was
not known to anyone; but when à ladder lid. been set up he first went up:
and, when he stood at the top of the ladder, he found the holy old man
bending down aud sitting with his face to the east with his lead. between
his knees, and he bade him a. farewell; ant so he took liim up and earried
him oni weeping, and hauded him towards... helow liim... the east aud Tor
himself and prayed. And he entered and went fto? his brothers place.
And the multitude (ὄχλος) was seized with sorrow; aud allliclion. on lis
aceount that was more than that ii memory of ihe holy blessed man Abraham,
while they eried and said, « Do ns a kindness. our father: and, if so be vou
are thus purposed, come down and first comfort us and, go up at once in
peace, because we shall all be made glad by this. Aud. if vou do not come

l1. We should perh. read 383 and complele the senlenee as "when A bad praclised asceticism

38 years fand] compleled 28”. 3. I ean make nothing of the 2 words which follow in the eupy.
