[115] LIFE OF PAUL THE ANCHORITE. 115

ܘܡܟܝܠ ‎Jess‏ ܐܝܟ ‎ce esae μι] mis‏ ܗܘܘ ‎uses‏ ܘܬܘܒ ܐܦ
‎Los JLä.se,‏ ܗܘܘ ‎vllo + Jus] is:‏ ܘܡܬܟܢܦܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܝܚ ‎loà yl‏
ܥܡ ‎was'/s‏ ܘܐܙܠ ܥܡܗܘܢ ‎eoru SS.‏ ܐܝܡ ܡܶܝܢ ܥܡ ‎jan l'y‏ ܠܟܪ̈ܝܗܝܗܘܢ.
ܘܬܘܒ ‎age JRis]‏ ܐܬܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܘܩܐܬܠܝܝܢ ,. ‎cos ος»)‏ ܗܐ ܗܘ̈ܢܝܐ ܡܝܠܬ
‎apullo ds]‏ ܠܝ ܗܘ̈ܢܝܐ܂ ܒܕ̈ܡܝܘܬܐ ܡܬ̈ܚܠܝܦܬܐ ‎ΙΝ‏ ܟܕ ܪܘܫܒܚܝܢ
‎«so μ.ο‏ ܣܬ̈ܦܝܗܘܢ ܘܡܡܒܪܩܝܢ. ‎/οιο‏ ܡܕܘ ܠܬܪܥܐ ܟܕ ܩܥܝܢ ܒܪܒܪܐܝܬ
ܘܫܓܚܫܝܝܢ. ܘܩܫ̈ܬܬܗܘܼܢ ‎RS‏ ܘܐܢܐ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ ܐܡܪ ܗܘܝܬ.. ܕܕܚܝܠܝ ܩܒܪܐ ‎μοι‏
‎oto.‏ + ܘܕܘܟܬܝ ܕܠܥܠܡ. ܥܕܡܐ ܠܬܡܒܐܬܝܬܗ ܕܡܥܐ ܒ ܘܒ .ܚܝ ܗ:
ܘܠܝܩܚܡܡܡܬܐ ܕܡܝܢ ܒܝܬܐ ‎Κάνο‏ .»| ܗܝ ܕܘܟܬܝ. ܠܝ ܠܐ ܪܡܼܐ ܠܝ. ܘܐܸܢ
ܒܫܪܪܐ ‎Lisis‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎vas J1jNSaso‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܠܡܕܩܛܠ,. ܠܐ ܕܚܠ ‎μ‏
‏ܡܝܢ ܡܘܬܐ. ܘܐܸܢ ‎Ja‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܘܡܦܟܝܝܫܝܢ ‎«ολ‏ ܠܝܡܕܩܛܠܢܝ ‎οἱ‏ ܠܝܡܼܕܒܪܢܝ
ܘܠܡ ܦܩܘܐ ܢܚ ܡܝܢ ‎-οοι‏ - ܗܐ ‎No] anse‏ ——— ܕܝܢ ܕܝܠܝ ܢ. ܠܐ ‎Jon‏
‏ܠܟܘܢ ‎[iso‏ + ܘܡܡܦܩ ܠܚܫ ܡܢ ܗܪܟܐ. ` ܘܠܘ ܒܠ ܘܕ ‎Jus‏ ܐܦ ܠܐ ܒܡܘܬܝ.
ܘܟܕ ܗܠܚܝܢ ܠܡ ܐܸܡܿܪ ܗܘܝܬ.. ܚܫ̈ܠܘܬܐ ܟܠܗܘܢ ‎«o Léo‏ ܗܘܘ ܘܣܥܩܝܢ
ܒܗܬܠܝܝܢ ‎Jauñs‏ ܗܟܙܐ. ܕܡܟܝܠ ܠܡ ‎Don‏ ܙܩܝܦܐ ‎one‏ ܥܠܚܝܢ. ‎Jo) «μοι‏

. ܗܘ ‎Ms,‏ ,ܐ

of men, and tliereupon they would hold speech with me as men, and further
they would even take tlio. shapes of men, and would come and pretend. to
entreat me to come out and. go with them to their houses, for the pur-
pose (as thev said) of visiting their ‏ܨ‎ Απ again they would often come
and ery ‘Fee, Îlee. Lo! tho land is full of Huns”. And. Huns appeared
io me in various fearful sliapes, riding; on horses and with swords drawn
and flashing. And lo! they came up to the gate erying in barbarie language,
and in an oxcited state, and with arrows fitted to their bows. And Lou my
part would say to them, UPhis is my grave, and my place for ever, Until
the coming of Christ iu his glory, and the resurrection. from the abode of
the dead this is my place. 1 do not care; aud, il vou are in truth barbarians
and you have received power to kill, 1 do not fear death; and, if vou are
fieuds and can kill me or take me away and eject me from this place, lo! Lam
before vou; hut my own will shall not be your assis

ant and eject me lience;
and not only iu iny life bat not even in my death”. NVlile ‏ܝ‎ saying these
words, all the hosts of the Huns would ery and wo up upon these rocks thus :
‘{tenceforth tho cross has protected this man against us. This man has con

* P8 gl.
