4

1125] LIFE OF ADDAI ΤΗΕ CIIOREPISCOPUS. 125

ܕܢܢ̈ܬܬܢܝܢ: ‎οἱ‏ ܗܼܢܘܢ ܥܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܣܢܝܩܝܝܢ.. ܐܠܐ ܠܢ ܕܝܠܢ ‎NEC «οἱ»‏
ܡܢ ܛܥܡܬܐ ܡܬܒܥܕܐ ܡܘܕܟܐ ܕܫܪ̈ܒܝܗܘܢ ܕܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ. ܛܘܒܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܢܐ ‎tt‏
‏ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܟܘܪ ‎J&am«s]|‏ ܒܕܝܪܐ ܕܩܪܝܬ| ܕܡܬܩܪܐ ܦܪܕܚܣܐ܂. ܒܡܥܠܝܢܐ
ܕܬܚܘܡܐܼ ܕܐܪܡܝܢܝܐ ° ‎Jill:‏ ܕܡܬܩܪܐ܂ ܗܢܙܝܛ. ܫܘܠܬܛܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܟܘܪܐܦܫܝܚܣܩܦܘܬܐ
‎Lis)‏ ܝܕܝܥܐ ܡܕܒܪ ܗܘܐ ܙܕܩܐܝܬ ‎Jo Nx, Gas‏ ܕܠܐ ‎po‏ ܠܡܣ̈ܟܢܐ
‎Jon yo‏ : ܘܕܝ̈ܬܡܐ ܘܨܦ ܗܘܐ.. ܘܠܐܪ̈ܡܠܬܐ ܡܦܪܢܣ ‎Jess [so Jos‏
ܘܠܥܘܡܕ̈ܐ ܕܕܝܕ̈ܬܐ ‎Jon ο‏ ܟܕ ܡܬ ܟܪܡ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܿܙܗܪ ܘܡܿܠܦ܆. ܠܡܬܚܦܛܘ
‎aul‏ ܐܢܫ ܒܬܫܡܒܫܬܗ ܕܟܝܐܝܬ ܕܠܐ ‎Jor λογο δα)‏ ܟܕ ܒܟܠ ܙܒܝܢ ܡܠܬܗ
ܗܕܐ ܗܘܬ܂ ܠܘܬ ܟܠ ‎ais) «αἱ‏ ܠܐ ‎vaio dass‏ ܕܗܘ ܪܒܐ ܘܐܠܗܝܐ ܦܘܠܘܣ.
ܐܬܡܥ ܡܢܗ ܕܐܝܟ ܕܒܢܫܦܘܪܐ ‎asp‏ ܠܢ ܘܐܸܡܿܟ:. ‎fais) Lis‏ ܗܘ ܐ̱ܚܪܝܐ. ܘܡܢ
ܗܕܐ ܥܡ ܡܣܬܟܠܝܢ ܚܢܝܢ ܕܙܒܢܐ ܗܘ ‎«οἱ‏ ܡܝܢ ‎{καλο‏ ܕܓ ܬܐ ‎ads:‏
‎Rio él solo LS‏ 979 ܚܪܬܐ ‎Ko,‏ ܘܬܘܒ ܕܚܪܬܗܘܢ ‎vM Js):‏
ܡܿܡܛܝܬ. ܘܡܛܘܠ ‎μοι y ba‏ ܕܗܠܝܝܢ ‎κά ο‏ ܘܒܗܝܢ ‎as RCE‏

these, but for us ourselves who are more insipid than food ! the condiment
of the stories of the saints is required. This blessed Addai then was
ehorepiscapus iu à monastery in a. village called Fardaisa?, at the approach to
the Armenian frontier in the district called Anzetene*; and. he had fittiuglsy
wielded the authority of the chorepiscopate for a cousiderable time with all
religious conduct without blame, visiting the poor, and eariug for tlic orphans,
and providing for the widows, and admonishing the elerieal stalf in the
churches and the monastie 0 going about and warning and teaching
each man to devote himself sincerely 10 his ministry without staiu in the
sight of meu, while his words 1o every man were always these : « My sons,
let us not despise the expressions of the great and divine Paul". Let us
hear from him that he eries to us as with a trumpet and says, * My children,
itis the last time. And from this we understand that it is the last. time, from
the false Christs who have come in among us" 5; and again he says, ‘The
end of ali things hath come uear ^, and again, ‘The eid of the times bath

1

come near upon us'". And for this reason, as men who read these things

and meditate upon them always, let us conduct ourselves in the time of our

1. Or *insipid of taste’, — 2. Ke, ‘paradise’, 3s Sr, tllanzit. — ἂν Sie ‏ܝ‎ — 5. E Jolin, r1, 18

(loose cilation). — 6, I Pel. 1v. 7. — 7. E Cor, x, 11. 7).

* 0 oar bh.
