‎JOUN OF EPHESUS. [12]‏ 12
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܕܝܝܢ ܒܣܥܘܪܘܬܗ ‎ès‏ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ.. ‎«αὶ axes‏ ܡܝܢ ܐܬܪܐ ܕܦܪ̈ܣܝܐ
ܡܛܠ ܕܩܪܝܒ ‎Joà‏ ܠܬܡܢܓܢ. ‎ak‏ ܠܘܬܗ ܢܫܵܐ܂ ‎CL‏ ܚܕܐ ܕܡܬܪܕܦܐ ܡܢ
ܫܐܕܐ܂. ‎elo‏ ܕܥܩܕܪܐ ܡܢ ܝܕܠܕܐ. ܟܕ ܫܢܝ̈ܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܬܐ ܥܡ ‎és‏ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܗܘܬ
ܘܠܐ ‎οι‏ ܗܘܘ ‎(C‏ ܒܢܝ̈ܐ. ܘܡܦܝܣܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎AS‏ ܕܢܨܠܐ ܥܠܝܗܝܢ. ܗܼܘ ‎et‏
‏ܩܝܼܪܒ ‎Li «οἷν eel uo‏ ܘܥܝ ܘܐܣܝܼܪܗ ‎Jia ow‏ ܘܦܩ ‎μονο‏ ܒܪ

‏ܫܥܬܗܼ ܘܐܬܐܣܝܬ. ܠܗ݀ܝ ܕܝܢ ܕܥܩܪܬܐ ܗܝ ܂. ܐܠܝ ܘܚܬܡܗܿ ܘܐܡܝܼܪ. ܙܠܝ ‎lo‏ ܙܕܗܪܝ

‏ܒܢܦܫܟܝ܂ ܠܐ ‎Sel‏ ܘܠܗܢܐ ‎Jas)‏ ܠܥܢܬܐ ‎Jh)‏ ܗܐ ܐܝܬ ‎Jes e‏
ܘܗܨܡܢܬ ܐܢܬܐ ‎μόν‏ ܘܐ ܙ ܠܬ. ‎Les Russo‏ ܘܝܠܕܐ ‎Jis‏ ܘܠܗܦܟܬܗ̇ ‎Νικ‏
‎le Lilo eM‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ‎Aa‏ ܘܐܥܡܕܗܼ ܘܒܝܪܟܗ. ܘܗܦܟܬ ܟܕ ‎Lusaéo bye‏
ܠܐܠܗܐ … ܬܘܒ ° ܓܒܪܐ ܚܕ ܐܝܬ ‎«Jer‏ ܘܟܪܡܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܪܒܐ . ܘܢܦܩ̈ܬܐ
ܣܓܝ̈ܐܬܐ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܡܿܡܦܩ ‎Joo‏ ܘܟܢܝ̈ܐ ܬܠܬ ܒܬܪ ‎Ka NI‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܪܕܐ ‎Qe‏
‏ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܠܟܪܡܐ ‎ol où‏ ܘܟܕ ܡܕܛܐ ܙܒܢܐ ‎où‏ ܒܗ̇ܝ ܕܐܪܒܥ. ‎asus‏ ܘܐܙܠ
ܟܕ ‎Ja‏ ܠܘܬ ‎jam‏ - ܘܡܦܝܣ ‎Jue «X joo‏ ܥܠܘܗܝ. ‎οοι‏ ܕܝܢ ܣܒܐ܂ ‎sol‏

‎1. An erasure follows; — 2. Ms, ‏:ܗܘܬ‎ core, v, D, and 1

‎gave thanks to God, While he was exerting Ins activity in the same city,
certain persons [rom the country of the Persians hour of it because he was
uear there, and they brouzli him two women, one who was persecuted by ἃ
demon. and another who was barren of offspring, having been many vears
witli her husband. and not having had. children: and they. continued entvea-
tung hin fo pray for them. Bat he on his side came up aud made the sign
over the possessed woman, and praved, ani laid. an inhibition upon. that
demon, and he immediately eame out of her, and she was hoaled. δι in the
eise of the one who was barreu he × and made the sign over her and
said, « Go and keep guard over yourself, that von sin nol: and al this time
nest vear lo! yon sliall have à son». And that woman believed, and went
awav:i and. she received conception. and bare à son: and, aller à. vear had
passed, she took him in her arms, and eiue to tlie blessed uan in his
monastery; aid he baptized and blessed him: and she retired rejoicing and
praising God.

‎Agni Hiere was a certain man, and he had a large vineyard, ind. had
Spen much money. upon it; and. for three vears inning hail eate. down
and made lerrible havoe of. ας vineyard; and, when that. tinus caue in

‎ie fourth vear, he set forth and went weepiug to tlie obl mau, aud continued

‏ܗܕ .,

‏- ܝ ܢܢ
