—

x INTRODUCTION. [x]

lives of Susan, Mary, and Malkha must have occupied chs. 27-29, which were
in the lost I0" quire of À, and ch. 37, which has been omitted by the scribe.
Now in B, where the lives follow tlie order of A, the lives of Susan and Mary
come in that order betwen our chs. 19 and 36, and, though for a reasou
stated. below, this does not prove that Mary's life was not the omitted life,
it does prove that Susan's was one of the missing chapters 27-29, and that it
preceded Mary^s. Further the life of Mary begins with the words « Neither
then was the history of this holy Mary unworthy of admiration », from which
it seems a fair inference that another woman's life preceded; and, if this is
accepted, since there is no other woman's life till ch. 54, these two lives'
are either chs. 27, 28 or οἱ». 28, 29, Van Douwen and Land, knowing
nothing of Michael, amd therefore knowing nothing of Cosmo, treated the
ouission of ch. 37 as merely an error of numeration, and made the lives of
Susan, Mary, and Malkha chs. 27-29, without binding themselves to the
correctuess of the order. It is however more likely, as Dyakonov (p. 371)
remarks, that the three women's lives came together; and this is borne out
by the following consideration. The great laeuna in A covered, as I have
shown, ΠῚ leaves; and an easy calculation will show that Susan's life would
cover about 42 leaves, Mary's about £ of a leaf, and Malkha's about 3 leaves,
or 84 leaves in all, so that for the whole of the life of Thomas of Damaseus
(ch. 26) except the first 2 of a leaf, and the whole of the life of Elijah of Dara
(ch. 30) except the last + of a leaf there remain 22 leaves, i. e. for these two
lives we have 35 leaves. Now Thomas was a distinguished bishop, and is
inserted here after John of Thella and John of Hephaestopolis as having
beeu concerned with them in the work of ordaining Monophysite clergy ?,
and their lives occupy 34 and 4 leaves respectively. It seems unlikely then
that the life of "Thomas covered less than 3 leaves, aud, even if we cut it
down to 24, we have only + of a leaf for that of Elijah, at the end of which
John says « Out of his practices I have briefly set down these », which seems
to imply a longer space than tliis?. Τ conclude therefore that a shorter life
than Malklia's stood in this place, and that can only have been Cosmo's *.
Accordingly it is most probable that the life.omitted bv the seribe was
Malklia's, and that the lives of Susan, Mary, and Cosmo occupied chs. 27-29.
As to the order, we have already seen that Susan's preceded Mary's, and
the order in Michael is a slight presumption that the three lives came in

1. Se. Mary's and that which preceded, be it Susan's or Cosmo's. — 2. This is
implied by the opening words ofthe life. — 3. There are similar expressions at p. 35,

p. 71, eh. 25 fin., eh. 36 fin., ch. 49 fiu., all in lives of considerable length. —
^. Dyakeuov (p. 370) would identify the heroine of the life with the C. of ch. 13 and
the €. of ch. 52; but itis strange that in that case John should in neither place have
stated that le was writing or had written her life.
