(31 LIFE OF ZURA. 31

‎δᾶ v9 ]2o55‏ ܠܘܬܗ ‎as‏ ܘܟܕ ܠܐ ܐܫܟ ܘ ܐܬܪܐ ܒܬܪܥܝܬܗ
ܕܢܥܒܕܘܢܗ ܡܫܘܬܐܦܐ ܥܡܗܘܢ.. ܡܢ ‎Lis asl‏ ܐܚܝܼܬܘܗܝ. ܘܟܕ ܢܚܝܬ. ‎Sy‏
‏ܒܛܢܢܐ ܟܕ ‎st‏ ܕܠܐ ܐܥܠܐ ܥܕܡܐ ܕܠܘܬ ܗ݈ܘܳܐ ܕܐܚܝܕ ‎τν τσ‏ ܐܿܣܩ..
‎«cale‏ ܒܗ ‎Χνο‏ ܡܪܢ ‎sas,‏ ܡܫܝܝܚܝܐ ܥܠ ܪܕܝܦܘܬܐ ‎“JS Sas‏ ܘܒܠ
ܛܘܪ̈ܦܝܗܘܢ ܘܒܝܘܙܚܗܘܢ ‎Jae:‏ ܕܒܟܘܠ ‎ha) c: μοι» ill‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ‎enl‏
‎le‏ ܒܬܡܟܠܢܐ ܕܡܪܗ܂. ܘܩܡ )$2 ܥܣܪܐ ܡܢ ܬܠܡܝܕܘܗܝ܂. ‎ado‏ ܠܡܕܝܢܬ
ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ;| ° ‎usée‏ ܟܕ ܐܦ ܟܬܝ̈ܒܬܐ ܕܡܢ ܗܠܚܢ ܕܠܝܩܘܒܬܐ.. ܚܘ̈ܡܝܬܐ܂ ܠܐ
ܙܥܘܪܝܢ ܩܕܡܝܗܝ ܠܛܘܒܢܐ:. :2% ‎Ka soi‏ ܡܣܩܬܗ ܡܕܒܪܢܐܝܬ܆. ܒܗܝ
‎flee‏ ܕܐܦ ܒܐܲܝ̈ܕܝ ܐܚܒ ܟܕ ‎Jes Nel we J‏ ܕܟܕ ‎OQ‏ ܚܝܘܫܝ̈ܒ ܘܗܝ ܒܠ
ܩܛܠܗ ܕܛܢܢܐ ‎EN‏ ܪܒܐ $2905 ‎Jos‏ ܕܢ ܒܥܡܥܡܐ ‎bises‏ ܐܝ̈ܙܓܕܘܗܝ ܘܟܒܬܝܒܬܗ
ܥܠ ܡܘܬܗ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܥܗ ‎san déo μι μδὸ + Jo ina‏ ` ܗܳܝ ܕܐܬܡ̣ܡܨܝ ܕܐܦ
‎iaceo ho‏ ܕܠܐ ܙܚ ܘܬ ܡܛܛܪܐ ܥܠ ܐܪܥܐ ܥܒܝܕ ܗܘܐ .. ܘܥܠ ܓܢܒܪܘܬܗ ܡܿܟܪܙ

‎1. Corr, from 9e ‏,ܐ ܚ ܕܘܐ ܟܠܠ ,2 — ܬܕܠܘܬܗ‎ Here loilows wet erased.

‎persceutors came to him: and, since. they. did not find in his disposition a
chance of making him communicate with them, thev brought him dowu
from the eolnmn: and, when he had come down, he was moved with zeal
saving, « | will not rest tll go up to him who holds tlie roval authority,
and testify to him hefore eur Lord Jesus Christ concerning the persceution
of the whole ehmreh. and concerning the distresses aud the mockery of the
saints in every place ον

‎With this zeal the blessed man armed himself and with trust iu his Lord
also, and he arose and took ten ef his disciples. and jourueved to the roy al
city itself and arrived. there, letters from the adversaries having also preceded
the blessed man by. no small number οὗ days, which gave information as to
his going up. by dispensation of prov idenee, m the. same manner in which
things were. also elfocted through Ahab. without his knowledge. for. while
he himself vas | ` over his plans for killiug tlie ze alous. Elijah tlie great
man, sending as of his own motion his euvays and his letters among foreigu
peoples with regard to his death. he was being made to ‏ܒܝܚ‎ and display
the fact that he was able actually to bind the heaven su that no rain fell

‎upon the earth, and was by his euvoys proclaiming his mighty act to the

‎tX
