31] LIFE OF ZUHRA. aL

‎"vt‏ ܓܒܗ ‎Jl où Le»‏ ܘܚܕܘܬܐ ܥܠ ܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ ܕܒܟܠ ܕܘܡ ܐܡܠܟܬ..
ܟܙ ܟܠܢܫ ‎56d.‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܡܠܬܗ ܕܛܘܒܥܐ܆. ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܬܕܡܘܪܬܐ ܗܕܐ ܣܝܼܥܪ ܒܗ.
ܐܬܦܪܣܘ ܕܝܢ ܡܢ ܕܠܐ ܐܫܚܘ ܒ̈ܢܝ ܓܒܗ ܕܕܘ̇ܝܐ ‎où‏ ܡܢ ܒܗܐܬܗܘܢ ܕܡܢܐ ¦
ܢܐܡܪܘܢ.. )9( ‎Sce]‏ ܕܡܛܠ ܠܡ ܕܒܘܽܘ ‎cames jon.‏ ܙܥܘܪܐ ܠܦܛܪܝܪܟܐ
ܡܝܬ ‎of μον μῶν‏ ܘܒܙܘ ܒܫܝܘܡܐܿ ‎où‏ ܡܝܬ . ܘܗܟܢܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܒܗܿܬܝܢ ‎τόσοι‏

‎usa Ja No‏ ܗܘܐ ,. ܘܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ܂ ‎xr‏ ܗܘܘ. ܘܐܦ ‎où‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ܂ ‎Jie‏ ܗܘܐ
‎sans‏ ܐܠܗܐ ‎CITE we seas‏ ܥܠ ‎S'y LAS‏ ܗܘܐ ܓܝܪ ܟܕ
‎x‏ ܦܪܗܣܝܐ ܕܓܘ̈ܕܦܘܗܝ܂ ‎le‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܒܝܒܦܒܠ ܥܕܢ ‎Js‏ ܗܘܐ ‎sve‏
‏ܐܬܬܥܝܪ ܡܪܝܐ ܐܝܟ ‎elo fax»‏ ܓܒܪܐ ܕܢܸܦܨܹܗ ܚܡܪܗ.. ‎arse‏ ܠܒ̈ܥܠܕܒܒܘܗܝ
ܠܒܣܬܪܗ. ܡܪܝܐ ‎ἰ5ᾶς eh‏ ܕܡܪܝܚܘܬܐ ‎pa‏ ܘܠܐ ܬܫܬܘܩ ܘܠܐ ‎JLs)‏ ܐܠܗܐ.
ܡܛܘܠ ‎ye Ίου‏ ܡܬܐ ‎elio πολιν‏ ܐܪܝܡܘ ܪܝܚ ° ܥܠ ‎es‏ ܥܡ

‎1. Mx. om.

‎had threatened the blessed man received his hurial and. perished ', and fear
accompanied by shame seized all the partisans of that wretelied. man, and
joy reigued over the believers everywhere, while everyone was amazed at
the blessed man's words, how God wrought this miracle in him. When the
partisans of that wretched man could not by reason of their shame lind what
to say, they devised à plan, saving, « Wliereas on the day which Z'ura
decreed for the patriareh he died, he used enchantinents against lim, iud he
died on that same day ». And so these men were ashamed. and God was
glorified, and the believers rejoieed ; and even the blessed man himself would
confess that God had heard his voice, aud had awoken with liis sentence
against the blasphemer. — For, when he heard the openness. παῤρησία, of his
blasphemies, he prayed and said, as he used to pray and say αἱ all seasons,
« “The Lord awaked like a sleeper and like a man who hatlr shaken off his
wine, and smote his enemies behind him 9 Lord behold the blasphemies
of presumption against thee, and ‘Be not quiet nor sileut, Ὁ God; since lo!
thine enemies make tumult, and they who bate thee have lifted up the head

‎1.92 Apr. acc. Lo Lib. Pont, ; but lis was Tuesday, and noi in Lonl. As Castor wies Z3 Mar. and
A. addressed a lelter to. Jastinian ou 18 Mar. λαός sul anno , if he died ou a Thurs, in. Lent, it
must have been 20 Mar.; bul see p. 30, αν 2, Very probably tho whole story is bascloss aud the date given
in Lib. Pont. 4 * Zach. Ti. ' (i. 10) gives a similue account et his death but williout. mention. of
2 or indication uf date, — 2. Ps. Lxxvitt, 65, 66.

‎"ALS
