[ο LIFE OF ZERA 35

‎[55e‏ ܒܟܘܠ ܚܘܡ ܩܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܕܐܸܢ ܠܐ ‎Loan aas‏ ܡܢ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ܂ ܚܪܒܐ܆.
‎μονό‏ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ‎op‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܠܐ ܬܗܘܐ ‎ον‏ ܘܒܚܫܬܐ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ.. ܒܥܘ
ܡܢܗܼ ܕܢܪܚܩ ܡܢ ܘܥܕܐ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ. ܟܕ ܡܠܟܬܐ ܕܘܟܬܐ ܬܩܕܢܬ ܠܗ ܠܛܘܒܢܐ
ܒܩܣܛܛܪܐ ܚܕܐ ܒܬܪܩܫܐ ܕܫܡܗܿ ܕܪܩܘܣ ܥܠ ‎Jess‏ ܬܠܬܝܢ.. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎as‏
‎sees‏ ܟܕ ܐܦ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܬܐܕܘܣܫܝܣ ܦܛܪܝܪܟܐ ‎Lino;‏ ܬܡܢ ܐܬܬܣ ܫܡ ܗܘܐ.
ܘܡܟܝܠ ܬܡܢ ܛܘ̈ܒܢܐ ‎λα‏ ܡܕܝܪܝܝܢ 7.9000 ܟܕ ܩܣܛܛܪܐ ‎Là‏ ܒܬܫܒܘܚܬܐ
‎Des‏ ܗܘܐ. ܘܒܬ ܪ ܙܒܢܐ ܬܘܒ ,. ܠܕܘܟܬܐ ܐܚܪܬܐ ܡܛܠ ܥܣܩܘܬܗ̇ ‎Jon‏ ܟܢܝܘ.
ܘܡܝܢ ‎as Lis jM»‏ ܒܕܘܟܬܐ ‎2à‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ‎mule Sas odes Jie»)‏ ܟܕ
‎ass‏ ܕܘܟܬܐܼ ܬܠܡܝܕܗ ‎[axxo Laus‏ ܕܒܬܪܗ. ܐܝܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܗܼܘ ܥܡܗ ‎mais‏
‏ܛܘܒܢܐ ܪܒܗ ܚܒܝܒ ܒܕܘܒܪ̈ܐ ܕܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܐܬ ‎ας‏ ܘܒܗܠܚܝܢ ܣܝ̈ܟܢ ܥܠ ‎bo‏
‎μ.ο‏ ܙܥܘܪܐ܂. ܟܕ ‎Rio‏ ܡܝܢ ‎Has‏ ܕܒܘܨܪ̈ܐ ܕܢܨ̈ܚܢܘܗܝ ܟܠܗܘܢ܇. ܗܠܝܢ
ܕܒܨܪܢ ‎ARNO‏ ܒܝܕ ‎2Ó‏ ܕܙܥܘܪ ܗܘ ܠܢ ‎hs‏ ܥܠ ‎Lo‏ ܠܡܫܬܥܝܘ܀
ܠܡܬ ‎Heat‏ ܕܓܒܪܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ ܛܘܒܥܐ ‎ses)‏

‎1. Ms, Mas, corr. v. D. and Il.

‎Syrian does not leave the citv, it will be ruined. », and the king and queen
when they saw it, in order that there might not be a sedition (στάσις) and evil
in the city, begged hin to depart from the city. limits, while the queen
prepared ἃ place for the blessed. inan in a certain eamp (κάστρα! in Tlraer
the name of which was Dereus thirty miles off, and so he set out. thither,
while the blessed] Theudosius also the patriareh of Alexandria had beeu
established there; and thereafter the blessed. men dwelt there together,
while that camp (κάστρα thundered ‏ܙ ܠ‎ after some tine again ou
account uf the inclemeney of this place they withdrew to another; and after
some vears the blessed Z'ura fiuished his course and fell asleep in the same
place, his disciple Hanauya the presbyter who l'was next to him haviug
lelt the place, who himself also had been trained with him during the lifetime
of his hlessed master Habib in the manuer of life of both of them*. lu
these lines we have comprised the story of tlie holy old man Z ura, dreadiug
condemnation for the omissions of all. his triumplis which we lave omitted
and passed over for the reason that our time ix not Ίου enough for these to
relate them.

‎The history of the divine man the blessed. Z'ura. is ended.

‎1. Or *zucceeded. lim; — ὃν See p. V.

‎ΑΠΟ
