"AL"

vb.

‎JOHN OF EPIHESUS. [14]‏ 14
ܡܢܗ ܥܢܢܐ ܗܕܐ. ܘܟܡܥ ܡܪܝܐ ܒܩܠܗ ‎Jae,‏ ܘܠܒܝܼܪܬ ‎Lus‏ ܗܺܝ܂. ܘܠܐ ܐܟܝܼܝܬ ‎e»‏
‏ܐܦ ܠܐ ܚܕ ܛܪܦܐ. ‎«2o‏ ܟܪܡܐ ‎où‏ ܒܝܕ ‎JL‏ ܕܨܠܘ̈ܐܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ܂. ܗܐ ܡܢ ܗܝܕܝܢ
ܟܕ ܠܐ ‎M‏ ܒܗ ܒܪܕܐ. ܟܕ ܟܠܠ ܚܕܪ̈ܘܗܝ ‎«sk‏ + ܘܗܼܘ ܠܚܚܘܕܘܗܝ ‎ON‏
‏ܬܘܒ ‎Ju‏ ܚܕܐ ‎ak‏ ܠܘܬܗ ܕܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ 96 ܫܐܕܐ܂. ܘܐܣܪܗܼ ܘܢܦܝܼܩ ‎Suse‏
‏ܘܡܢ ܒܬܪ ‎[xi‏ ܐܬܟܪܗ ܗܘ ‎Lo‏ ܘܐܬܐ ܥܨ ܕܢܡܘܬ. ‎aoo‏ ܬܠܡܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ
ܐܦܚܣܘܗܝ ܕܢ̣ܥܪܐ ܐܣܘܪ̈ܘܗܝ. ܗܼܘ ܕܚܢ ‎Jis lam)‏ ܟܘܠ ܐܣܘܪ̈ܘܗܝ ‎wm],‏
‏ܗܘܐ ܠܗ. ܘܒܪܢܥܬܗ ܗܼܦܟ ܕܝܘܐ ‎aisle «.οὖι‏ ܒܗ݀ܝ ܐܢܬܬܐ. ܘܟܕ ܐܡ̣ܪܘܼܢ ܠܗ
ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܐܡܡܪܚܬ ܕܠܛܘܒܢܐ ܚܒܝܒ ܐܣܝܪ ܗܘܝܬ. ܐܡܪ ܠܗܘܢ. ܕܒܪܡܫܐ ‎Jus‏
‏ܟܠܚܡܕܡ ‎ml‏ ܗܘܐ ‎ο‏ ܟܕ ܩ݀ܐܡ ‎bl‏ ܬܡܝܢ.. ‎lo‏ ܘܟܕ ܐܬܘ ܐܘܕܥܝܘܢ
ܠܛܘܒܢܐ ܫܠܚ ܠܗ . ܕܠܟ ܠܐ ‎Jes‏ ܠܟ ܕܬܥܡܼܪ ܒܒܪܢܢܐ܂ ܠܥܠܝܡ ܥܠܡܝܢ.
7 ܘܗܟܢܐ ܬܘܒ ‎JA‏ ܕܡܠܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܐܬܪܕܦ. ‎Ju]‏ ܬܘܒ ‎Ils‏ ܗܘܐ ‎à‏ ܐܕܐ
‎Jias‏ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܒܩܪܝܬܐܼ ܚܕܐ ,. ‎JNLenm λαο pl Jas loo [ale‏
ܘܡܣܕܩܐ ܗܘܬ ܡ̈ܐܢܝܗܘܢ.. ܘܠܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ‎LS pso‏ ܗܘܬ + ܘܟܕ ܐܝܬܝܘܗܿ ܠܘܬ ܣܒܐ ..

‎11:6 Lord heard the old man's voice; aud that eloud passed away, and did not
harm even one leaf in it: aud lo! from that time, through the power of the
blessed mans prayers, that vinevard remained. without hail falling in it,
while havoe was made of every thing round it, and it alone escaped. '

‎Again they hrought a. certain woman to him who had a demon in her.
and he daid an inhibition upon him, and he came out of her. Aud after
some years the old man. fell sick, and was constrained to die; and his
disciples came near and besought him to remove his inhibitions: and the
blessed man removed all his inhibitions that he had made. And immediately
that ποιὰ returned, and appeared. in that woman. And, when they said to
Him, « How have vou presumed, when you were laid under an inhibition by
the blessed Habib? », he said to them, « Last evening he removed every inhi-
bition laid by him, while 1 was standing there, aud ] eame ». And when they
eame and toll the blessed man he sent him a message, € As for von, vou
are not at liberty to dwell in à human heing for ever and ever > And so
he was again expelled by the power of God's word. There was again another
woman in a certain village who had a mad demon in her, a woman wlio
barked at people like a noxious beast, and tore their clothes, and violently
assaulted many, and, when they brought her to the old man, she continued

‎τ Cf, ch. ^, where a similar story is told.
