‎JOUN OF. EPIESUS. 90‏ 20
‎Laos‏ ܒܬܐܘܪܝܚܐ. ܟܕ ܛܥܝܢ ܕܠܝܒܗ ‎maso Jie‏ ܘܡܚܕܗܿ ܪܗܼܛ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ

‏ܘܫܡܡܛ ܣܝܦܗ. ‎Διο‏ ܐܝܕܗ ܐܝܟ ‎at où Pe Jose ον‏
ܠܩܘܒܠܗܼ ܘܐܡܪ ܠܗ. ܝܐ ܬܘܒ܂ ‎Malo ος.‏ ܐܝܕܗ ‎où‏ ܒܪܒܪܝܐ ܘܬܘܒ
ܠܐ ‎Mei‏ ܟܕ ܠܝܒܝܟ ܣܝܦܗ ܘܐܝܕܗ ‎sano LMI‏ ܥܕܡܐ ‎par‏ ܟܠܗ ‎Lu‏
‎eile‏ ܘܐ ܙܠ܂ ‎sale‏ ܗܼܘ. ܟܕ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܠܐ ܐܗܪܗܼ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܒܬܘܟܠܢܐ ‎Jos‏ ܐܦ
‎où‏ ܐ ܙܠ ܠܕܝܪܗ ̈ ܡܢ ‎«t hs‏ ܙܒܥܐ )| ‎b:‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ. ܟܕ ܐܬܬܢܝܚ ‎Ίο‏
‎où ANT EX‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܙܥܘܪܐ: ‎où‏ ܕܒܫܪܪܐ ܙܥܘܪܐ ‎Jon‏ ܒܩܘܡܬܗ ܘܒܬܪܥܝܚܬܗ
ܪܡ ܡܝܢ ܪ̈ܡܬܐ: ‎µια duel‏ ܥܒܕ ‎D‏ ܘܣܕܥܩ ܩܡ ܥܠܘܗܝ. ܟܕ ܡܘܐ ܫ|ܠ
ܚܫ̈ܠܐ ܘܐܣܽܘܬܐ ܕܪܒܪܗ ܒܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ܡܣ ܬܥܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ‎IET‏ ܓܝܪ ‎«Seco:‏ ܠܐܣܛܘܢܐ:
ܘܠܐ ܡܟܝܠ܂ ‎καθ‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܕܒ̈ܐܝܕܘܗܝ ܢܠܒܘܟ ‎geo LR asso‏
ܠܟܪ̈ܐ ^ ‎«Je‏ ° ܡܡܝܐ ‎«-αϑὸρ‏ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ ܘܡܡܒܪܟ ‎..jeot‏ ܘܟܠ ‎LS? μοὶ‏ ܗܘܘ ‎"NE^‏
‏ܚ ܘܠܡܢܐ ܠܐ ܡܬܝܬܘܚܪ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܓܝܪ ‎MAS‏ ܠܗ ܥܠ ܐܣܛܘܢܐ ܙܒܢܐ ܕܫܝ̈ܢܝܐ܂.

‎1, Ms, ‏ܐܬܪܚܫܝܗ‎

‎the blessed mau sent him Lo go down and inspect. the monastery. And, as
he was coins down, the host of tie Huns cane upon hin on the way, while
he was earrving his eross and walking. and repeating the service, And
at onee oue of them ran and drew his sword, and valsed his hand for the
purpose of smiting the blessed man: and he on lis side raised his hand
against him aud said to hin : « (lo! move it no farther ». And the hand of
hat barbarian was hupeded aud moved no farther, while lie. retained lis
sword and his hand was thus ruised, until the whole of the host had
passed ; and lie was released and. [τὸ also as well went away, while noue ol
them had hurt him, und so, UÜmsng in God, be also went to his inonastery.

‎Afier the. term of years that the blessed man lived, when he had taken
his rest and gone to his Lord, tie hlessed Z ura, who was in tuile ἃ small
man iz eran bis stature and in his mind was higher tlian the high, made a
οἱ πια fox himself, and went up aud stood. upon it, while thence fortli tlie
deeds of. power and healing of his master were performed thirougli: him.
Vor, alter he had gone up on lo the column, and 11 was accordingls no
longer in his power to grasp paralysed persons with his hands and beud them
and cure he sick, they used do give hii water and he used to pronounee
a blessiie, and wherever d£ fell à. eure Was not long in following. But,

‎when be 1 eompleted a ter of years. upon ie column, the synodite
