47
στ

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [10]‏ 10
ܘܠܦܪܟܐ ܕܟܠ ܐܢܫ ܬܬܝܕܥ܂. | ‎Iva jun.‏ ܛܝܒܘܬܟ܂ ܣܥܘܪ ܥܡܗ. ܗܝܕܝܢ ‎μας.‏
‏ܬܒܥܬܗ ܕܣܒܐ ‎Rs‏ ܡܢ ܓܒܪܐ ‎Jen‏ ܘܒܗ ܒܝܘܡܐ ܗܽܘܢ. ܡܚܚܝܗܝ ܡܪܝܐ.
ܘܚܝܒܫ ܦܠܓܗ. ܚܕܐ ‎po Ha‏ ܕܪܥܗ. ܘܟܠܗ ܓܒܗܼ ܘܚܕܐ ܪܓܠܗ. ܘܗܼܘܐ܂
ܒܐܘܠܨܢܐ ܡܪܝܪܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎ολο‏ ܕܓܙܪ ‎Lis‏ ܗܘ ܕܡܢ ܟܐܢܘܬܐ: ܕܚܠܦ ܓܘܕܦܗ
ܐܕܪܟܗ,. ‎ὃν‏ ܡܦܫ̈ܣܢܐ ܠܘܬ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܕܢܨܠܐ ܥܠܘܗܝ. ܗܼܘ ‎x‏ ܠܐ ܟܠܐ ܛܝܒܘܬܗ
ܡܢܗ. ܐܠܐ ܒܪ ‎ολους‏ ܬܠܡܝܕܗ ܫܕܐ ܕܫܡܗ ܗܘܐ ܙܥܘܪܐ. ܗܢܐ ܕܡܢ ܗܝܕܝܢ
ܒܕܡܘܬ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܠܝܐ ܒܬܠܡܝܕܗ ܐܠܝܥܥ. ܡܢ ܡܘܗܒܬܐ ‎Ho‏ ܕܕܠܘܬܗ
‎ponts‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܗ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܒܬܪܗܼ ܐܦ ܝܬܝܪ ܡܢܗ ‎XN‏ ܠܗܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ‎Ja‏ ܟܕ
‎sl :‏ ܕܙܠ ܒܪܝ. ܚܢܢ ܠܐ ܢܐܚܘܕ ‎il‏ ܘܨܠܐ ܥܠܘܗܝ. ܫܪܟܐ ܕܝܢ ܓܙܪ ‎Les‏
‎han SAS uad‏ ܡܝܢ ܚܫ̈ܐ. ܘܗܕܐ ܕܙܢܗܦܘܟ܂ ܠܐ ‎Aug»‏ ܘܟܕ ܐܐܠ ܘܠܝ
ܥܠܘܗܝ.. ܒܪ ܫܥܬܗ ܥܢܝܼܫܬ ܢܦܢܗ ܡܝܢ ܦܓܪܗܼ ܘܡܕܝܬ. ܘܕܠܐ ܒܨܒܝܢܗ ܗܘܐ

‏ܫܘܒܩܢܐ ܠܛܠܝ̈ܡܐ ܗܠܝܢ. 001 ܥܥ ܐܘ̈ܠܨܢܝܗܘܢ ܡܛܝܒ ‎Jon‏ ܘܡܢ ܕܚܠܬܐ
ܗܕܐ ܟܠ ܐܢܫ ܕܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܡܬܬܚܫܒܢܐ ܬܝܩ ܐ ‎«ass‏ ܗܘܐ. ܘܡܢܗܘܢ

‎io everyone else, do with him as tliy grace knoweth how ». Then Grace
exaeted forthwith from tlie man requital for the old man; aud that same day
the Lord smote him, and half of him becanie witlhered, one of his eves and
one of his arms, and tlie whole of his side, and oue of his feet, and he
fell into grievous allliction. And, when he understood that it was a sen-
tence emanating from justice, which hid overtaken him of on account of his
blasphemy, lie sent intercessors to the saint Lo ask. liim to pray. for him; and
lie on his side did not withhold his kindness from him, bnt immediately sent
his disciple wliose name was Z "ura; on whom from that time he poured part
of the gift of the power of his praver like the. blessed. Elijah upon his
disciple Elisha, so that after him he became even more distinguished than
himself. This man therefore he sent, saviug : « Go, my sou; we for our
part will not elose the door, and. pray for hhn. But the rest of the sentence
has gone forth against hin, that he shall depart from life; and this we eannot
reverse »..— And, when he had gone and praved over hin, immediately his
soul departed from his body, sind he died. and without his conseut a remission
was brought about for these iujured persous whom he himself was prepared
Lo subject to alllietions,— ud in consequence of this fear everyone who had
debtors of ancient standing would remit the debt; and sume of them hrouglit
their deeds 16 the. blessed man hiübuself, and. entreated lii to. bless them ;
