‎JOHN OF. EPHESUS. . 4‏ . 4
ܕܠܐ ‎Jos. po‏ ܕܣܩܝܠܘܬܐ ‎NS‏ ܒܒܪܝܪܘܬܐ ‎leo)‏ ܠܝܒܗܘܢ ‎οἷοι‏ ܕܒܝܪܙܘܿ
ܡܫܟܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܐܝܡ ܡܐ ‎Mo,‏ ܠܐܠܗܐ ܡܬܬܢܝܢ. ܘܗܼܝ ܣܥܘܪܘܬܐ ܕܕܘܒܪ̈ܐ ܕܚܕ
ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ .. ܕܠܐ ܨܘܒܬ ܡܡܠܠ@£±ܐ ‎abs ba is; bo Lasoïo‏ ܟܕ ܠܟܠܗ̇
ܣܩܝܠܘܬܐ ܥܠܡܢܝܬ | .. ܬܒܪ ܡܢ ܥܘܦܪ̈ܐ ܗܠܝܝܢ ܬܡܝ̈ܗܐ ܘܐܠܗ̈ܝܐ ‎RIRE‏
‏ܘܫܕܝܢܢ.. ‎Qe‏ ܢܐܐ ܒܗ ܠܨ̈ܡܚܫܗܘܢ ܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ. ܗܠܝܢ 7° ܕܥܠ ܫܘܦܪܐ ‎JN;‏
‏ܕܠܒܪ ܡܢܗܘܢ ]| ‎sse]‏ ܠܐ ܣܢܚܩܝܢ.. ܐܝܘܐܼܝ]ܐ ܕܐܦ ܠܐ ‎[soo oo‏ ܕܢܘܦܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ.
ܡܛܠ ‎οἰ"‏ ܠܐ ܚܣܝܪܝܢ ܒܡܕܡ. ܗܠܝܢ ‎eh‏ ܠܐ̱ܚܪ̈ܢܐ ܡܥܕܬܪܝܢ ܘܡܢܨܗܪܝܢ
ܒܫܘܦܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ. ܠܪܘܫܝܡܐ ܗܟܝܠ ‎Neo HS Ben‏ ܚܕ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܕܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ ܗܠܝܢ..
ܒܝܕ ܬܘܐܢܝܚ ܬܫܥܝܬܗ ܡܟܝܚܠ ܒܝܚܕ ܥܘܕܪܢܐ ܕܕܠܘ̈ܬܗܘܢ ܘܬܘܟܠܙܐ ܕܒܥܘ̈ܬܐܗܘܢ ‎Ne,‏
‎exl‏ ܘܣܒܪܐ ܕܡܘܗܒܬܗ ܕܡܪܪܬܝܠܢܗܘܢ ܡܿܥܪܝܢܢ. ܗܢܘ ‎wl‏ ܐܝܟ ܡܐ ܕܣܦܩ
ܚܝܠܢ ܙܥܘܪܐ ‎“as os‏ ܒܚܕ ‎JL‏ ܕܡܝܢ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ. ܟܕ ܒܪܝܫܐ ܕܣܝܝܥܬܐ ܗܕܐ
ܐܠܗܝܬܐ ‎Lam qi‏ ܗܢܐ ܪܒܐ :. ܐܝܢܬܐ ܕܛܒ ܦܐܝܐ ܠܗ ܪܝܥܢܘܬܐ ‎Jaxcz‏

‎Ανα ne Hunadas ‏ܚܕ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ‎ BS τμ. ‏ܬܢܐ‎ J[ als

‎1. Mz, sine, — 2. Ms, bal: eorr, v. D. and L.

‎lous and divine beauties therefore |. have. set myself to bring to the
record of narratives, while the spiritual heauttes and great triumphs them-
selves, withont the interposition of elegant language, are related by their
natural simplicity ol heart. with which as is written they glorified God 6
and we record the active manifestation. ol tle. ways of life of every one of
them without ornate. dietion and artificial combinations ol words, rejecting
and disnissing all worldly. elegance outside the cirele of these admirable
and divine beauties, lest by it we soil their holy. images: which have no
need. whatever of beauty and adoriment Iving ontside their eircle, as neither
has the Giver of their beanties himself, since. indeed they. are not lacking
in anything, which also enrichi and eulighten others by their beauties;— We
begin therefore. from (iis. point to draw the picture of each one. of these
saints hy relating his history through the help of their prayers and vonti-
denee. di. their petitions on our behalf, aud. hope in the gilt. of him who
strengthened them, that is, as far as our small strength is capable of. attai-
ning, throneh tle strength that arises From grace: and at the head of this
divine company. we set this great old. man whom a high place at table in the

‎heavenly lle, where each is in Christ Jesus, well befits.
