33] LIFE OF Z'URA. 23

ܟܕ ܕܚܢ ܥܠ ܣܟܐ ܘܟܠܗ ܡܫܪܝܬܗ. ܘܐܝܠܝܚܝܢ ‎ωδσι xao δ)‏ ܡܥܝܢܐ ܝܬ
ܐܬܡܠܠ: ‎καὶ οἱ‏ ܬܘܒ ܕܙܕܩܚ̈ܢ ‎e99‏ ܓܢܒܪܐܝܬ ܒܦܪܗܣܝܐ ܕܡܪܗ ܘܒܝܬܘܟܠܝ ܥܙ ܐ
‎sos‏ ܟܬܫ ܥܡ ܡܘܬܐ: ܛܘܒܢܐ ܚܠܝܡܐܝܬ݀ ܚܠܝܦ ܡܙܘ̈ܝܡܢܐ ‎ee‏ ܟܕ ܐܝܟ
‎pas: ων ος‏ ܡܠܟ ܐ ܕܐܕܘܡ ‎Jh . elo‏ ܥܡ ܪܒܐ ܬܬܟܬܟܘܢ ‎x Jo‏
‎ALI εαν)‏ ܥܡ ܡܶܠܟܐ ܕܐܝܣܪܐܝܠ܂. ܣܒܐ ܪܘܚܢܐ ܡܫܠܡ ܗܘܐ. ܕܠܐ ܥܡ ܪܒܐ
ܘܠܐ ܥܡ ‎eril easy‏ ܠܬܟܬܘܬܪܘܢ. ܐܠܐ ‎loà Lan‏ ܕܢܗ̇ܡ ܗܘܐ ‎lo μι] y‏
‎ss ον‏ ܟܕ ܟܘܠܗ̇ ܡܟܣܢܘܬܐ ܕܪܒܐ ܡܝܢ ܡܫܘܚܬܐ.. ܥܠܘܗܝ ܩܢܘܡܐܝܬ
‎JR‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܩܫܝܐܝܬ܇. ܡܛܘܠ ܟܘܠܗ ܪܕܘܦܝܗ̇ ‎Ve‏ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܇܇. ܥܠ ܟܠܗ
ܕܡܐ ܕܒܫ̈ܘܡܬܗ ܐܬܐܫܕ. ܥܠ ‎ss‏ ܕܣܘܙܗܘܕܘܣ ܗܕܐ ܡܚܪܡ ܬܐ܂ ܘܦܠ
ܣܓ̈ܝܐܬ|. ܟܕ ‎«δὲ‏ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܟܘܠܗܝܢ ‎hs‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܢܬ ܒܥ ܒ̈ܐܝܕܝܟ ‎δα.»‏ 35[
ܡܐ ‎os eph‏ ܛܝܘܪܦܗܘܢ ܕܟܪ̈ܣܛܛܝܢܐ ܕܒܟܠ ܕܘܟ. ܘܟܕ ܡܿܠܟܐ ܡܢ ܕܚܠܝܬܗ
‎fois‏ ܐܝܕܐ ' ܒܝܛܝܘܒܢܐ ܡܛܠ ܦܪܗܣܝܐ ܐܠ ܗܝܝܬܐ ܕܩܝܲܢܐ ‎Sea Joa‏ ܘܡܝܢ

1. Ms. ‏ܗܘ‎

But, wheu the old man and all liis company came in, and, the doctrines that
were eondemned had been gently ' expressed, those that were right were
again heroically expressed in sound language on behalf of the believers by
the blessed man with the frankness ‘235652 of his Lord and Le confidence
that contends with death, while the spiritual oll man carried. out his pro-
cedure according to wliat ibds written that the king of Edom. commanded
aud said, « Ye shall not eontend with great nor with mall save with tlie
king of Israel » 2: for he did not direct his contest with great nor with small
bat against him who roared as a lion, and looked whont he should devour?,
in that he slernly brought the whole measureless reproof against him per-
sonally, on account. of all the perséention of God's. church, concerning all
the blood that was shed in his days, οπου αρ the introdnetion οἱ this
aceursed synod, and concerning many ‏ܨ‎ saviug, « AM these things God
will require αἱ your hands in (he great. day when he shall come, all the
distress of the Christians every whore ». When the king by reason of the
fear οἵ him feared to lay a land on the blessed man on acconnt of tie divine

"

frankness (zai;57iz) which he »ossessed, he was exeiled by his rage, and
‏ܫ‎ 1 , n ‏ܫ‎

1. There is perhaps some error lierc. iib de right, the intention iust be to charge te. Clalecec-

nians with lukewarmhness, — 2. I 8 XXI sl] o— £ | ® «× 8.
