‎LIFE OF ZURA 27‏ ]27[
ܟܠܗ ܠܐ ܙܬܕܟܪ ‎JA‏ ܐܦ ܠܐ ‎usa $c‏ ܕܨܝܪ ‎eph‏ ܟܕ ‎Mb‏
‏ܓܘ̈ܕܦܘܗܝ ܡܕܣܪܚ ‎Jon‏ ܗܠܚܝܢ ܕܠܐ ܘܚܪܘܢ ܥܠܖܘܗܝ ܦܝܘܪܥܢܐ :1 ܗܘܐ
‎oco ons‏ ܗܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܟܕ ܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ ܡܝܢ ‎Lis‏ ܐܬܩܒܠ ܗܘܐܼ ܒܨܘܨܐ! ܣܓܝܐܐ:
ܐܝܟ ܡܢ ܕܠܐ ܪܓܫ ܗܘܐ ‎dans‏ ܒܚܫܘܬ ܬܪܥܚܬܗܢ. ܟܕ ܥܠ ܐܝܟ ‎e‏ ܕܒܫ̈ܡܥܘܗܝ
ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܙܥܘܪܐ ܡܡܪܡܪ ܗܘܐ.. ܠܡܪܢܘܬܐ ܕܡܛܠܬܗ ܠܡܠܟܐ ܐܥܠ ܟܕ ‎8l‏
‏ܕܡܛܠ ܡܢܐ ܡܿܡܛܥܝܢܐ ‎où‏ ܣܘܪܝܝܐ ‎Mol‏ ܗܪܟܐ܇܇ ܫܒܝܩ ܠܟ ܡܗܼܦܟ ܠܥܠܡܐ
‎Lis “als‏ ܕܝܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܡܶܢ ܕܡܕܦܣ ܗܘܐ ܒܚܝܚܫܠܬܢܘܬܗ ܕܣܒܐ ‎pol‏
‏ܠܗ. ܘܡܬܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܝ ‎où eM:‏ ܕܓܒܪܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܩܫܫܐ ܕܠܐ ‎Nous‏ ܡܢ ‎MS‏
‏ܐܢܬܐ. ܗܼܘ ܕܚܢ ܐܝܟ ܡܶܢ ܕܒܬܛܘܒܢܐ ‎ot) fous‏ ܠܘܩܕܡ: ܩܒܠ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܟܕ
ܐܡܿܪܢ. ܕܝܒܘܩܝܢܝ ܐܥܒܕܝܘܗܝ ‎Nm y‏ ܐܘ ܕܡܢ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܐܬܘܬܐ ‎NS‏
‏ܡܿܠܟܐ ܕܝܢ ܝܗܒܗ ܠܕܒܝܢܗ ܟܕ ܐܸܡܿܪ. ‎ἀν‏ ܗܼܘ ‎Joker‏ ܐܢܬ ܚܝܠܗ. ܐܝܟ
‎ans Mas‏ ܓܒܪܐ ܕܚܢ ܗܢܐ ܒܫܒܗܪܢܘܬܗ. ܕܠܐ ‎Pool‏ ܡܢ 5 ° ܕܝܠܗ
ܘܕܡܿܠܟܐ.. ܠܘܬܗ ܕܛܘܒܙܐ ‏ ܫܕܪ. ܘܪܣܛܛܚܘܢ ‎κοὐ‏ ܪܒܐ ܠܛܘܒܢܐ ‎J.2‏ ܕܣܘܩܣ

‎1. Corr. froin ‏ܕ ܒܙܘܘܚܝܐ‎ — 2, Mich. (D. 285) ὠσιθατωδ. — 3, Ms, os.

‎nor her likeness he found depieted. anywhere, while he. presumptuously
promulgated his blasphemies, which did not retard for him the reward that
his labour deserved. This man therefore, having been magnilicently received —
by the king with much display, inasinuchi as he was not aware of ull. tlie
evil of his mind, when he had come in, inasmuch as he was annoved by the
reports ol the blessed Z'ura, brought a complaint about bin hefore the
king, saying, « Wherefore is the Syriau deceiver who is here allowed hy vou
to turn the world Γιο his deception! »? But the king, inasmueh as he know
well the old man's power, said to him, « And what ean 1 do to hun? For he
is a stubborn man who does not fear men ». But he, in order to show his
zeal in the ease of the blessed man first, aecused liim saving, > Let me do to
him so that he will submit, or be expelled from all the countries ». And
the king gave him his will, saying, « IT you are stronger tlian ho, do as you
wish ».

‎But this man in his arrogauce without delay sent sonie of his own leading
men and the king’s to the blessed. man himsell (a. large villa at Sycae on
the other side? had heen given him by the queen, and he was staying there

‎1. Mich. * by his sorceries'. — 2. Ke, of he Golden Horn.

‏,ܐ \. *
‎b.‏ ܒ
