xw INTRODUCTION. [κιν]

mss., 1 have seldom indeed found it necessary to depart from M. Kugener's
test". In both mss. the narrative is followed by the words : « The history
of Mar James, bishop of Edessa, is ended », and in S there follows a colophon
stating that the history was composed by Theodosius the stylite of Fsiltha
in 7412. as if he were the author of both. The narrative is however stated
in the title to be the work of Cyriae bishop of Amida (C ‘Mardin”), and we
must therefore apparently suppose that Theodosius after writing the life
copied the narrative of Cyriae as a pendant to it. ‘Three difficulties remain.
(11) Theodosius ts said iu the colophon to have written when Stephen was
archimandrite of Fsiltha: but the archimandrite when the relies were stolen
in 622 was also Stephen, 5ο that we must postulate two archimandrites of
that name. (2) The so-called Dionysius places the death of Cyriac of Amida in
6233, whereas the narrative mentions events of 628, so that we must either
postulate two bishops of Amida named Cyriae or adopt with M. Kugener the
reading * Mardin from C*. Οἷα Cyriac of Mardin nothing is known. (3) The
author of the life calla himself « Me the siuful John the Syrian, the converter
of the pagans and author of the Ecclesiastical History, who am from ihe
house of Mar John at Amida », and this is apparently not simply copied from
the origiual, for the text there is « a man whose name was John »°. 1f then
the author passed himself off as John of Ephesus, why is he in the subserip-
tion called Theodosius? ΤῸ this it may be answered that tlie document is
an amplification of the original lives, and thai the use of tlie 1 person was a
mere literary device not intended to deceive, and Theodosius was known to
evervone as tlie author. I must say however that it seems very strange that
a writer who is amplifying an older work should put an expression of humility
into the mouth of the original writer which he did not find in the text; and,
as Jolin nowhere else in the Lives speaks of himself in the 3" persou*, i have
a suspicion that he really wrote LAN ‏ܠܝ‎ here aud the seribe of A inad-
vertently substituted ‏ܗܘܐ‎ ον τσ auf because the expression was used of the
other bisliops above; but, as he ts not in the habit of making mistakes, 1 have
not presumed Lo alter the 0 In. any. case the narrative must have been

1. My S and C are M. Kugener's D and 1.. 1 had already used D for another ms., and
had denoted Add. 12174 by C, and therefore could not adopt his notation. — 2. See
Kugener, p. 23, where it is shown that 74t should be taken as the date of this
document rather than that of the ms., as D* Saehau took it, — 3. Ed. Chabot, A. S.
035. lle was the successor of the John who died in 578 (*Dion.' ap. Nleyn, lijdrage,
p. 73. See above, p. xit, and the interpolated life ad fin. — ^. Baumstark iGescA, d. syr
Lit., p. 181; ascribes the narrative to a Cyriac of Thella. - 5, Ch. 50, — 6. Ile often
does so in 1). E. — 7. There is a elear instance in which the text of À may be corrected
from th: inierpolated life, i. e. the account of the conseeration of the bp. of Seleucia in
Syria, where A has !Isauria ; see n. on ch. 50. Cf. also f. 127 r^ b, where the reading
be should ahnuost certainly be adopted from the interpolated life.
