32 JOIN OF EPIESUS. [33]

li Je ‏ܘܟܐܢܘܬܐ ܕܝܢ‎ .Joot Lil ‏ܒܨܠܘܬܗ ܘܥܠ ܦܝܖ̈ܡܘܗܝ‎ δα ba
els ‏ܒܟܘܠܗܝܢ‎ lise ‏ܗܽܘ.‎ lee ‏ܕܕܠܘܬܗ‎ JL Jes ‏ܡܢ‎ : les
sel ‏ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ‎ Jo ‏ܘܡܿܘܕܐ‎ Jon ‏ܕܒܝܕ ܠܘܬܗ ܟܠ ܐܢܫ ܬܗܪ‎ 24 so ‏ܩܕܝܫܐ‎
‎μα. ‏ܘܒܐܝ̈ܡܡܐ'̇.‎ μα ‏ܘܕܡ̈ܥܘܗܝ܇.‎ ei So ‏ܒܡܿܡܠܘܗܝ ܘܒܒ̈ܥܘܬܗ‎
‏ܒܪܘܿ ܒܬܪܥܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ. ܐܦ ܟܕ‎ san ‏ܕܠܐ‎ pa ‏ܫܥܬܐ ܚܕܐ‎ onse ‏ܕܠܐ ܬܥܒܪ‎
Mus ‏ܡܛܠ ܕܬܪܥܝܬܗ ܠܥܠ ܒܫܡܝܐ‎ ταῦ ‏ܚܬܒ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܡܠܠ ܥܡ‎
‏ܟܕ ܠܐ‎ dendo ‏ܫܝ̈ܦܥܢ ܗ̈ܘܝ ܕܡ̈ܥܘܗܝ ܡܢ‎ FLD ‏ܡܠܐܟܐ ܡܕܝܪܐ ܗܘܬ ܂. ܡܝܢ‎
‏ܐܢܫܐ ܢܣܥܘܐ. ܘܣ̈ܠܩܢ' ܗܘܝ ܠܗ ܚܢ̈ܓܬܐ܂. ܘܬܪ̈ܬܝܗܝܢ‎ ii ‏ܨܒܐ ܗܘܐ ܕܗܕܐ ܩܕܡ‎
‏ܘܗܟܢܐ‎ Jo Χο ‏ܘܪܝܫܗ ܥܠ ܒܘܪ̈ܟܘܗܝ‎ Jon ja] cuis) ‏ܥܠ‎ ee
eas. pa) Mauss ‏ܗܘܐ ܚܝܠܝܬܢܐܝܬ. ܘܐܝܬ ܐܡܬܝ ܕܟܕ ܡܡܠܠ‎ BK 1
! wl LS ‏ܡܝܢ‎ à ‏ܗܘܐ‎ px ‏ܕܡܚܘܐ‎ La ‏ܕܡܠܥܬܗ‎ "na HE ‏ܒܓܘܚܟܐ.‎
‎tirs of) ‏ܙܒܢ̈ܬܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܬܐ ܣܥܪܗܿ. ܥܕܡܐ‎ Alem) ‏ܕܐܦ ° ܒܡܡܐܐ‎ hal JR

Here besins;umextraeb in BE. ΤᾺΝ r7 à, headed Host epe lan os δω ‏ܬܘܒ ܝܠܗ ܡܢ‎ u Boo. — ἡ. B
uso bon — : ‏ܚܙܝܢܬܐ ;ܐ‎ ei Seo: - rh ‏ܐܡܡܝܐ‎ — à p ene ο, τν us. τς - |: ‏ܐܠܐ‎ ET
‏ܬܪ̈ܬܝܗܝܢ ܐܝܕܘܗܝ ܥܠ ܛܦܟܘܗܝ :ܐ — ܕܣܐܠܦܝܢ‎ sie, ‏ܗܘܝ‎ pe. — t. latae aise. — 10, DB ‏.ܦܠܓ ܗ‎
— M. b ‏ܗܘܝ‎ Line

against εαν people"! »; besides the other things which the blessed man used
to repeat iu his prayer and over his incense. And justice did. indeed. uot
delay to show the power of his prayer in that blasphemer, And 80 everyone
was amazed at all the. things that were done through the saint and at the
dics of. power wronght through. his. prayer. and gave thanks to God, and
especially at his. labours und his pelitions aud his crying ond his tears
night and day. so that not one hour ever passed. Trom ‏ܝܘ‎ without his
I nocking at God's door, Even when he was sitting and speakiug with men,
hecause his mind was dwelling above in heaven among the angels, bis tears
would suddenly unsh fortli perforee, while he did not wish to do this before
men, and sobs would spring up in him, and he would beat his two hands
upou his face, aud. rest his: head upon. his knees, and thus he would ery
loudly, And sometimes, when he was displaying tlie elieerful appearanee of
| 1 τον with his lips, in the middle of his speech at wich he displayed the
appearonee of laughing sobs overpowered lim, insomuch that while speakiug

with us he often did so. intl by virtue: of the freedom zz; which I
