fix] INTRODUCTION. ΙΧ

in too bad a state to photograph, and 1 owe the text to a copy taken long
ago by M. Nau which he kindly sent to me, and of which MF Grallin and
M. Nau obtained a new collation for me, For the beginning of ch. 4 P is
the only authority.

Land's text does not claim {ο be a critical edition; but it was collated
with the inss. by Wright, and is fairly aceurate, though mauy errors (some

πο doubt misprints) remain. — Hlardly any suggestions for emendation are

g
made; but in v. Douwen and Land's translation are ὃς pages of emendations,
many of which come from Professor Nóldeke'. A large number of these
are actually in the ms., and of the others many are of great value for the
restoration of the text. The parts defective in A Land supplied from other
mss. in which they are found, but did not give variants where À exists, and,
where À does not exist, gave the iext of one ms. without recording the
variants of others, except that in the life of Susan (ch. 27 below), which he
published from B, he gave a few of the variants of E. The existence of P
was unknown to him?. Hence the beginning of ch. 4, which is in P only,
is absent from his edition; and the life of Susan is given in the paraphrastic
text of B instead of that of the more faithful E*, Υ. Douwen and Land's
iranslation generally reproduces the original accuratolv; but in some places
they have misunderstood the meaning, and, when there is a difficulty, they
give what they believe to be the sense intended without comment or emeu-
dation. Notes on the subjeet-matter are rare, and there is no attempt to
elucidate the chronology.

Michael (p. 377) mentions this work of Johu, and gives a list of the lives,
stating the number as 5^*. This list, whieh is very corrupt, has been
emended by M. Chabot, in whose translation the number appears as 51, but
Dyakonov (p. 369, n. Το) notes that no. 42 in the list is our eh. 52, and that
Los is ἃ corruption of nam.,s, and is the itle of the next life (our
ch. 53), which brings the total 10 52; and, if we suppose that the scribe
omitted Elijah (ch. 30) because Elijah and Theodore (ch. 31) followed, and
James and Theodore (ch. 50) because James (ch. 49) preceded, we have 54,
the missing lives being hs. 105, 42, and 43, aud the life of Malkha (ch. 29
below). Among the lives mentioned by Michael is one of Cosmo, which
cannot be identified with any existing life*, and this life together with tlie

1. 1 believe these are taken from a review, but 1 have not the ref. to it, and give

them from v. D. and L. with mention of Noldeke's name. — 2. Land, p. ix. 0: In this
he departs from his principle of transeribing the oldest ms. (/d., p. x). — ^. lle implies

that J. wrote more, but says that he himself transcribed or cpitomated these 54 in
another work. — 5. Dyakonov notes that in Mich.'s no. 7, where only aeg is legible, we
should not with M. Chabot supply *Simeon' /eli. 10), since he is not called μρας in the
heading, but * Addai' (eli. 8). — 6. M. Chabot identified it with ch. 52, because a C. is
mentioned thore;but see above.
