ܐ) 1:17 \, *

34 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [34'

ܒܬܪܥܝܬܗ ‎iot Ico‏ ܘܐܦ ܒܡܘܟܟܗ ܘܪܚ ‎Ίνα‏ ܐܟܣ̈ܢܝܐ ܘܡܣ̈ܟܢܐ ܕܡܠܚܐ
‎Jak o2 looi‏ ܪܒܬܐ ‎Ὁ‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܡܟܝܠ ܣܝܘܓܐܗܘܢ 7 ‎μμ. se:‏
ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܘܐܟܣܬ̈ܢܝܐ 260« ܟܠ ܕܘܟ.. ܡܛܠ ܫܡܥܝܼܐ ܕܚܘܒܗܼ ܠܘܬܗ ܪܗ̇ܛܚܝܢ
ܗܘܘ. ܥܕܡܐ ‎ΠΟΤῚ‏ ܬܡܢܐܝܢ ܘܐܫܥܝܢ ܘܥܕܡܐ ‎JL‏ ܒܫ̈ܘܡܝܢ ܘܘ̈ܡܝܢ ܒܕܝܪܗ
‎d‏ ܗܘܘ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܩܪ̈ܙܠܐ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܬܐ ‎vac‏ ܘܣܡ ܓܒܪ̈ܐ ܕܐܡܫܢܫܝܢ ܡܒܝܥܝܢ
‎esse‏ ܠܚܡܐ. ‎ooo‏ ܒܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ܥܡ ‎Jo‏ ܡܕܝܠܢܐ ܟܕ ܦ ܝܝܚ ‎ο...‏
‏ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܗܟܢܐ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܒ ܟܠ ܗܝܢ ܨܚ ‎foot‏ : ܘܚܝ̈ܝܠܐ ܘܐܬܘ̈ܬܐ ‎χα. Nas‏
ܒܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ‎voi τοσο! as‏ ܕܡܢ ܬܘܢܝܐ ‎pu pes‏ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܒܕܠܐ ‎<a‏
‏ܚܢܝܢ ‎xd vl‏ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܟܠܗ ܡܢ ܟܕܘ ܠܘܬܗ ‎Loi‏ ܗܘܬ - ܥܡ 95
‎«Ἐπὶ ste eoa d.a sac‏ ܗܘܘ ܦܪܗܣܝܐ ܪܒܬܐ . ܘܡܟܣܢܘܬܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ
‎rh‏ ܫܘܠܛܛܢܐ ‎flass‏ ܘܕܚܬܝܐ ܕܒܬ ܪ ܐܠܗܐ :. ܒܕܚܠܝܬܐ ܘܙܘܥܝܬܐ ‎oo;‏
‏ܡܬܬܚܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܘܒܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ ܟܠ ܐܢܫ ‎rl o‏ ܗܘܐ.. ܗܝܕܝܢ ܗܪܐܛܝܩܘ
ܟܠܗܘܢ ‎Hess)‏ ܘܒܕܝܪ̈ܬܐ ° ܩܫܝܐܝܬ ܡܬܡܪܡܪܝܝܢ 000 . ܘܥܠ 2935[ ‎Laos‏

1. B. 8x20. z. [eee Here tle. extract ends — 3, Ms, will ; inil. 0 ΜΑ, Do.

saints disposition, as well as al his hunilily and the kindness to strangers
and poor men of which his son! was full with great zeal, so tliat in conse-
quence a mullilude of Hie poor of the eily and strangers from every place
locked to. him on aceonnt of tlie. report of his charity, until eighty and
ninety and as many às à hundred tables were on some days prepared 1
his monastery. And. Ihereupon he made great. eauldrous. and appointed
men who were continnally cooking aud. making bread: and in. company
with παν he wonld with his own hands make himself into an attendant
witli eheerfiliess and jo. While the hlessed man was thus illustrious in
all things. and deeds of power und signs were every day wrought throngh
him. Lo narrate each. one of which we have omitted since we are not sulli-

clent, the whole city used already. to flock to. bim, with the whole senate

anne, and! they who saw die great freedom of speech (παῤῥησία), and

2
Hie rebuke of those who hid the power of death and life after God, were
kept dn great fear and dreud of him, and everyone. put. great. failli πὶ
hin.

Then all the horeties in the churches and monasteries were sorely dejeeted,
and thes eried. against Hie. King every dav in great. assemblies : « 1f the

1. 916. ou,
