2 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [21

Jlases ‏ܣܡ̈ܡܡܢܐ ܫܝ̈ܛܛܐ ܘܢܚ̈ܝܡܐ ܕܡܠܬܢ ܡܣܟܢܬܐ..‎ pas ‏ܐܢ ܒܗܘܪܐܝܬ‎ οἱ:
‏ܢܫܒܘܩ ܒܥܘܗܕܢܐ ܕܟܝ̈ܬܝܒܬܢ.‎ o | ‏ܕܝܘ̈ܩܢܝܗܘܢ ܠܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܡܝܢ ܒܬܪܟܢ ܢܪܫܘܡ:‎
‏ܕܟܕ ܢܦܓܕܥܘܢ ܘܢܚܕܙܘܢ ܥܒ̈ܕܝܗܘܢ ܛܒ̈ܐ ܘܕܘܒܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܬܡ̈ܡܝܗܐ.. ܒܝܕ ܗܕܐ‎ Lis. |
‏ܢܚܙܘܢ ܠܒ̈ܐ ܕܝ ܐܗܘܢ‎ por ‏ܚܕܐ ܗܺܝ‎ "κά d Vas RL ‏ܕܡ̈ܬܝܠܕܢ‎
‎sou ‏ܐܛܒ̈ܐ ܘܢܫܝ̇ܒܚܘܢ ܠܐܒܘܗܘܢ ܕܒܫܡܫܐ ܐܝܟ ܡܐ ܕܟܬܝܒ.. ܘܕܬܪ̈ܬܝܢ ܬܘܒ܂. ܕܟܕ‎
L3c€M». ‏ܕܕܘܒܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܥܠ ܢܦܫ̈ܬܐ ܕܡܥܪ̈ܙܠܢ ܒܣܪ̈ܝܩܬܗ‎ wen ° ‏ܢܘܗܪܐ‎
‎ÈS ‏ܘܢܬ ܚ‎ Noo ut ‏ܒܝܕ ܢܘܗܪܐ‎ ous Has ts Lino μοι
ook ss lax] ‏ܕܡܘ̈ܬܗܘܢ ܒܩܢ̈ܘܡܝܗܘܢ܇.‎ Sao ‏ܠܡܕ݂ܡܿܝܘ ܒܗܘܢ..‎
‏ܥܘܠܘ‎ oh £x], ‏ܚܝ̈ܐ‎ Jlsos JLo ‏ܠܟܠܫ̈ܠܝܗܘܢ.. ܘܢܫܕܼܡܥܘܢ ܥܡܗܘܢ ܗ݀ܘ‎
‏ܕܡܠܬܐ ܟܠܝ .ܫܬ‎ Jos ‏ܟܕ ܐܦ ܡܢ‎ NS sot ‏ܒܪ̈ܝܟܘܗܝ ܕܐܒܝ. ܡܛܠ ܗܠܝܢ‎
AUREUM ‏ܛܒܬܐ ܘܠܐ ܥܒܕ ܠܗ ܡܣ‎ ον UT
‏ܠܛܒ̈ܬܐ ܪܘܖ̈ܒܬܐ ܘܬܡܫ̈ܪܘܬܐ܆. ܗܠܝܢ‎ fast ‏ܐܟܘܡ ܘܒܫܬܩܐ‎ Hs ssl}
‏ܐܢܐ‎ Sole ‏ܘܝܕܥܬ ܘܠܦܬ ܢܗܝܪܐܝܬ܇‎ Man. Lao ‏ܕܒܐܢܫܐ ܓܢܒܪ̈ܐ‎
‏ܦܣܝܩܬ ܒܪܥܝܢܝ.‎ Mi. ‏ܟܕ ܗܕܐ‎ ας ‏ܩܢܛܐ ܘܕܠܐ‎ Ji ‏ܫܪܝܪܐܝܬ‎ som

our poor words, the pattern of their likenesses for posteritv, [and] leave it
in tlie memorial of our writings; so that, when they. read and see their good
deeds and marvellons ways of life; by this means we opine that two bene-
ficial results will be produced, oue. that wlien. they see their good deeds
they may also glorifv their Father who is in heaven as it is written, and the
second. again, that, when the light of the narratives of their ways of life
shines upon souls eutangled iu the vanities of this world and darkened by
error, they may be eulightened by the Right of their triumphs and he eager
lo imitate them, and lo receive their patterns in themselves, in order that
they may ttn lo their erowns, and hear with them the life-fraught call that
says « Come enter, ve blessed of my Father»! For these reasons therefore,
since T. dreaded even to hear the apostolie saying. that eondemns the man
who knows what is good and does it not by the sentence of «in*, 1 deter-
mined not fo conceal and cover with silence the great and marvellous virtues
that 1 have seen and known and eleurly learued in lieroic and divine persons,
aud [am confident of bearing true witness without fear aud. without hesi-

tatiou: hasing first. formed this resolution ii my mind, that, though I hear

τ. Matth. xxv, ὃν 2. James, ( 17.
