NT INTRODUCTION. [xi]

fragmeuts, and tlie lives of Habib (D), Z'ura (2), Simeon the scribe (34),
Priseus (531, and Caesaria 155) are defective. The rest, except in 50 far
as omissions may have been made by the seribe ', and a few illegible words
in eh. 4 ὃς is complete. 1

Besides Michael tlie work was also used by the so-called Dionysius, who
transeribes p. 141, 1. 2-12?, and nnder A. S. 836 gives the following list of
men celebrated at the lime: « Abraham bishop of Auzetene and Maro the
siylite from the convent of νο, Simeon the recluse and Sergius his
disciple, Mare, (Paul! of Surtlia ou. the Tigris, Addai ‏ܣܥܘܪܐ‎ (visitor) from
the convent of Fardaisa, John of Zuknin » *, t. e. our chs. 3-9 in a different
order and with eh, 7 omitted (unless it eame in the laeuna after Mare); where
it is Lo be noticed. that he has apparently. confounded Abraham the Se.lite
(eh. 4j with Abraham bishop of Beth Urtaye mentioned in ch. 58 (f. 131 v? a),
and that he gives the nime Hsikha (abstineut) to the monastery over which
Abraham and Maro presided, the name beiug perhaps derived from ἃ gloss
im an early ` £? Again under A. S, 862 he gives the following names :
« Theodosius, Anthimus, Paul, James, John of Amida from the monastery
of Karthamiu, Theodore of Hirtha » *, all of which come from our elis. 48-50
except Jolin, who is added to the list of bishops vonsecrated by James in tlie
interpolated life of James? (see below), and may also be derived from a
marginal addition in an early tns. *.

John is not a literary writer. He puts down what he wants to say as it
comes into his head, stringiny seutenees together hy the use of ‏ܟܕ‎ and ; μοὶ,

which are often equivalent τὰ * aud; and frequently rambles on, forgettiug

how he had begun; iudeed in imauy places irregularities that ] have charitably:

attributed to the seribe may well be the author's. In the translation I have
reproduced ilese peculiarities so far as ean be done without making the
sentences unintellisible, placing the words * sie svr.' in the notes wheu tle
sentence isuugrammatical or ineonsequent..— From the circumstances of his life
he must have had an extensive knowled;re of colloquial Greek, and many Greck
words are interspersed ii his ΟΥ (| He certaiuly used John Malala '*; but

1. See above, p. vni. There ace also two accidental omissions in ch. 46. — 2. P. 59.
—3. B. 0,1, p. 34... - ^. 3:4 ®: p. 69; cf. 4 Οἱ, II, Diss., s. v. Anizeta
Dyakonov, p.34. ον 1) is just possible that it occurred in the lacunae on p. 59. —

C. Kleyn, op. cit, p. 72.
8. That the extraet under À. S. 836 at all events comes from the Lives, not from the
Ecelesiastical History, seems clear, for J. would not have inserted a list of obscure

- 7. Me is there however called bp. of Dara; see n. ad loc. —

asceties as or inen distinguished at the time. — 9. In two places in ch. 36 he even
iransliterates ποτέ into. Syriae, though ‏ܡܬܘܡ‎ is an exact equivalent. 16. Land, p. 300.

Perh, w^ should say τα souree of John ( 0 Haase in Or. Christ, Neue Ser., VI,
p. δύ, 259.

ܐ
