[15 LIFE OF HABIB. 15

ܡܝܠܝܠܐ ܗܘܬ ‎ouse‏ ܘܒܥܝܐ ܕܬܥܪܘܩ. ‎Maso‏ ܣܟܐ ܐܝܕܗܼ ‎«ὀμρολ-.ο‏ ܘܐܣܪܗܼ
‎lo‏ ܐܓܝܪ ܐܢܬ ܒܫܡܗ ‎ο‏ ܡܢ ܓܒܝܠܬܗ. ܘܒܗ ܒܫܥܬܐ ‎Suse ass‏
ܘܐܬܐܣܝܬ. ܘܐܫܬ ܝܢܬ ܐܢܬܬܐ ܗ̇ܝ. ܟܕ ‎io‏ ܡܬܕܡܪ ‎Jon‏ ܘܡܘܕܐ ܠܐܠܗܐ.
ܐܢܬܬܐ ܬܘܒ ܐܚܪܬܐ ܐܪܡܠܬܐ ܡܣܟܢܬܐ ܐܝܬ ‎Jon‏ - ܘܚܝܠܚܦܐ ܗܘܬ ܐܘܡܢܝܘܬܐ
ܕܨܐܝܪܘܬܐ. ܘܒܗ ܦܠܚ̈ܚܐ ܗܘܬ ܘܥܡܿܠܐ ܠܣܘܢܩܢܗܿ: ܡܿܠܦܐ ܗܘܬ ܕܝܢ ܬܠܝܡܝ̈ܕܬܐ.
ܘܬܪ̈ܬܝܢ ܡܢ ܬܠܡܝ̈ܕܬܗܿ ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܙܒܢܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ‎ντ‏ ܒܗܝܢ.. ܘܢܦܩ̈ܝܢ ܟܕ
ܝ̈ܠܦܝܢ ܘܛܠܡܢܗ ܘܠܐ ܝܗ̈ܒܢ ‎GE‏ ܐܓܪܗܿ. ܘܡܛܠ ܕܟܠ ܕܐܦܢ' ܩܠܝܠ ܐܦ
ܐܢ ܣܓܝ ܡܬܛܠܕܡ ܗܘܐ: ܐܝܟ ܕܠܘܬ ܦܪܘܩܐ ܕܛ̈ܠܝܡܐ ܠܘܬ ‎[Ico‏ ܚܒܝܒ
‎dés‏ ܗܘܐ ܂. ‎ωοι‏ ܗܕܐ ܠܘܬܗ ܐܬܬ . ܘܥܠ ܣܘܥܪܢܗܿ ܐܘܕܥܬܗ. ^ ܘܟܬ ܒ ܐܓܪܬܐ
ܠܗܠܝܢ ܬܥܡܝ̈ܕܬܗ̇ ‎JN os‏ ܕܠܐ ܢܗ̈ܘܝܢ ‎Ed‏ ܒܐܘܡܢܝܘܬܗ̇ܿ ܩܡ
ܕܢܦܪ̈ܥܢܗܿ ܐܓܪܐ ܕܥܡܠܗܿ. ‎ei‏ ܕܝܢ ‎xl‏ ܘܦܛܢܝ̈ܗܝ ‎Ja‏ ܘܠܐ ܩܒ̈ܠܝܢ
ܡܠܬܟ. ‎LES cero‏ ܘܒܗ ‎Lis je Deae‏ ܕܡܪܚܘܬܗܝܢ ܠܗܝܢ ‎pl‏
‏ܕܚܕܐ ܓܝܪ ܠܫܢܗܿ ‎ων‏ ܕܣܟ܂ ܠܐ ܬܡܠܠ. ܘܕܗ݀ܝ ܐܚܪܬܐ ܕܪܥܗ̇ ‎y Jooto use‏

1. * erased.

howling at him and seeking to run away. And the old man stretched out
his hand, and made the sign over her; and he laid an inhibition upon him
and said, « In the name of the Lord you are barred from his ereation 7
And the same hour he went out of lier, and she was healed ; and that woman
became quiet, while evervoue wondered and gave thanks to God.

There was again another poor widow woman, and she had been taught
the art of drawing, and used to practise it and labour at it for her necessities,
and she used to teach pupils. And two of her pupils, after a long time
during which she had spent labour upon them, went away when they had
learned and defrauded her, and did not give her her fee. And, because
everyone who was defranded whether of little or of much had recourse to the
holy Habih as to a deliverer of those who were wronged, this woman came
to him, and informed him of her affair. Aud he wrote a letter to these
pupils of hers the same hour, telling them not to make use of her art till they
paid her the fee for her labour. — But they acted presumptaously and treated
the old man with contempt, aud did nnt comply with his order, and they
began to practise the art, And the same day the sentence for their pre-
sumption overtook them: for the tongue of one was seized with an impediment
so that she could not speak at all, and the arm of the other withered and

"AF.
