30 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [30] la

᾿ ܠܡܢܕܪ̈ܢܝܗܘܢ.. ‎ma rl Jotsole‏ ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܒܪ ‎où fas]‏ ܐܪܝ ܘܝ̣ܣܪܚ ܀ £ ܙ |

‎vb. . ᾿ 1‏
ܓܘ̈ܕܦܘܗܝ ܒܓܠܝܚܐ: ‎ralo‏ ܡܪܬܗ ܒܐܕ̈ܢܚ ‎da Ma‏ ܘܥܝܡܐ ܕܗܪ̈ܛܝܩܘ ܕܚܙܝܢ
‎Ska fs‏ ܐܘܪܓܢܘܢ ܠܪܘܚܐ ܕܓܘ̈ܕܘܝܗܘܢ. ‎asso‏ ܐܢܫ ‎E e|‏ ܡܢ ܬܛܪܗ
ܣܪܝܐ: ‎μᾶμα ο‏ ܕܥܠ ܡܙܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ ܕܒܟܠ ܕܘܟ, ܚܥܠ ܗܘܐ: ܐܝܟ ܡܿܢ ܕܠܝܬܐ
ܗܘܐ ܕܚܠܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܠܘܩܒܠ ܥܢܫ̈ܢܘܗܝ. ܗܝܕܝܢ ܡܢ ‎Lis‏ ܠܘܬܗ ܗܺܝ ‎RP‏
‏ܠܘܬ ܫܒܗܪܢܘܬܗ ܕܐܬܘܪܝܐ ܡܬܐܡܪܐ ܗܘܬ ‎“Rs‏ ܕܥܠ ‎«ὁ‏ ܠܡ ܦܬܚܕܬ
ܦܘܡܟ ܘܐܘܼܪܟܬ ‎“pla‏ ܐܠܐ ܥܠ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܕܐܝܣܪܐܝܠ. ܗܟܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ‎μον‏
‏ܡܚܝܗܝ ‎yrelo “ons Lise‏ ܘܢܦܝܼܩ ‎AM‏ ܡܢ ܦܘܡܗ ‎Rio‏ ܥܠ ܚܕܝܗ,.
‎«δαν» JS Jus‏ ܪܒܐ . ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎lil‏ ܙܒ̈ܢܝܢ ܒܪܗ ܢܼܬܓܙܪ. ܟܕ ܣܘܪܕܐ
‎LS EN.‏ ܡܢ ܚܙܬܗܼ ܠܟܠܗܘܢ ܚܰܙܝܽܘܗܝ ‎mel‏ ܗܘܐ. ܘܒܪܘܢܐ ܬܢܢܝܩܐ ܘܦܘܪܥܢܐ
ܕܓܙ ܪ ‎Lies‏ ܓܠܝܼܝܐ ܕܓܘܕܦܗܼ ܐܓܪ ܗܘܐ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܝܘܡܐ ‎où‏ ܕܚܡܫܐ ‎Jes lass‏
ܛܘܒܢܐ ܘܥܕܐ ‎δι [32.5 δας ele‏ ܕܝܪܥ ܐܠܗܐ ܣܥ ܪ. ܘܒܗ 3024.5[ ‎Vs où‏
ܛܘܒܢܐ ' ܠܝܡ ܗܘܐ܂. ܩܒܠ ܚܦܝܼܪܗܼ ܘܣܦ. ܘܕܚܠܬܐ ܥܡ ܒܗܬܬܐ܂ ‎tAv ON‏

‎τι Mich. pet ins, INR

‎Bat, when that man had hegun to promulgale his blasphernies openly,
and. poured his gall into the ears of the king and the people of the hereties
who rejoiced hat. au instrnment (épaves had heen found for tlie spirit of
their blaspheinies, and thev bad beg one and another to become: drunk
on his fonl dregs, aid he was forging theeata agninst tho believers everywhere,
1 ΠΠ {πὸ fear of Gold was not before. his eyes, then suddenly. that
happened iu his exse whieh: was once said in the ease of the arroganeo of
Hie Assyrian, » Against whom last. Uo opened thy month aud lengthened
Uis longue, save against the Holy one of ‏ܙܣ‎ So therefore the Lord
πλοίο phis. man dn fis longue, uml ib grow long and protruded bevond his
mouth and eame downtobis breast, nizking a fearful siglit With great swelling.
so bat he was twiee lanced in di, while terror and trepidation seized all
who saw hin at the sightof him. And in thix lormeut and manifest sentence
oL requilat for his blaspliemy he lingeved. (ll the. fiftli day of the week?
whieh the. blessed man fixed as the term and sal, « On the fifih dav of the

‎week Ged. will. perform bal he knows ». And on the same day he who

‎boa. vana 2. Mieh add. cof Uie mssleries, se, on Mundi Thursday τ bul this does nol agree
ΑΗ obs ead Mat ib was in the dürsl days οἱ Len,
