[19] LIFE OF ZURA. 10

ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ܩܕܝܡ. ܘܟܕ ‎m Lisa) Je‏ ܘܐܘܕܝ ‎pa) Ja‏ ܠܗ ‎Les,‏
‏ܘܡܚܝܕܗܿ ܒܗ ܒܠܠܝܐ ܟܢܝ ܠܘܬ ‎oisi‏ ܟܕ ܠܐܚܐ ‎où‏ ܕܥܡܗ ܬܚܡ ܕܗܕܐ ‎connais‏
‎Jn‏ ܠܐ ܢܓܠܐ. ‎Lal‏ ܕܐܦ ܠܐ ‎lol ASS oo‏ ܟܕ ܕܚܢ ܐܫܬܡ̣ܥܬ ‎Rss‏
‏ܛܘܒܢܐ ܠܡܒܘܥܐ ‎asus - lasers‏ 95 ܣܓܼ̈ܝܐܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܢܐ ܙܠܘܢ ܢܐܬܒܪܟܘܼܢ ܡܢܗ.
‎ana, La si EMO‏ ܘܥܬܝܪ. ܘܛܝ̈ܦܢ ܐܪ̈ܥܬܗܘܢ ܘܓܙܬܗܘܢ ܒܡܝ ܐ ܆.
ܘܪܗܼܛܘ ܠܡܕܝܢܬܐ. ܘܗܕܐ ܠܐܦܝܚܣܩܘܦܐ܂ ܐܘܕܥܘ. ܘܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܟܠܝܗ ܐܫܬܡܼܥܬ.
ܘܠܬܡܝܢ ‎[esame]‏ ܥܡ ‎Ji5:‏ ܘܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎el. $i»‏ ܘܟܕ ‎ok.‏ ܬܗܼܪܘ ܘܐܘܕܝܘܼ
‎JL, EX Jo] acaso‏ ܠܝܕ̈ܚܠܘܗܝ. ܘܩܪܐܘܗܝ ܠܢܒܥܐ ܗܽܘ܂. ܡܒܘܥܗ ܕܡܪܝ
‎Jess‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܝܘܡܬܐ. ‎Jio‏ ܡܬܩܪܐ܂ ܘܐܼܦ ܥܕܡܐ ‎Lo‏ ܗܢܐ ܚܝܠܐ ܩܕܡܝܐ ..
ܠܘܬܗ ܕܪܒܐ ܗܢܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ ܒܬܠܡܝܕܐ ܕܝܠܗ ܚܘܼܝܬ ̈ ܬܘܒ ܕܝܢ ‎JA aS ση SE‏

‎x n‏ + ܬܩܬ̈ܝܦܐ ܕܗ̈ܘܢܝܐ,. ܘܗܿܢܘܢ ᾿ ‎δα.‏ ܒܚ ܣܢ ܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ‎oe‏ ܘܟܙ ܐܣܬܒܕܪܬ

‏ܕܥܒܪܘܢ. ‎oies‏ ܛܘܒܬܐ | ‎long:‏ 9« ܒܪܝܪܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎"Aus‏ ܐܕܪܟܗ ‎JL‏

‎L Mx, om. point. -- 2. Appy. corr. front Ga.

‎that which existed before. And, when the blessed man saw it, he rejoiced
and thanked God who had done his will; and at once the same night he
departed to his master, having charged the brother who was with him not
to reveal this to men during his life, as he also did not inform his master.
But. when the news was received that the blessed man had gone down to
ihe spring in tlie evening, in the morning many persons gathered together
in order to go and be blessed by hhu; and they see the spring flowing in
a copious and rich stream, and their lands and gardens inundated with
water, and they ran to the city; and. tliey informed the bishop of this..— Aud
the news was received throughout the eity; and the bishop with tlie. judge
and the whole eity directed their steps to tlie place; and when they saw il
they marvelled and gave thauks, and. praised God who does tlie will of them
that fear him. And they called that. fountain ‘Mar Z'ura's spring” to this
day; amd it is even actually so ealled to the present time". This was the
first aet of power which the prayer of this divine master produced in his owu
disciple.

‎Again once the mighty hosts of the Huns eame for h?, and those blessed
meu were in a fortress; and, when it wes thought that they had passed by,

‎1. This clause is perhaps. a seribe's addition,asv. D. und L. 2nggezt. —2. Probably in 515 (5
sub unno; Theophr, A. M. 6008).
