*Afz2
v? b.

6 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [6]

ολ ‏ܠܗܘܢ‎ KR hs ‏ܕܠܒܕ ܐܢܐ ܢܥܒܕ. [ܘ]ܗܕܐ ܠܗ ܘܠܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܠܐ‎ ron
Jos ‏ܠܘܬ‎ ceo ‏)ܡܢܘ ܫܒܝܩܝܢܢ.. ܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ ܙܥܘܙ̈ܝܬܐ ܩܠܝܠ ܡܢ‎ ّ οδό»
|; ‏ܡܢ ܐܬ‎ aseo bo Was ‏ܡܛܠ ܬܫܒܘܚܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܡܿܝܬܝܢܝܢ. ܣܟܐ‎
‏ܪܒܐ ܘܩܕܝܫܐ ܘ݀ܥܒܕ‎ oa ‏ܕܕܘ̈ܦܢܝܐ. ܐܬܬ ܠܡܕ ܕܝܢ ܡܢ ܓܒܪܐ ܕܐܦ‎ Jo ‏ܐܝܬܘܗܝ‎
‏ܩܕܡ‎ "ον ‏ܒܪܢܒܝܠ. ܗܘ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܢܐ‎ joo ‏ܬܕܡܪ̈ܬܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ - ܕܫܡܗ‎
‏ܕܩܕܚܡ ܗܘܐ ܠܝܘ̈ܡܬܢ ܡܦܩܢܗ.. ܟܕ ܛܒ ܗܘ‎ «ὁ ZG + fou D? Lisy
Hossl ‏ܗܘܘ ܠܢ ܥܠ‎ ° hs Jue ble ‏ܪܒܐ ܬܠܡܝܕܗ‎ μοι ‏ܣܟܐ‎
‎μμων vl ‏ܕܡܢ‎ ito] ‏ܪܘܪ̈ܒܬܐ .$5223 ܗܘܐ .. ܐܝܟ ܡܐ ܕܩܐܕܡܢ ܚܢܢ‎
που ου ‏ܐܝ̈ܕܝܢ ܢܗܿܡܐ܂. ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ‎ ο ‏ܕܥܝ̈ܢܝܢ ܠܐ ܣܗܼܕܬ‎
oce) ‏ܗܼܘ ܬܘܒ ܠܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ ܐܬܬܠܡܕ ܗܘܐ‎ sf; ‏ܠܐ ܐܬܩܪܒܢܢ. ܐܝܢܐ‎ où
Si) ‏ܐܗܼܡܝܢܢ.. ܕܒܠܚܘܕ ܕܥܠ ܗܢܐ ܕܒܐ‎ Son ‏ܗܘܐ܂ ܡܪܝ ܕܕܐ. ܕܡܢ ܥܪܒܐ‎
el ‏ܗ݀ܝ‎ QM ‏ܗܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ܩܪܝܬܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ!‎ Jus ‏ܗܘ‎
‏ܗ̇ܝ. ܘܗܝܙܝܢ ܗܢܐ ܛܘܒܢܐ‎ μὰ sp ‏ܠܘܩܕܡ‎ ooo ‏ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ.‎ uso ‏ܪܒܗܼ‎

1. Puinl follows in ms

veli on me shall do greater than these signs which 1 do »‘, we leave this
also to lii aud to those to whom it has not been hard to believe his word,
bringing these lew Wings (a small proportion) to record for the glorv of God.
This holy old man therefore came from the district of Sophanene, and was
trained. by a man who was himself also great and holy and a worker of
miracles. whose name was Bar Nbyl. This divine man therefore was
belore our times: and, inasmueh as his end preceded. our days, though this
great oll. man his disciple and many others used to tell us about the great
marvels which he used to perform, inasmuch as we declared before that we
shall ‏ܣ‎ men in whose case the sight of our eyes has not borne witness
io our handwriting?, lor this reason we have not touched the history of that
sii; who hünself also again was trained by à divine blessed man whose
nane was Mar Dada; which things we have omitted to relate, in order to
tell only the things that coneern this man who was our contemporary, ‏ܣ‎
‎man therefere. eume from à village called F y tr, from which his master
also eame and he first planted that mouasterv, and then this blessed. Habib

1. Job, ‏ܢ(‎ ERE NES
