ΣΑ. rh.

± ΡΤ

v9 b.

^

JOHN OF EPHESUS. 144)

ܥܙܝܙܘܬܗ ܕܛܗܪܐ ܥܠ ܚ ܬܠܐ ܗ݀ܘ. ܟܕ »4 ‎ls‏ ܗܿܢܘܢ ‎JL"‏ ܡܘܩܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܡܢ

ܚܘܡܐ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܬܘܒ ‎Lj So‏ ܗܘܘ.. ‎Teo‏ ܬܡܢ ܬܘܒ ܐܸܬܪܕܦܘ. ܘܗ݀ܘ

ܡܕܡ ܕܡܝܢ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܐܫܬܕܪ ܠܗܘܢ.. ܡܝܢ ܗܪ̈ܛܝܩܘ° ܐܫܬܩܼܠ.. ܟܕ ܐܦ
ܗܕܐ ܠܛܘܒܢܐ܂ ‎br age‏ ܗܘܬ . ܟܕ ‎S2] NETT‏ ܡܢܢ ܝܘܩܪܐ ‎Lis‏
‏ܕܒܬܪ ܪ̈ܘܚܢܝܬܐ' ‎os‏ ܡܢ ܕܚܢ ‎Cr‏ ܠܗ ‎«n μον‏ ܒܐܓ ܘܢܐ
° ܕܣܗܕܘܬܐ ܕܪܕܝܦܘܬܐ' ܫܢ̈ܝܐ ‎ο ο ας‏ ܪܗܛܗܐ . ܘܐ ܙܠ
ܠܘܬ ‎μα. Ἰμοδἱ‏ ܩܕܡ ‎κ΄‏ ܙܒܢܐ ܕܘܠ ܡܗ ܕܩܕܝܬܐ: ‎κ.‏ ܠܘܬܗ ‎che!‏

ܗܘܝܢ: ܟܕ ܥܡܡܥܬܐ ‎μα». JS‏ ܕܢܦ̈ܩܢ ܗܘܝ ܡܢ ‎das‏ ,: ܐܦܝܣܢܝܗܝ ‎Root‏

ܕܢܐܡܪ ܠܢ .. ܕܐܝܢܐ ܕܘܒܪܐ ܡܬܚܝܼܙܐ ܠܗ ܕܪܒ ܘܡܫܬܪ ܩܕܡ ܐܠܗܐ .:. ‎ao‏ ܪܟܐ
ܕܕܘܒܪ̈ܐ ܕܡܝܬܪܘܬܐ. ܗܘ ܕܝܢ ‎Je ase] Jisa‏ ܕܡܕܡ ܕܪܒ ܩܕܡ ܐܠܗܐ: ܡܢ
ܫܘܥܒܕܐ ܕܡܫܡܠܝܩ ܒܐܝܠܝܢ ‎où Ress;‏ - ܒܟܠܗܘܢ ܙ̈ܗܛܐ ܕܙܕܝܩܘܬܐ܂ ܠܐ
ܐܝܬ. ܗܢܐ ܕܠܓܘ ܡܢܗ ܡܣܝܟܝܢ.. ܟܠܗܘܢ ‎Ji‏ ܕܡܫܝܬܪܘܬ|̇”! ܕܡܚܩܪܒܝܢ

LP. ‏.ܐܦ ܠܢ‎ us Clé : ‏,ܐ‎ dp aee CP ‏,ܪ — ܐܠܪܐܛܝܩܘ‎ À ‏ܘܽܘܚܢܐ‎ — 3 Pom. 1:1), Ὁ 6. B
‏ܒܐܟܦܣܘܪܝܐ‎ oc» od, o ‏ܢܫܠܡ‎ ΤῊ À sing, P Bol. — s Pins. ‏ܕܝܢ‎ — 9. P om. —- 10, C ou. If. do ‏ܐܡܓ‎ τ τ
τι. In B dle 0 9 are in marg. P3 — i2. P ius, ‏ܡ‎

a large jar with coll water and lung ΠΕ on it: and he continued knceling
over against it on that sand all through the extreme noondav heat, while
we were parehed even by the shade in eonsequence of the heat. Again,
when they had passed a short (imo, they were again driven from that place
also, and that. whiicli had been sent to them by the grace of God was
taken by the hereties, while this also gave much pleasure {ο the. blessed
man, who said, « They have relieved us of a bodily burden that we may run
after spiritnal Things »..— But, after twelve vears had been completed by tlie
holy John in the conflict five of tlie martyrdoin of perseeution, he ended [is
course in the sume exile εἑξορίαὶ, and went lo the mansious of rest". Before
the tune of the saints end, when we were with him. when 1 had. heard the
words of grace tiat used to come out of his inoutl, we entreated him lo
pellus what liue of virtue seemed to him to be greater and more excellent than
lie other lines in God's stght..— The blessed. manu said τ D. « Among all the
courses of justice uothing 18 greater in God's sight than subinission that is

perfect in performing its obligations, in whiehli are comprised all the types of

LOTS ΕΠ

