0

à LIFE OF HABIB.

ܬܫܥܝܬܐ ܩܕܡܝܬ݀ܫ= ܕܣܒܐ ܪܒܡ ܘܐܠܗܝܝܙ ‎ΔἸ‏

‎[ines‏ ܕܬܫܥܝܬܗ ܕܓܒܪܐ ܗܢܐ ‎JS Jm Lo»‏ ܕܐܢܫ ܕܠܐ ܩܢܛܐ
‎Jin] au ores‏ ܕܒܬܪ̈ܝܝܢ ‎win) Jens xix‏ ܡܢ ܫܪܒܪܘ. ‎λογο‏
‎c9‏ ܗܺܝ ‎polos on‏ ܐܲܦܘ̈ܗܝ ܕܢܣܝܟ” ܬܕܡܪ̈ܬܐ ܘܚܚ̈ܝܠܐ ܬܡܝ̈ܗܐ ܘܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ..
ܘܐܬܘ̈ܬܐ ܕܚܝ̈ܠܬܐ ‎νο‏ ܕܒܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ܣܥܪ ܗܘܐ: ‎ho QAM où‏ ܠܕܚܠܘ̈ܗܝ܂.
ܠܟܐ ܡܝܢ ܣܟܐ ܡܿܟܬܪܿ. ° ܡܛܠ ‎eh‏ ܙܥܘܪ ܗܘ ܠܥܢ ܒܣܪܐ܂. ܘܠܐ ܣܦܩܝܢ
ܦܘ̈ܡܐ ‎Lin} Liu)‏ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎cas‏ ܢܡܠܠ. ܘܗܪܟܐܼ ‎JS‏ ܗܝ ܕ ܕܡ«
ܡܝܕܘܕܐܝܬܐ ܘܦܟܝܪܐܝܬܐ. ܐܢܫ ܠܚܡܐ ‎bo‏ ܪܒܐ ܘܐܠܗܝܐ ‎Pipe MS spe In‏
ܒܝܕ ܗ݀ܝ ܕܠܐ ܣܦܩ! ܠܕܡܘ̈ܬܗ ܫܡ̈ܒܝܢܝܬܐ:. ܠܘܐ ‎xx» Ίαν...‏ | ܕ]ܫܘܦܪ̈ܐ
ܪ̈ܘܚܢܚܝܐ ‎oye‏ ܕܬܪ̈ܬܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܂. ܕܐܼܦܢ ܢ̈ܬܬܢܝܢ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܬܐ ܘܬܡܝ̈ܪܗܬܐ ‎Ro‏ ܕܒܐܝ̈ܕܝ
‎X LM‏ ܦܫܝܩ ܕܢܣܬܠܕ̈ܢ: ܕܒܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ܐܠܗܐ ‎Rx‏ ܕܠܡܐ ܟܐܡܕܬ
ܢܗܽܘܝܢ ܥܛܠ̈ܝܢ ܠܡܬ ܗܝܡܢܘ.. ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܟܕ ܪܒܘܬܗܝܢ ܝܗܽܒܝܝܢ ܚܬܢ ‎ois uli‏

‎xo ‏ܒܝ 205 ܡܝܢ‎ 20ο) ‏ܕܟܠ‎ pool ‏ܡܿܟܪܒ܆.‎ flo ‏ܗܘ‎ i43) où

‎1 A word seeins lo have been here erased, — 2, Point follows in nts, Me (3. — 4 Point

‎follows hi us.

‎1. — Une FIRST nisTOnY, OF TUE GREAT AND DIVINE ΟΙ MAX 11111

‎The relation of the history of this apostolice man Habib it is not easy
lor any man to approach withont lear to narrate it, inaswuueb as on botli
sides à cause of alarm springs from the relating of it: first, the fact that tlie
man who sets himself to enumerate the marvellous and great miracles and
acts of power, and fearful and apostolic signs, wlüehi lie who performs the will
of those who fear him wrought through him will fall short of the sum; since
à tongue of tlesl is indeed too small, and human months are not sullicient,
to speak of him as he is: and here there i5 danger lest à man wish to depict
this great and divine sea in an ill-ordered. aud faulty. manner, and *, dimi-
nishing his heavenly features hecause he is mot sullicient for them, finally
incur the condemnation of a corrapter of spiritual beautiea; secondly, even
if the great and marvellous deeds that can he eesily wrought through
apostles only which God wrought through liii be narrat, lest they he as
it were hard to believe: but, commiiting tie greatness of these 10. the
knowledge of him who is true and does not Hie, who said, « Whoever belie-

‎1. Ms. oni.

‏ܩ ×«

‏ܡ =
