* 4 ‏ܐ‎ 7
v'a

‎JOHN OF EPIESUS. 0040‏ 24
‎"ΕΙ ολα»‏ ܘܐܟܝܪܟ ܒܙܘܪܐ ܟܡܐ ‎«ο‏ ܒܚܡܬܐ ܥܙܝܙܬܐ.. ܘܢܩܕܫ ܥܠ
‎Step‏ ܗܼܘ ܠܢܦܢܗܼ ‎polo‏ ܕܐܢܬܘܢ ܐܝܬܐܝܟܘܢ ܡܪ̈ܘܕܐ ܘܡܶܚܒܝܠܢܐ.. ܘܣܘܢܗܕܘܣ
‎μα‏ ܘܠܐ ܡܩܒܠ ‎b]‏ ܬܘܒ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܐܠܡܥ ܡܢܟܘܢ ‎UNS‏ ܘܐܠܘ ‎Jas‏
‏ܗܘܝܬܘܢ.. ‎Janus‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܝ ܐܠܗܐ ܒܐܝ̈ܕܝܟܘܢ ܐܬ ܐ. ܘܗܽܘ ܕܡܿܡܚܪܡ ܠܣܘܢܗܕܘܣ܂
ܥܡ ܚܫ̈ܘܗܝ ܡܬ݀ܟܬܫ. ܘܟܕ ܗܕܐ ܟܠܗ ܡܬܬܙܝܥܢܘܬܐ ‎[oj oo‏ ܪܒܐ ‎AA‏
‎(cad‏ ܪ̈ܘܪܒܢܐ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܟܕ ‎jew: Jp‏ ܡܘܬܐ ܥܠ ܡܶܝܢ ‎Xeno‏

‏ܠܣܘܢܗܕܣ.. ‎NM‏ ܒܛܝ̣ܢܢܐ ‎oso‏ ܠܒ ܗ ܒܓܘܗ ܐܝܡ ܡܐ ܕܟܬܝܒ,. ܘܒܓܘܫܡܗܼ
ܐܚܕܬ ‎[αυ‏ ܘܨ ܒܪܫܥܬܗ ܠܩܘܒܬܠܗܼ ܘܐܡܼܪ. ܕܣܘܢܗܕܘܣ ܗܳܝ ‎Meer‏ ܠܡܫܝܚܐ
ܡܪܢ.. ܠܘ ܒܠܚܘܕ ‎nee‏ ܐܠܐ ܐܦ ܡܢ ‎Join Los Lis‏ ܘܡܛܠ ‎"ΕΣ‏
‏ܒܥܐ ‎No]‏ ܠܡ̈ܒܗܝܡܢܐ ܐܬܘ̈ܬܐ܂ ܠܐ ‎assise‏ ܐ݀ܬܐ ܓܝܪ ‎£x»‏ ܡܙܟ ܠܐ ܢܚܘܐ
ܠܟ ‎JI bise‏ ܒܟ ‎“pis‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎κα...‏ ܒܚ ܘܒܬܐ ‎[Les‏ + ܟܕ ܐܦ ܠܘܝܚ̈ܡܐ
ܥܠ ܛܘܒܢܐ ‎ο so‏ ܗܘܘ. ܒܬܪ ܕܝܢ ' ‎JE] ος.‏ ܗܝ ‎Nes‏ ܐܝܟ ܡܠܬܗ
ܕܛܘܒܢܐ܂ ܒܗ ܐܬܚܙܝܬ. ܟܕ ܒܼܠܥ ܥܠ ‎Wo Malo qui‏ ܗܘܢܗ. ܘܚܦܝܗ ܥܘܒܝܢܐ

‎clenehed his fist (ΟἹ as tightly as he could in violent rage, and struck. himself
upon 1116 breast and said, « Yon are apostates and corruplers, and the synod
is true, and 1 will not consent to hear these things against it from vou any
more, and. if vou were true men, God would show me a sign by your hands.
Aud he who anathematizes the synod. contends with his life ». On all this
eomniotion taking place greut terror overwlielmed all the magnates; but the
blessed man, when he saw that he had decreed death against anyone who
anathematized tho svnod, was kindled with zeal and his heart became hot
within him as H 18 written. and fire seized his body ', and | he
went straight against him, and said : « The synod which divided Christ our
Lord is anathemalized not. ouly by us, but also by the angels of heaven,
Aud, since you seek a sign. bv believers sigas are not required; but the
Lord will not show von a sign outsiile vou, but in vour own (0 And so
he? went out in. violent vage, while threats were also being forged. against
the blessed man. But after à day the sign for which hie asked appeared in
hàm according 10 the blessed man's saving. in that ho was smitlen upon his
lead, ul his understanding was taken away: mul a fearful swelling 0
him ὃν mil humau shape was not recoguised in him, insomuel that his wife,

‎1 < < Χο δὲ ἀν τον ὃν Ke, Juslinian — τς Mic. who repouts this passage Front our Lext 7 his face’,

‎0) his ‏ܓ‎ as et Proc. Hést. Arc; xn, 23: and in lie stors ΠΕ there follows fln monk is perbaps
L'ura.
