‎LIFE OF ZUR. 25‏ ]25[
‎ΕΝ‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܕܠܐ ܐܬܝܕܥܬ ܒܗ ܕܡ̣ܘܬܐ ܕܒ̈ܥܝܢܫܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܐܢܬܬܗ ܐܝܕܐ ‎edi‏
‏ܨܢܝܥܐ ܗܘܐ . ܟܣܝܐܝܬ ܒܬܐܘܘܢܐ ‎ο‏ ܕܠܐ ܢܬ݀ܝܕܥ ܠܝܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܕܡܝܕܼܬ ܠܗ
ܡܢ ܟܕܘ. ‎Je‏ ( ܐܣ̈ܘܬܐ ‎κὐλ‏ ܘܩܒܘܩܠܪ̈ܐ ‎ασ JJ Cl‏ ܠܐܢܫ ܢܥܘܠ ܠܘܬܗ.
ܟܕ ܡܥܕܪܐ ܡܶܦܝܣܢܐ ܠܘܬ ܛܘܒܥܐ.. ‎Ds‏ ܝܕܠܐ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܕܢܩܘܡ.. ܘܡܚܕܗܿ ܐܥܒܕ
ܬܝܬܐ ܒܥܕܬܐ. ܘܟܙ ܗܕܐ ܡܠܬܐ ܐܩܫ ܕܡܬ ܠܗ . ܐ ܙܠ ܘܚܙܝܗܝ܂ ܘܟܕܪܝܬܐ ‎polo «ο‏
ܠܘܬܗ. ܗܐ ܐܬܐ ܕܒܕܥܝܬ. ‎pass‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ‎Ia‏ ܘܒܘ̇ ܒܫܥܬܐ ‎Jo‏ ܗܘܢܗ ܥܠܘܗܝ..
ܘܐܫܬܘܕܥܗ ‎Jac‏ ܘܚܝܼܕܥ,. ܕܡܛܠ ܕܫܛܗ ܓܕܕܢܗ ܗܟܢܐ. ܘܡܦܝܣ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ
ܕܢܨܠܐ ܥܠܘܗܝ ‎«ys Nay‏ ܘܢܥܒܕ ܟܠ ‎ass‏ ܟܕ ܗܼܘ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܡܪ ܠܗ . ܕܗܕܐ
‎Jr‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܢܕܣܝܬ ܠܡܪܝܐ $98 ܐܝܟ | ܡܗܝܡܢܐ:. ‎JA} Rosso‏
ܘܡܟܝܠ ‎ολο!‏ ܕܛܘܒܬܐ ‎Nou‏ ܥܠܘܗܝܢ. ܘܒܕܚܠܬܐܼ ‎ανό‏ 9 ܗܘܐ ‎Sas o‏
ܡܕܡ . ܒܠܚܘܕ ‎Jess Fo‏ ܡܛܘܠ ܕܥܕܟܝܠ ܠܐ ܛܡ ܝܠܡܘ ° ܗܘܘ ܚܘ̈ܒܝܗܘܢ
ܕܐܡܘܪ̈ܝܐ܂. ܠܐ ܐܩܼܚܡ. ܐܠܐ ܡܢ ܗܝ ܠܙܝܙܘܬܐ ܘܡܢ ܗܠܝܚܝܢ ‎RCA‏ ܦܝܼܫ. ܟܕ
ܡܟܝܠ ‎odas y JI‏ ܕܣܒܐ:. ‎ases‏ ܠܟܠܗܘܢ ܡܗ̈ܝܡܢܐ ‎dass‏ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ

‎1. Mich. p. 232; ins, MS. — 2. » over an erasure, — 2, Ms. wo.

‎who was very eunning, hid him secretly in the 0 that. i might not
be known to the eitv that he was already. dead, and except two. physieians
and two chuuberlans she did not allow anyone to come in to him, while
she sent intercessors to the hlessed mau to ask him (o come and. prav for
him that he might recover, and he would at once make peace in the church.
And, this message having roused him, lie went and saw him, and he was
sorry; and he said to him: « Lo! tbe sign which vou sought »..— And tlie
blessed man made à prayer, and the sune hour his nnderstanding returned
to him, and he recognised the old man and knew that it it had «o happened to
him because he had set him at naught: aud he went on entreatiug him to
pray for him thai he might be healed, aud he might do all that be ordered;
while the blessed man said to him : « This happened Lo vou, because. you
tempted ihe Lord your God like an uuheliever, and songht a sign ». And
thenceforth the dread of the blessed mau fell upon hii, iid i fear he used
to assent to liis request« in everything; onlv the state P the eliureli he did
not set right, because tlie. delinqueneies of the. Amorites were perhaps. not
yet full; but he ceased. that violence and these threats, while the power of

‎the old man's prayer thenceforward gave freedom of action παῤῥησία) to all

‎MEN
‎v^
