‎LIFE ΟΕ JOUN ΤΗΕ NAZIRITE. T‏ ܨ
‎[NE‏ ܒܚܫܐ ܠܘܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܢܐܬܐ ܠܐܝܠܗ'.. ܘܢܫܘܙܒܗ` ܡܢ ‎ous‏ ܘܡܢ ܛܢܦܘܬܗ.
‎fau‏ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܢܐ ܐܚܘܢ ܥܠ ‎JL jo [x3‏ ܘܚܢ̈ܓܬܐ ‎oà aus ° DER‏
ܕܨ̈ܒܐ' ‎σα‏ ܡܢܗܐ ܘܢܛܪ ‎flans‏ ܕܫܪܪܐ܇ ‎rio‏ ܡܢ ܟܠܗ ܛܘܠܢܐ
‎Jimss‏ ܘܕܪܘܚܐ. ܘܒܨܝܪܘܬ ' ܡܐܟܠܺܬܐ܂ ‎lese‏ ܡܢ ‎"Νας [eas‏
ܡܛܠ ‎lege)‏ ܛܥܘ̈ܡܐ ܕܡ̈ܐܟܠܬܐ ܗܘܬܐ ‎vu]‏ ܥܡܝܩܬܐ'. ܕܠܝܬ ‎Mas‏
‎Aus‏ ܩ ܝܡܐ . ܙܗܝܪܘܬ| ‎let‏ ܕܡܢ ܙܢܝܘܬܐ.. ܠܐ ‎γα.‏ ܕܗܕܐ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܐܝܬܝܗܿ.
‎la:‏ ܓܕܠܝܐ ܕܦܓܪܐ°! ܠܘܬ ‎Je?‏ ܐܠܐ ‎Hj&ss [ο P fossae‏ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ܂. ܗ݀ܝ
ܙܢܚܘܬܐ ܟܼܣܝܬܐ ܕܠܒܐ ܘܕܚܘ̈ܫܒܐ ‎Ro)‏ ܗ݀ܝ ܕܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܡܢܗ̇ ܘܳܠܐ ܠܡܼܙܕܗܪܘ
‎ado‏ ܚܦܝܛܐܝܬ. ܡܛܠ ‎Re il IR y‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܗܝܢ
ܚܦܝܛܝܢ ‎fils‏ ܡܖ̈ܘܕܐ ‎SN [xmas‏ ܡܢ ܕܒܓܕܠܝܐ:. ‎SR‏ ܘܥܠܡܿܛܟܥܘ
ܘܠܡܿܛܘܢܘܐܐ ‎Là frais‏ ܕܕܟܝܘܬܐ ‎Liokaso sel‏ : ܡܝܦܘܪ̈ܣܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ

‎1. Pos ILU. — 2, À appy. eorr, from ΟΕ mesrame. ἀν CPoomo ἂν Podus
hs. — 5, B. eua — ο deleted in À — ‏ܕ‎ B ‏ܗܒܒܨܝܪ ܗܬ‎ P ‏ܬܟܒ ܝܪܘܬ‎ sop ‏ܕܡܢ‎ flame. 4h,
pl. — I9. BP ‏ܡ‎ — 11. A leaf is here missing in P. Ihe laenna reaching lo p. 38, E. ΤΙ 12. ti oti,

‎— 43. Cine «e. — 15. B. ‏ܐ[ .15 ܝ ܟܐܥܠܦܐ‎ sages ago. --- [ns pol ati ‏ܐ ܙܙܐ:; ܗ‎

‎κίον aud darkener of the soul. and will erv iu atllictiou to God to come
to his aid, and reseue him from his fraud. aud. froin his filthiness? ni tlic
ease therefore of this passion. our brother. he who wislies 16 escape from

‎it and. keep true purity, and be purified from all pollution of the flesh aud of

‎the spirit, needs tears and pravers and many sobs, and pareitv of food. aud
abstinence from dishes of varving tastes. because the desire of dishes that
please the taste are* à deep cavern in which is no standing-vround. But
think not that precaution against fornication ἐς this only. precaution against
that whieli consists in the open contact of body with body. but that also
which is many. times greater than this. the κοστος fornieation of the heart
and of the tliouglits, is that against which we ought to take special preeau-
tions and be diligently on our guard: because mans are the wiles by. which

‎the rebellious fiends endeavour in secret fashion rather than in that which is-

‎open to cheat and submerge and defile the soul that promises purity to its
Lord, and strive by their deceits rather than that which (s open! to stain
and submerge with many kinds of filthinesses, from the mention of whieh

‎"how
