‎JOUX OF EPHESUS. [26]‏ 26
ܘܕܒܟܠ ܐܬܪ ‎.5οω‏ ܗܘܐ . ܘܟܢ̈ܘܫܝܐ܂ ‎πο “μὰς‏ ܗܺܝ ܕܠܘܚܡܐ
ܕܡܘܬܐ ܩܕܡ ܡܐܬܝܬܗ ‎sl joo PEN‏ ܥܠ ‎ska, We‏ ܗܘܐ ܥܒܕ ‎Laos‏
‏ܘܛܝܒܗ ܕܛܘܒܬܬܐ ܙܥܘܐܐ.. ܥܕܡܐ ܠܪܗܘܡܐ ‎Je‏ ܟܕ ܐܬܘ̈ܬܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܘܚܥ̈ܠܐ ‎Ja‏
‏ܒܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ‎Jon £x‏ + ܘܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܟܠܗܢ ܠܘܬܗ ܪܗܼܝܛܐ ‎lou‏ ܘܩܬܚܘܡܐ ܕܡܣܶܟܢܐ܂
ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܒܐܬܪܗ ‎Joo rA‏ ܟܕ ‎JL. ὅδο 15305 Lisa‏ ܠܘܐ ‎faits‏ ܘܣܘ ܢܩܠܝܛܝܩܘ
ܟܠܗܘܢ'.. ܡܢܗ ‎«Naso‏ ܗܘܘ. ܟܕ ܟܠ ‎οἱ eos‏ ܬܟܬܘܦܐ ܕܚܠܝܦ
ܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ. ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ‎«Ὁ‏ ܙܒܬܐ ‎μιϑοκ joo‏ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎Has‏ +
ܗܼܘ ܗܽܘ ܕܠܕܘܟܪܢܐ ‎Ja Ja‏ ܕܒܗܽܘ ܙܒܢܐ ܒܪܗܘܡܐ ܦܛܪܝܪܟܐ ‎ES‏ ܗܘܐ: ܕܫܡܗ
ܗܘܐ ‎mas‏ + ܥܕܠܬܐ ܩܪܬܗܼ ܘܢܕܚܬ ܗܘܐ ‎RUN‏ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ. ܒܪܢܫܐ ܡܿܓܕܦܢܐ
‎Je‏ ܐܝܢܐ ܕܣܓܝ ܙܥܘܪܙ̈ܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܓܘ̈ܕܦܐ ܕܒܝܬ ‎exa [λος Jas‏
ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܠܗ. ‎où‏ ܕܐܠܘ ‎ο Les Sa‏ ܐܕܪܡ ‎mano‏ ܥܠ ܓܘ̈ܕܦܘܗܝ..
ܗܢܐ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ ‎hs‏ ܗܘܐ ܕܙܐܦܩ. ܕܫܡܗܿ ܕܛܘܒܢܝܫܬܐ ‎Lo‏ ܐܠܗܐ ‎(pese)‏ ܟܘܠ

‎ΣΑΕ Ν

‎1. Graninar requires he addition of o3», but {be sentence is completed in another way. 2. Ms.
E 4 Me Pez» eorr. v, 1. ΕΠΙ ως ἂν MS ‏ܚ ܐܟܠܝܗ‎ ὃν Ms, ‏ܚܝ .ܐܶܓܦܛܝܣ‎ 6, Ms, om.

‎the believers in every ety and in every. place, and they openly. held. assem-
blies, which! before his coming the threal of death was decreed, against
anyone who was discovered. holding an assembly, And the fame of the
blessed Z'ura reached as far as Rome, while God eontinued lo work signs
and. deeds of power through him, and the whole city resorled. to. him, and
be was made prolector of the poor as m his country, while many great alfairs
were resolved by him hefore the king and all 0 senators. evzxxs uxo, while
every day lie was engaged in the same contest on behalf ol the αν After
the Blessed man hid been some (me in the royal city, the man deserving
οἳ evil memory who had at that time been made patriareh in Rome, whose
nane was Agapetus, was καπου hy some eause, and went down to the
royal ον ὃν a inan. who was a grievous blasphemer, in comparison of whose
blisphenies those of the followers of. Paul οὐ Samosata were very. small:
“ho. if sentence from heaven had not oxertaken. him and suppréssed his
hlasphemies, was about io issue tliis order. thal the name of the Blessed

‎Mars the? God-hearcr should not be conmmemerated in the ehureh at all,

‎| < τν, 2 ||: ot dle eame on à pnlilicst omission from king VH hieodahat Lib. Pouf. τα
1 Mason

‎ο...
