[xiii] INTRODUCTION. xin

the only evidence of acquaintance with any other Greek writer is an erroneous
citation from Ignatius in ch. 24, and that may come from a Syriae translation.
Though he was a fervent Monophysite, he shows little interest in theology,
and in contrast to his contemporary, the so-called Zacharias, includes no
theolugical document in his works except the Ilenoticon, Even in the
account of the Tritheite controversy in 1. E., v, 1-12, where some iheology
seems to be imperatively required, his theology is confined to a few sülted
formulae, except thatin ch. 8 he gives two short citations from the arguments
at the conference. ‘The only other theological argument in his works is
the report of the debate with the Nestorians in the life of Simeon of Peth
Arsham (p. 148), and that is put into Simeon's mouth, and is probably derived
either;from his own lips or from the books which John inherited from liim '.
llis chronological statements are aften loose or even wild, of which many
instances are given iu the notes 51

As an appendix to the genuino lives Land published a louger life of
James, which is attributed to John and was taken by Land to be his; but its
spuriousness was clearly proved by Klevn? aud was admitted by v. Douwen
and Laud in their translation; and its character is so obvious that | need not
oeeupy space by repeating the arguments here. For the sake of completeness
however, and because Land's text is taken from an inferior ms., 1 have
re-edited it with the genuine lives. It is coutained in three mss.: (1) Ber-
lin Sachau 321 (S), of the end of the 8" cent. * (f. 166 r* b). This is perhaps
the best of all Syriae hagiographical mss.; and, where we have it, we rarely
need io emend or follow another ms. ; but the last leaf of this life is unfor-
tunately lost. For the text of this ms. [ am indebted to a photograph which
the kind assistance of Professor Allgeier enabled me to procure. (2) Paris
Syr. 235 (N), of the 13" cent. (f. 315 v^), which I have eonsulted in a photo-
graph which Monseigneur Graffin with his usual kindness supplied. — This
seems to be a not very good copy of S, aud 1 have therefore not as ἃ rule
recorded its variants, hut have supplied the lost final leafof Sfromit. (3) Brit.
Mus. Add. 12174(C). Sce above. p. vii. The text ofthis ms. (f. 285 va) is a later
paraphrastie version of the life, in which some stories are omitted because the
scribe did not think them edifying. — lt was from this ms. only that the life was
published by Land, and the fall text is therefore now published forthe first time.

'This life is followed in S and C by a short narrative of the theft of the
reliesof James by the monks of Fsiltha, which bas been most carcfully edited
with illuminating introduction and commentary by M. Kugener in M. Clngnet's
ibl. Hagiogr. Orientale, M, p. 5. As the document is closely. connected
with the life preceding I have added it here; but, though 1 have eollated both

1. P. 158, — 2. P. 83,85, 04, 95, 157, 193, 210, 291, 200, besides many in part 2. —
3. Jac. Baradaeus, p. 105. — 4. Sce p. xiv, n. 4.
