"AL
rb.

‎JOIN OF EPHESUS. [8]‏ 4
ܬܘܗܝܐ ܟܠ ܡܕܡ ܕܐܡܿܪ ‎Jon‏ ܡܛܠ ‎µη‏ ܛܢܢܕܗ ܘܛܐܘܝܒܗ ܘܚܪܝܦܘܬ ܨܒܝܢܗ.
ܗܘ ܕܝܢ ܡܪܗ ܕܚܡܪܐ ܟܕ ܫܕܡܥ. ܒܘܙ̈ܟܘܗܝ ܚܕܐ ܠܚܕܐ ܢܕܩܫ܂. ܟܕ ܕܚܝܠ..
ܕܕܡ ܐܦ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܚܝܠܗ̇ ܕܠܘܛܬܗ ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ܢܣܝܼܡܘܟ. ܘܩܡ ‎νο‏ ܟܘܠܗܘܢ
ܟܪ̈ܛܚܣܘܗܝ܂ ܘܐܘܒܠ ܐܢܘܢ ܠܗ. ܘܐܦܝܣܗܼ ܕܢܫܒܘܩ ܠܗ. ܬܘܒ ܕܝܢ ܓܒܪܐ ‎Li)‏
‏ܒܩܪܝܬܐ ܐܚܪܬܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܥܬܝܪܐ܂. ܕܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ‎σον‏ ܥܬܝܩܬܐ܂ ܡܢ
‎Lus‏ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܬܐ. ܘܐܦ ‎be‏ ܒܝܿܐܙ ‎Jon‏ ܠܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ. ‎olle‏ ܐܡܪܘ ܠܗ ܠܛܘܒܢܐ
ܡܛܥܬܗ. ܘܢܦܝܼܩ ܕܢܐܙܠ ܠܘܬܗ. ܘܟܕ ‎JET sus Jon σας‏ ܩܡ ܐܝܟ ‎v»‏
‏ܕܠܐ ‎Ses‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܛܒܬܐ .. ܘܟܩܝܼܠ ܐܢܘܢ ܠܟܪ̈ܛܝܣܐ ܗܢܘ ܕܝܢ ܠܐܫܛܛܪ̈ܐ..

‏ܘܐܪܦܝܗܼ ‎oise‏ ܘܟܕ ‎wma‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܐܬܬܥܝܘ܂ ܘܐܡܼܪ. ° ܕܡܛܠ ܕܗܟܢܐ ܡܛܝܒ :

‏ܗܘܐ ܕܒܝܢܗ ‎Jes‏ ܠܘܬ ܗܠܝܝܢ ܡܣ̈ܟܢܐ.. ܐܢ ‎μ᾽‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܒܦܘܪܩܢܗܘܢ..
ܬܘܒ ܠܐ ܢܚܙܘܢܝܗܝ܂ ܠܥܠܡ. ܘܒܗ ܒܠܠܝܐ܂ ‎Jia Nae‏ ܗܽܘ. ‎JS, ao‏
ܥܠ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܕܫܡܕܥܘ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ‎lise‏ ܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ܂ ‎Lisams‏ ܕܫܘܒܟܢܐ ܡܬܗܦܟ
ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܦܘܪܩܢܐ ܠܡܣ̈ܟܢܐ ܗܘܐ ܗܘܐ ,. ܘܬܫܒܘܚܬܪܗܘܐ ܣܝܓܝܐ ܗܘܬ. ܐܢܬܬܗ ܕܝܢ

‎LM. ‏[ܘܬܫܒܘܚܬܐ‎ eorr, vi D and 12

‎saut without delay, because he saw his 2001 and readiness and the keenness
οἱ Παν purpose. But, wheu the owner of the ass heard it, his knees knocked
together in fear, lest tie. power of the saints eurse should light upon him
also; and he arose and took. all his parehments y42zzz;, and brought them
to him, and entreated bim to. forgive. him. — Again there was another rich
man in another village, who had an ancient. debt, many vears old: and he
also used 10 plunder many. people; and they came and told the blessed man
abont him, and he set out to go to him. And, when he heard Lo! Πορ
is coming", inasmuchi as he was not prepared to do good, he arose and took
the parehments χάρτης, 1. e. the deeds, and left him and Hed. And. when
the blessed man heard it lie was distressed and said : « Because his will was
ius prepared to do evil toward these poor men, if God wills their deliverance,
let tiem never see fiim again ον Aud the same night that man died, and
fear fell on all who heard it And the blessed. man went. on continuine
to busy himself. greatly. in matters of debt-remission, becoming ἃ delive-
{

‎ranes for the poor and 1145 fame increasing, Bat the wife of the man

‎CET
