H

/

[3] AUTHOR'S PREFACE. 3

ܕܟܕ ܛܒ ܩܕܡ ܝܘ̈ܡܬܐ ‎Hoslls μοι solo Wo‏ ܕܒܚܝܕܙ̈ܝܢ.. ‎ssès‏ ܐܢܐ ‎ooop‏
‏ܘܐܦ ܐܝܬ ܐܢܫܐ ܓܢܒܪ̈ܐ ‎EN‏ ܕܐܢܐ ܣܟ ܠܒܪ ܡܢ ܐܝܠܝܢ ‎«οὐ.‏
‏ܗ݀ܘܝܬ ܒܚܕ ܚܕ ܡܢ ܣܘܒܪ̈ܢܝܗܘܢ ܒܙܒܢܐ ‎ο JE‏ ܕܫܪܪܗܘܢ ܠܥܘܗܕܢܐ
‎Rs Ass‏ ܐܝܕܝ ܠܐ ܐܬܠ. ‎οἱ; vM‏ ܥܡܝ ܕܝܠܝ ܐܦ ܫܪܟܐ ‎Mis Qoo»‏
‎x3‏ ܣܗ̈ܕܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܕܫܪܪܗܘܢ܇. ‎fashi;‏ ܗܿܢܘܢ ܓܢܒܪ̈ܝ ܒܕܘܒܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ‎ox» Na]‏
ܐܝܠܝܢ ‎Jus,‏ ܕܚܕ ܚܕ ° ܡܢܗܘܢ.. ܡܢ ܙܥܘܪܘܬܐ ܕܝܠܝ܂ ܥܕܡܐ ‎δαν‏
‏ܕܝܠܗܘܢ ܗܽܘܝܬ. ܕܡܢܗܘܢ ‎Doro‏ ]15[ ܫܟܝܼܒܘ.. ܘܡܢܗܘܢ ܒܗܢܐ ܙܒܢܐ. ܘܡܢܗܘܢ
ܥܕܟܝܠ, ܒܦܓܪ ‎vo CRAP‏ ܕܥܠ ܣܥܘܪܘܬܐ ܕܐܬܘ̈ܬܐ ܘܠܫ̈ܚܝܬܐ ‎Sas‏
‏ܟܕ ܠܟܠ ܚܕ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ.. ‎yx‏ ܡܠܬܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ‎Les‏ ܡܘܗ̈ܒܬܐ ܡܦ̈ܠܓܢ
ܘܝܗܝ̈ܒܝܢ. ‎Loi‏ ܚܥ̈ܠܐ. ‎có‏ ܕܘܒܕ̈ܐ ‎ΜΘ JH. 9ο‏ ܠܐܚܪܢܐ ܫܦܝܪܘܬ ‎JM‏
‎flans‏ ܠܐܚܪܢܐ ‎Lan‏ ܩܪܝܒܐ܂ ‎ΝΩ͂Ι Laos‏ ܠܐܚܪܢܐ ܡܣܪܩܘܬܐ ܘܐܟܣܢܝܘܬܐ
‎isa‏ ܥܡ ܫܪܟܐ ܕܦܘ̈ܠܓܐ ܕܡܘ̈ܗܒܬܐ܆. ܕܫܘܦܪ̈ܐ ܗܿܢܘܢ )99 ܚܕ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ܇.
ܒܩܢܘܡܗ ܡܦܪܫܐܝܬ ‎./οοι sl}‏ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܗܟܝܠ ܫܘܦܪ̈ܐ ܬܡܝ̈ܗܐ ‎“LAN‏
‏ܣܡܿܬ ܐܦܝ ܕܠܪܘܫܡܐ ܕܬܫܡܝܬܐ ‎JNI‏ ܟܕ ܗܼܢܘܢ ‎Jisas‏ ܪ̈ܘܚܬܐ ܘܢܕ̈ܚܢܐ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ܂.

that ἃ few days ago and now also there have been and indeed are in the
districts round us heroie and brave men, for my part except those of whom
I have been an eye-witness in every oue of their actions for a long time and '
ἃ witness of the truth of them 1 will in no case commit 811) the of to the
memorial of my handwriting?, actions to the truth of which besides myself
all the other inen of our time are also witnesses, actions that were wronght
in those men heroic in their ways of life, with every one of whom 1 was iu
intercourse from my childhood dowa to their owu end; of whom some fell
asleep some time ago, aud some during this time, aud some are still illus-
trious in the body, men who have power to perform apostolie ` since
to each one of them according to the blessed apostle's saying, ® are dis-
tributed and given?, to this miraeles, to that great ways of life withont
signs, to another beauty of heart and purity, to another ready. sorrow and
copious tears, to another self-deuial and perfect pilgrim life, in additiou
to the other distributions of gifts, consisting in the beauties that eaeh
one of them severally used to depiet upon his person. These marvel-

1. Ms. om. — 2, This statement cannot be taken literally, He gives an account of Abraham of
Kalesh (ch, 4! who died before he was born. — 3. I Cor., ΧΙΙ, 10.
