[xi] INTRODUCTION. xi

the order given above'. If however we make Malkha's life ch. 37, two
difficulties arise : (1) The work naturally divides itself into two portions, of
which the earlier (chs. 1-35) deals with persons whom the author knew
(most of them in tlie East) before 542, and the later with those whom he
knew (mostly in Constantinople) after that time?, whereas Malkha died
while he was at Amida?. (2) The life of Mare‘ (ch. 36) describes the
sepulehre built by Mare, and the title of ch. 38 runs « of ... Aaron the pres-
byter and the rest of the presbyters and deacons who were afterwards laid
in tlie sepulchre that was built by .. Mare », from which it clearly appears
to be the immediate sequel of Mare's life.  Ilence we must suppose that
the oinission of a chapter has caused an error in the numeration through the
scribe numbering the chapters cousecutively without looking at the ms. that
he was eopying.  Dyakonov (p. 371) would make Malkha's life ch. 36 and
Mare's 37; but another difiiculty then arises, since the history of the Ami-
dene convents during the persecution in ch. 35 seems to wind up the first
part, just as the history of the monastery of John Urtaya in ch. 58 winds
up the second part. It is possible therefore that the error occurred earlier;
but ou the other hand the opening words of Malkha's life « Once, when
we were in our convent ...., before it was driven into banishment » seem
to refer back to ch. 35, and look as if Malkha's life were added as an after-
thought*; and it may be conjectured that the two parts were in two volumes,
and that the leaves containing this life, being at the end of a volume, were
108)". Since however the order is uncertain aud of no importance, and
Cosmo's life does not exist, | have preferred not to cause confusion by
altering the numeration of v. Douwen and Land’, aud have left Malkha's
life as ch. 29,

Of the whole 58 lives then that of Cosmo is altogether lost, of the lives
of Thomas of Damaseus (26) and Elijah (30) we have only insignificant

1. Mich. by calling eh. 47 a life of Theodora reckons 7 women's lives, which he puis
together at the end as follows : (46) Theodora feh. 47, (47) Susan, (48) Mary, (49)
Cosmo, (50) Caesaria (ch. 54), (51) Sosiana ‘ch. 55), (52) Mary and Euphemia (ch. 12).
Possibly he put Th. first as being empress, and meant to specify the others in order,
but accidentally omitted the two sisters, and added them at the end. — 2. 1 my
understanding of the difficult chronology of eh. 52 is right (see notes there), that chapter
might appear to be an exception; but his informant, the cleric John, lived with him in
CP. for 8 years. We might also have expected to find ch. 25 in tlie 2" part, but it
is the natural sequel of ch. 24. — 3. Dyakonov, p. 380. — 4. See p. 187, n. 1. — 5. À
similar phrase oceurs however iu ch. 17 (p. 149) in a life which much resembles
Malkha's. — 6. lt may be that the, ms. used by Mieh. was derived from À or its
original, and therefore did not contain Malkha's life, in which case the lives omitted
by Mich. are reduced to 3. — 7. * NNXVII' in the title of Mare's life in v. D. and L. isa
misprint, as is clear from the list of contents and 1116 note on p. 141.
