2

‎JOHN OF EPUESUS. [28]‏ 28
ܡܢ ܡܠܟܬܐ ܐܬܝܗܼܒ ‎Jon‏ + ܘܬܐܡܢ ܥܡ ‎bis‏ ܕܬܠܝܡ̈ܟܝܕܘܗܝ ܝܐܬܒ ‎Jo‏ ܝܘܡܬܐ
ܓܝܪ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ ܩܕ̈ܡܝܐ ‎Jon‏ ܟܕ ܣܡ ܢܦܟܢܗ ܡܪܚܐ ܠܘܩܒܠ ܛܘܒܢܐ. ܟܕ
‎où Lis‏ ܗܟܢܐ. ܕܡܿܠܟܐ ܘܦܛܪܝܪܟܐ ܦܝܼܩܕܘܢ܂. ܕܐܘ ܐܢܬ ‎JUL‏ ܠܗܪܟܐ܂. ܐܘ ܐܢܐ
ܐܬܐ ܐܢܐ ‎l'a LORS‏ ܘܬܘܒ ‎Jil] μοι esl,‏ ܣܟ܂ ܠܝܬ ܠܟ .. ܐܠܐ ܠܒܕ
ܐܢܬ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ ‎So Jas‏ ܘܥܠܡ ܐܢܬ ܠܢ ̈ ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܣܟܐ ܛܘܒܢܐ
‎Neo] «σας‏ ܒܫܘܒܗܪܗ. ܟܕ ‎pel‏ ܕܢܐܡܪܘܢ ܠܗ . ‎e‏ ܢܡܘܣܐ ܤܚܡ ܠܢ ܡܢ
ܗܢܐ ܡܿܠܟܐ ‎Jh Se: Jes,‏ ܢܩܒܠ ‎wes‏ ܚܝܘܡ̈ܬܐ ܩ̈ܕܝܫܐ ܠܐܢܫ܂. ܘܠܐ
ܢܥܒܕ ܐܦܘܩܪ ‎GROS Ses sil 9] Lan! «κα.‏ ܘܡܟܝܠ ܘܠܐ ܠܟ ܘܠܐ ‎DS‏
‏ܦܫܝܩ ܠܢ ‎δη‏ ܐܓܪܘܢ ܠܢ ܕܝܢ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܚܘܡܐ ܕܚܡܫܐ ܒܫܒܐ ܕܦܬܚܝܢ
ܚܢܢ ‎Lil‏ . ܘܡܐ ‎M‏ ܗܘ ܡܕܡ ‎ση‏ ܐܠܗܐ ‎AN wx où Jio‏ ܗܢܐ
ܕܝܢ ܠܐ ‎cer‏ ܚܢܢ ܠܟܘܢ ܒܕܒܚܢܢ. ܐܸܢ ܓܝܪ ‎Ro‏ ܒܠܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܬܣܥܪܘܢ..
ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎Rp‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ ‎sb‏ ܕܘܝܐ ‎ος où‏ ܥܙܝܙܬܐ.
ܘܦܝܼܩܢ ܠܡܓܝܣܛܪܘܣ܆. ‎tamis‏ ܣܟܘܒܝܛܘܪ̈ܘܣ ܘܦܪܖܪ̈ܙܠܐ܂ ܘܢܥܝܒܚܪ ܢܝܬܘܗܝ
ܠܛܘܒܢܐ.. ܟܕ ܕܝܝܢ ‎pl Où‏ ܕܐ ܬܦܩܕ ‎ας‏ ܦܪ̈ܙܠܐ ‎eoo‏ ܒܕܪܡܘܢ ܥܡ ܚܝܠܐ

‎1. Ms, om.

‎with all liis disciples; for it was the first dass of the fasti, while the presump-
tous man sel himsell against the blessed man by sending him a message
in these terms : « The king and tlie patriareh" have ordered that either you
come here, or 1 eome there at once: and it i8. quite impossible for vou to
remain longer in this country, unless you do ilie kings order aud ours, and
make accord witli us », When the blessed old man heard. these things, he
jeered at his arrogance, telling them Το say to him, « We have a law. νόμος)
laid down for us by our true King, that we are nof to receive anvone in these
holy. days, uor make answers :2z222:5820: insomueli that onr door is closed,
and accordingly we are iot free. 00. answer either vou or the king. Unt
wait for us tll the filli dax of the week when we shall open the door, aud
alter we have opetied it what God knows to be right he will himself perforin
between us. — But for tlie present we will not. voluntarily niuswer von; for if
yon seek do aet with violence you. know »..— When tiat. swrelehed man
learned these nes, he was filled with. violent. vage, and. ordered. the
4 Vo take exeubitors aud irons and bring the lilessed maur across.
Men hab man as he was ordered had tiles tlie irons and embarked in a

‎]. Meme.
