‎LIFÉ OF HABIB. 9‏ ]9[
‎Ax oón‏ ܘܒܢܘ̈ܗܝ.. ܟܠܗܘܢ ܟܪ̈ܛܝܣܝܗܘܢ ‎das‏ ܘܐܝܬܝܘ ܠܗ ܠܛܘܒܢܐ..
ܘܗܟܢܐ ܠܡܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ܇ ܦܢܘ ܐܢܘܢ ܬܘܒ ܓܒܪܐ ܐܚܪܢܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ . ‎ye‏ ܗܘܐ
‎η‏ ܥܬܝ̈ܩܐ ܕܡܝܢ ‎fais‏ ܥܠ ܡܣ̈ܟܢܐ. ܘܐܬܘ ܐܘܕܥܘܗܝ ‎Joe‏ ܘܕܒܪܘܗܝ
‎le‏ ܙܠ. ܘܡܛܠ ‎odas) Sos‏ ܘܠܣܝܒܘܬܗ ܡܟܝܟܘܬܗ ܘܡܫܬܡܥܢܘܬܗ ܗ݀ܝ
ܕܐܦ ‎vor‏ ܢܨܚܬܗ ܠܒܝܟ ܗܘܐ: ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܪܡܠܬܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܡܣܟܢܬܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܡܣܟܢܐ ‎Js»‏
‏ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܕܢܐܙܠ ‎ona»‏ ܒܟܠ ܣܘܥܪܢܐ ܐܝܢܝܐ ܕܗܘ . ܠܐ ܐܝܟ ܓܒܪܐ ܝܩܝܪܐ
ܡܫܕܬܐܠ ܗܘܐ ܕܠܐ ‎Se.‏ ܐܠܐ ܡܚܕܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܢܢܝܕܚܗ. ܥܝܡܗ ܐ ܙܠ ܗܘܐ ܕܠܐ
‎.Lorol‏ ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܠܘܐ ܓܒܪܐ ‎y ON] o«‏ ܡܝܢ ܕܡܝܼܠܐ ‎Ho‏ ܠܒܗ ܕܓܒܪܐ
ܗ݀ܘ. ܐܬܬܦܝܪ ° ܒܗܼ ܟܕ ‎δὶ‏ ܕܠܐ ܐ ܙܠ ܗܢܐ ‎SR‏ ܒܕܝܪܗ ‎Jas ! as Jo : [Lao‏
‎Ναοί,‏ ܘܢܥܝܼܬܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎woes‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܗܠܚܢ ‎Al‏ ܘܗ ܦܟ ܠܕܝܪܗ. ܟܕ ‎M‏
‎olo‏ ܕܡܪܝܐ ‎ser‏ ܕܒܠܒܘ̈ܬܐ ܕܟܠ.. ܐܢܗܼܘ ‎sp‏ ܐܢܬ ܕܡܛܠ ‎Nes]‏ ܘܐܫܿܬܐܼ
‎Jos Malo‏ ܣܘܠܪܢܐ.. ‎eas‏ ܠܗ ‎Lo‏ 0.5« ܘܬܘܒ ‎ye Le NI‏
ܕܡܛܠ ܫܡܟ ܘܡܛܠ ܦܘܪܩܢܐ ‎2o) Lin Mas ai‏ ܗܕܐ ‎μοι‏

‎1. Appy. corr, from ‏ܐܝ‎

‎who had died and his ehildcen took all their parchments  yägras, and
brought them to the blessed man, aud tlius returned. them to their owners.

‎Again there was another man, and he kept ancieut deeds some years old
against poor men, and they came and told the saiut, and thev brought him,
and he went; and that because from his boyliood and down to his old age
he retained bis humility aud. obedience which itself also distinguished him,
so that à widow or a poor woman or poor man who begged him to go with
him on any business whatever, he' did not as being a man of high reputation
refuse to vo, but, in order to satislv him, wonld go with him at once
without delay. — When therefore he had gone to that man, inasmuel as
Satan had filled that man's heart, he was roused to füry against him, saving,
« Will not this fellow go and sit in his monastery aid be quiet? for see!
he comes ont and wanders about to eat and drink ». And when the blessed
man heard these things he was distressed, and he returued. to his mouastery,
having prayed aud said : « Lord. who knowest what is in the [carts of (`
if thou kuowest that 1 eame out in this business in order to eat and drink,
lorgive this man. And again, ifthy grace knoweth that it is foc the sake
of thy. name and lor the sake of the deliveranee of the wronged that! have
eome out, in order that this same thing may. be made known to this man and

‎1. Sie sur,
