"20 LIFE Ol Z'URA. 29

ܘܐܙܠܘ ‎ον‏ ܠܛܘܒܢܐ.. ܟܕ ܡܡܛܬ ܕܢܦܘܩ ‎Je‏ ܕܠܗܠ.. ܒܕܡܘܬܐ ܕܪܘܚܐ

‎as‏ ܠܕܪܡܘܢ ܘܐܗܦܟܙܘْ ܠܒܣܬܪܗܿܢ. ܘܗܘܼܬ ܒܕܥܒܪܐ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܡܢ ‎Ja)‏ ܕܢܦܩ.

‏ܘܬܘܒ ܙܒܢܬܐ ‎veh.‏ ܗܦܕܟܘܢܼ ܘܩܝܼܪܒܘ. ܘܟܕ ܗܐ ‎JI‏ — ܗܘܘ) ܕܢܣܡ̣ܟܘܢ!

‏ܠܣܩܠܐ: ܐܝܟ ܒܪ ‎Las]‏ ܠܒܟܗܿ ܠܩܪܒܝܢ.. ܘܒܚܐܦܐ ܥܫܝܢܐ ‎οὐ‏ ܐܝܟܐ ‎Magus‏
‏ܬܘܒ ܐܝܟ ‎2à‏ ܕܟܬܝܒܐ ܕܠܐ ‎eoe‏ ܘܠܐ ‎«αλλο‏ ܕܒܚܦܘܟܐ ܡܗܠܟܝܢ ܗܘܘ.
ܐܬܚܡܬ ܥܠ ܕܪܙ̈ܘܡܢܪܐ ܐܝܟ ܗܽܘ ܕܗܼܢܘܢ ܡܿܪܦܝܢ.. ‎ass ao fo‏ . ܘܟܢ
ܡܬ݀ܟܬܫܝܢ ܘܩܠܝܠ ܩܕܪܒܘ,. ܐܝܟ ‎2à‏ ܕܟܬܝܒܐ ܬܘܒ: ܕܡܪܝܐ ܠܒܕ ܗܘܐ ܩܪܒܐ
‎γεν Notons‏ ܒܕܡܘܬܐ ܕܒܪܩܐ ܘܡܚܗ̇ ܡܢ ‎SAS Ms‏ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ..
‎φι ον lo‏ ܡܢܗ̇ )19 ܡܢ ܪܝܫ ܠܪܺܝܫ܂. ܘܢܝܼܕܐ ‎wo‏ ܠܥܠ ܟܡܐ ‎fex‏ ܥܝܢܐ.
‎«rto‏ ܐܣܬܟܠ ‎Lè‏ ܗܽܘ܂. ܕܚܝܠܐ ܗܘ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎aus‏ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܡܬ ܟܬܫ ,
ܘܩܠܝܠܐܝܬ ܟܕ ܡܝܠܠܝܢ ܐܬܦܠܛܘ ‎JM‏ ܘܐ ܙܠܘ ܘܗܠܚܝܢ ܐܡ̣ܶܝܪܘ

‎1. Ms. ‏ܢܣܡܦܘܢ‎

‎cutter (δρόμων) with tlie military force and they had gone that he might
fetch the blessed man, when lie was on the point of lauding on the other
side, something like a wind took the cutter (δρόμων) and turned it back, and
it was on the city side whenee he had started. And again a second lime
they returned, aud approached; and. when they were ' just about! Lo fix the
ladder (24224), il was as if à man grasped the boat 0 aud with mightv
force placed it where it started.

‎Again according to that which 15 written « They knew uot nor understood
thatthey were walking in darkness »*, he was enraged against tlie cutter-men
00000 as dt was they who were lazy, and they proceeded to go on
board, — Aud, as they were suuggling and advanced little nearer, like what

‎is written again, « The Lord was making war for Israel »*.

‎there came
forth. something like a flash of lightning and suddenly smote their boat
(χαράξιον;, and the bench was toruü out of it from end to end, and il sprang
away aud mounted upwards as far as the eye can see; and then that
wretelied man understood. that it was God's. power wliieh was contending
on behall of the blessed man. — And. quickly with eriex of lamentation they
eseaped to shore; and they went and told these things to those who sent

‎them, and everyone was seized with wonder.
, B

‎1. Ms, ὁ, — 2, P. 3 5. — ἂν Josh, X, 0
,
