* 607 b.

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [282]‏ 282
ܚܕ̈ܢܝܢ. ܘܐܘܒ ܡܿܒܩܝܪܒ ‎bons‏ ܕܢܣܬܦܝܪ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܗܕܐ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ ܐܝܬܝܗܿ
ܕܐܬܚܦܛܘܢܝܗܝ܆.. ܕܢܒܕܥܐ ‎oot‏ ܡܡܦܝܧܩܢܐ. ܘܬܘܒ ‎sl‏ ܒܐܝܕ̈ܘܗܝ܂ ‎ejnt‏ ܚܘܦܒܟ.
‎Lio:‏ ܠܝܟ ‎naso μοι‏ ܠܝܟ ܬܗܦܘܟ. ܕܠܡܝܐ ܡܫܟܚ ܐܢܬ ܕܬܣܫܒܪ. ܘܡܐ
‎NC OS las bis! μα. ὥνο wols‏ ܬܘܒ ‎Not E‏ ܡܣܟܼܪܝܢ
ܦܠܓܐ ܕܪܝܫܗ ‎sae? Jan] sas‏ ܗܕܐ ‎JS‏ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ‎Abus‏ ܣܘܦܪܗܘܢ
ܡܢ ‎he‏ ܐܝܬ ‎ος‏ ܒܫܬܬܗܘܢ. ܘܒܫܘܠܡܐ ‎δὰ,‏ ܕܬܝܟܒܝܘܬܗ. ܗܝܕܝܢ
ܡܫ݀ܬܠܡ ܣܘܦܪܗ ܒܠܚܘܕ. ܟܕ ܠܐ ܓܠܐ ‎Jo. ak Nos ος‏ ܥܪܩܬܐ ܕܢܐܣܘܪ.
ܘܠܐ ܡܥܠܝܢܐ ܘܠܐ ܟܘܣܝܬܐ. ܘܠܐ ܟܘܐܝܢܐ ܡܫܠܝܡܬܐ ܐܘ ܓܠܐ ܡܫܥܝܼܡܢܐ. ‎JT‏
‎Jas‏ ܐܣܪܝܢ ܠܗ. ܥܠ ‎JL bles‏ ܘܟܒܝܢܬܐ ܬܘܒ ‎JL‏ ܟܕ ܐܡܪܝܢ..
ܕܐܬܚܦܛ ܒܬܝܒܘܬܟ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܿܡܡܟܟܝܚܢ ܚܘܫܝ̈ܒܘܗܝ ܟܕ ‎JA‏ ܟܕ ‎eL Ns‏
ܘܡܣܟܐ ܘܡܡܣܒܪ. ܕܠܐܡܬܝ ܢܫܝܼܬܘܐ ‎Sfr‏ ܠܐܣܟܡܐ ‎ου ο‏ ܘܠܒܕ ܬܠܬ ‎ais‏
‏ܘܗܳܝ ‎pH wr‏ ܠܩܕܡ ܡܕܒܚܐ. ܘܬܘܒ ܙܘܗܖ̈ܐ ܪܘܙ̈ܒܐ ‎«ού‏ ܘܕܠܡܐ ܠܡ ܒܥܐ
ܐܢܬ ܕܬܗܦܘܟ ‎[μοὶ‏ ܦܫܚܩ ܠܟ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܠܨܒܫܝܢ ܠܗ ܐܣܟܡܐ.. ܟܕ ‎Ie col N se‏

‎|. Ms, Dis.

‎tonsured, while this also is their part, to urge him himself to seek
iutereessors'. And again they requite at his hauds, « Look to your
thoughts. — 1t is expedient for vou now to turn back and it is open to you
to do 80. Can you endure, even after yet other days! journeys 0 have
presented themselves before you? ». And, if again they see that he is in
earnest, they shave half his head only, so that for this reason one may see
many among them whose tousures differ among themselves. And, at the end
of a year of his penitence, then his tonsure only is completed, while lie is
net allowed to clothe himself i» the coat, nor to bind on the girdle. nor the
cloak, nor the cowl, nor a regular tunie or a. regular coat?, but they bind
a cord ou him over a tunic of straw, and a hood moreover of straw, saviug,
« De in earnest in your repeutance »; and thus they humble his thoughts
during his repentance, while he lougs and expects and hopes until he be
thought worthy to approach the habit < also. And he completes three
years?, and then he comes before the altar; and again great cautious are
pronounced, and, « In ease you seek to turn back now, il is open to you ».
And so they array hün in the habil (σχῆμα), the first foundation which he laid

‎omes pensons — 2, John has perh. forgotten thal he had mentioned. the Ra above. — 3, The
lino £u to be reekoned from the first tonsure (see p, 281, ]. 13).

