[279] OF A MONK FROM THE SAME CONVENT. 279

ܢܟܦܐ ܘܝܩܝܪܐ ܕܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܒܪܢܐܝܬ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ.. ܘܡܚܝܕܐ ‎Lo‏ ——
‎RT ENS‏ ܘܡܢ ܗܕܐ ‎où so] adeo‏ ܕܠܒܥܪܝܪܝܘܬܐ ܘܠܪܡܘܬܐ ܘܐܦ ܠܗܘܢ
ܠܠܚܕ̈ܐ ‎Lao‏ ܡܕܨܥܪ̈ܐ ܘܣ̈ܢܝܐ ‎ΚΑ η‏ ܙ ܢܚܝܢ.. ܕܠܝܨܐܐܝܬ ܢܬܘܦ ‎Jo "p‏

° ܠܣܓܺܝܐܐ. ܡܛܠ ‎Ah‏ ܥܩܪܐ ܕܥܠܡܚܘܬܐ ܒܕܘܟܬܗ ܡܿܟܬܐ. ܣܘ̈ܟܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܠܐ
ܡܛܟܣܘܬܐ ܘܒܥܪܝܪܝܘܬܐ ܘܝܥܢܘܬܐ ܘܪܚܡܼܬ ܟܪܣܐ ‎Lois Lao‏ ܡܢܗ ܫܘܚܝܢ.
ܒܥܘܡܪܐ ܗܟܝܠ ‎«μοι‏ ܠܐ ܗܘܐ ܗܟܢܐ ‎Re]‏ ܕܦ ܡܢܗ̇ ܒܫܪܪܐ܂ ܕܝܪ̈ܝܐ ܐܝܬܝܪܗܘܢ
ܘܠܐ ܐܝܟ ܚܠܘܛܐ ‎Sois) RAM og où‏ ܐܝܟ ܡܠܬܐ ‎saos‏ ܕܢܬܗܦܟܘܢ
ܥܠ ܡܪܝܐ ܕܦܝ̣ܪܩ ܐܢܘܢ ܠܡܢܣܝܘܬܗ. ܡܚܕܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܐ݀ܬܐ ܥܠܡܝܐ ܕܨܒܐ ܕܢܥܘܠ
‎ss jocos. SNS‏ ܥܡܗ ܥܠ ‎οὐ‏ ܘܓܢܣܗ. ܘܕܡܢܐ ‎fane‏ ܒܥܠܡܐ.
ܘܕܐܝܕܐ ‎LOUIS‏ ܒܗ ܚܘܢܒܐ ܗܢܐ. ܟܕ ܡ̈ܥܩܒܝܢ ‎ones‏ ܕܕܠܡܐ ܚܕܐ ܡܢ
ܠܠܠܬܐ ܠܥܡܢܝܬܐ ܐܚܝܪܬܟ ܥܠ ܗܕܐ ܬܪܥܝܬܐ. ܘܡܐ ܕܥܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ
‎où am‏ ܡܢ ܕܗܼܘ.. ܐܝܟ ܕܢܕܥܘܢ ܚܬܝܬܘܬܐ ܕܕܒܝܢܗ: |« ܬܘܒ ‎Lio Juss‏
‎à‏ ܠܗܕܐ ܒܬܪܥܝܬܗܢ. ܡ̈ܥܩܒܝܢ ܥܡܗ. ‎Jon‏ ܟܡܐ ܙܒܢܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܗ ‎Lo.‏

and then the pure unalloyed seed of the devout and venerable habit (σχῆμα) of
religion lalls outwardly upon them, and they have put it ou at once on tlie first
day, and from this time it has been in Satan's power easily to drag and entrap
and lead many intoseusuality and pride as well as into actual dishonourable and
odious customs aud passions of various kinds; hecause, if the root of
worldliness remains in its place, the thorns of disorderliness and sensuality and
greediness and the love of money and evil passions spring from it. In this
convent therefore it is not so, since from it there come monks indeed
and not like that rabble who themselves according to the words of Scripture
seduced Israel to turn against the Lord who delivered them to try him".

ΔΒ soon as a layman comes who wishes to enter upon a course of training, at
first they ask him questions about his country and his family (γένος), and
what he possesses in the world, and what cause gave rise to this resolution
in him, inquiringe of him « Has any worldly cause turned your thoughts to this
purpose? »; and, after the man whoever he he has settled all these points,
so that they may know the genuineness of his desire, if ` he in truth
possesses this in his mind, they inquire of him, « Lo! how long have you

1. Num., XI, ^.

* 68 1? b.
