[295] LIFE OF THOMAS ΤῊΣ ARMENIAN. 295

ܟܕ ܐܬܘ ܘܩܡܝܼܘ ‎μὴν το‏ ܘܗܼܢܚܢ ܗܠܚܢ ܐܬܬܒܥܘ. ܟܠܗܘܢ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܡܿܠܝܦܝܢ
ܗܘܘ ܠܛܘܒܢܐ܂ ‎λα...‏ ܘܪܒܝܥܚܝܘܬܐ ܚܠܦ ܬܠܝܬܝܘܬܐ
ܩܕܝܫܬܐ܂ ܠܐ ܡܘܕܝܢܢ ‎οἱ‏ ܡܥܠܕܝܢܝܢ. ܠܟܦܘܪ̈ܐ, ܚܣ ܠܢ ܕܢܫܬܘܬܦ. ܟܕ ܗܠܚܝܢ
‎JLe‏ ܚܪܝܦܐ ܡܢ ܟܠܗ ‎où αν‏ ܪܒܐ ܡܬܩܡܝܢ ܗܽܘܝ܂. ܐܬܬܙܝܥ ܪܕܘܦܐ ‎Iz‏
‏ܘܟܠ ܫܡܘ̈ܥܐ.. ܘܢܦܕܠ ܪܬܝܬܐ ܒܟܠܗܘܢ܆. ܡܢ ܬܩܝܦܘܬܐ ܕܚܕ ‎pl Lao flo‏
ܪܥܡܐ ܪܒܐ ‎o,‏ ܗܘܐ . ܘܟܕ ܚܕܙܐ ܪܕܘܦܐ ‎À] Hs‏ ܠܝܘܩܕܡ ܢܐܣܘܪ ܠܚܣܚܬܐ: ܠܐ
ܡܫܟܚ ܕܢܟܒܘܫ ܡܫܪܝܬܗ. ܐܬܦܪܣ ܕܠܟܠܗ ܕܪܐ ܕܬܟ̈ܬܘܫܘܗܝ ܚܠܦ ܥܡܐ ‎où‏
‎τικ‏ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ܂ ܟܕ ܐܡܪ ‎ο‏ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܥܡ : ܟܠܗܝܢ ܐܢܬ
ܣܥܕܪܬ. ‎(Jo‏ ܡܿܝܬܝ. ܗܠܝܢ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܡܢ ‎yel‏ ܡܝܬܝܝܢ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܥܡ ‎Es‏
‏ܐܝܬ ܠܟ ܩܪܒܐ. ‎οἱ‏ ܦܘܩ ܡܢ ܐܬܪܐ ‎"νο‏ ܐܘ ܛܝܒ ܢܦܫܟ ‎μας oh‏
ܕܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܬܟܚܠܐ ܘܚܝܠܬܢܐ ܠܘܬܗ܂ ܐܡܼܪ. ܐܢܐ ‎οἱ κοὐ‏ ܪܡܿܐ ܕܗܢܐ܂. ܡܢ ܡܿܠܝܟ
‎ἢ‏ ܡܬܬܙܝܥ ‎yo + Hi‏ ܐ ܚܫܝܒܝܢ ܠܥ . ‎LS JI οἱ‏ ܒܫܪܒܐ ܕܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ
‎Jo .μ[ A soy‏ ܠܟ ‎jio‏ ܠܟܠ ‎mu‏ ܒܥܠܡܐ ܗܢܐ. ܕܠܐ ܕܝܢ ‎ok‏ ܠܟ

district. But they, when they came and stood before the judge aud were
required to do these things, all as they had been taught by the blessed man
eried : « We for our part will not deny Christ; and we will not confess or
introduce a quaternity in place of the holy Trinity. Far be it from us to com-
municate with the renegades ». Upon these words being uttered in a loud
voice by all that great company the persecutor and judye and all the hearers
were alarmed, and trembling fell upon all of them, from the intensity of the
one stern ery that resounded like a great thunderclap; and, when the per-
seeutor saw that, unless he first bound the strong man, he could not reduce
his camp', he formed the plan of turniug the whole force of his etforts in the
struggle against the blessed man himself in place of all that company, saying
to him : « All these things are your doing; and, if all these men die, they will
die at your hands; and henceforth you must contend with the king. — Eithec
depart from this district at once, or prepare yourself for the struggle ».
But the blessed mau as one possessed of confidence and strength said to him :
« For my part, O man now exalted, Τ am uot frightened ol your words, and
your threats are of no account to me; nor in the matter of the faith of Christ
do 1 take account of the king, nor of you, nor of anyone who lives in this

1. Matth., καὶ, 29.
