7^1 v? ἃ.

302 JOHN OF EPHESUS. [302]

ܡܢ ‎Koons‏ ܡܶܡܐܢܝܚ ‎oi So.‏ ܐܠܐ ܐܦ ‎fans‏ ܕܢܝ̇ܦܩ ‎Jon‏ ܡܢ ܩܠܝܬܗ. ܡܩܕܡ
ܗܘܐ ܡܒܥܠ ‎λα,» Jou‏ ܘܡܬ ܟܢ ° ܗܘܐ ܦܬܘܪܐ.. ܘܨ ܐܒܥ ܠܚܡܐ ܘܚܝܬܪܦ ‎ρα‏
‏ܘܣܐܡ ܗܘܐ . ܘܠܘܚܐ ܕܟܬܝܒܐ ‎σας‏ ܠܥܠ ܡܢܗܼ ܗܟܢܐ. 2 ܕܐܦ ‎AS)‏
‏ܣܓܺܝܐܢ ܩܪܝܢܗܿ. ܕܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ‎x S»‏ ܐܬܝܬܘܢ ܒܝܫܥ ܡ ܐܚܝ̈ܢ ܠܒ̈ܕܘܗܝ
ܕܡܫܝܚܐ. ‎aas‏ ܠܒܝܬܐ ܥܒܝܼܕܟܘܢ ‎a ο‏ ܘܠܐ ‎κο‏ ܕܠܝ
ܚܛܝܐ ܥܠܝܼܬܐ ‎culte‏ ܕܐ ܙܠ ܒܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܕܚܥܕܚܬܐ.. ܗܐ ‎ον‏ ܕܡܘܠܝܐ
ܕܣܘܢܩܢܐ ܡܢ ‎RSS DM ei N soa so‏ ܟܕ ‎Lio‏ ܡܛܠ ܚܪ ܘܒܗ ܫܪܝܪܐ
‎NO‏ ܚܕ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎κο‏ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ: ‎su Ro‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܡܫܝܚܐ ܡܪܝ ‎δμαδδο‏ ܠܗܘܢ

ܠܒܝܬܐ ‎JI Oe‏ ܢܐܩܪ ܥܠܝܟܘܢ ܠܡܥܠ ‎oe» adobe‏ ܣܢܝܩܘܐܟܘܢ..

ܐܦܢ ܐܢܐ ܒܦܓܪ ܪܚܝܩ ܐܢܐ . ܘܐܸܢ ‎Lo‏ ܕܢܓܪ ܠܝ ܥܕ ܐܬܐ ‎Jul amas Οὐ]‏
‎NC‏ ܕܚܢ ‎«JE‏ ܡܢ ܡܘܗܒܬܗ ‎RS qx)‏ ܘܢܒܪܡ ‎Los‏ ܘܢܫܒܘܩ ܠܢ
ܒܘܪܟܬܐ ‎lei pr‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ܂ ܢܐܙܠ ܒܫܠܡܐ. ܘܐܢܕܝܢ ܘܡܕܡ ܐܚܪܢܐ ‎as ms‏ ܗܐ
ܟܠܗ ܩܠܝܬܐ ‎Lxx cils‏ ܘܠܓܥܐܐ܂ ܘܒܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ° ܡܝܢ ܟܠ ܕܐܝܬ ‎às‏ ܟܠܗ
ܣܘܢܩܢܗ ‎sas‏ ܕܠܐ ‎OS‏ ܟܬܝܒܬܢ ‎κ‏ ܗܕܐ ‎MM vh Leal‏

1. Corr. from bois. — 2, Ms. with stop following.

he not trouble himself to bring in any one article of furniture in his cell, but
also on the day on whieh he left his cell he would first cook food, and would
lay a table, and moisten bread and temper wine, and put it out, aud a tablet
inseribed and laid on tlie top of it as follows (which we have also often read),
on which were these words : « Weleome, our brothers, Cliris's bondmen;
come into your bondman's house confidently and refresh. yourselves, and
hesitate not. Since occasion has called me the siuner to go on necessary
service, here is a present of what 1s required to satisfy need from the gift of
our Benefactor sel readv. For the sake of his true love, whether it is one or
many whom Christ my Lord is preparing and sending to his bondman's house,
shrink not from coming in and satislying all vour need, though ( myself
am absent in the body. Il it be possible foe him to wait till 1 come, 1 beg
him to do 80; if not, let him refresh. himself out of our Lord's gift and bless
the Giver, and leave us the blessing of his prayers, and thus go in. peace;
aud, if he need anything else besides, lo! tlie whole eell is committed. to
Christ's hands, and at his hauds let him satisfy all his ueed svithout restraint
® evervthing that is in it. Bot fet him leave this writing of ours in ils
place for the rest of our brethreu who shall arrive iui order to. inform. them
