+70 r° b.

286 JOHN OF EPIIESUS. [280

ILlaiso ‏ܡܢ ܙܕܝܩܘܬܐ ܡܿܟܢܫ. ܐܠܐ ܡܢ ܒܙܬܐ‎ el ‏ܐܦ ܠܐ ܡܢ ܟܐܢܘܬܐ‎ e» μου
εν ‏ܘܪܝܫܢܘܐܐ ܕܠܒܪܐ ܘܡܬ‎ Has ‏ܕܡܣܟ̈ܢܐ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܡܢܐ ܡܬܒܝܼܥܐ ܠܝ‎
πως ‏ܘܡܕܡ ܐܚܪܝܢ ܠܐ ܡܩܝ̣ܢܝܐ ܠܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܡܬܚܫܚܝܢ ܒܗܿ. ܐܠܐ ܐܢ ܚܪܬܐ‎
Sale ‏ܘܬܫܢܝܩܐ. ܘܡܛܠ ܗܢܐ ܐܣܩ ܠܡ ܠܘܐ ܐܚܝ̈ܕܝ ܫܘܠܛܢܐ..‎ Lio
‏ܕܢܦܢܝ‎ Las ‏ܠܝ ܕܒܒܝܬܝ‎ mas ο ‏ܠܗܘܢ ܪܝܫܢܘܬܐ ܕܕܝܠܗܘܢ ܐܝܬܝܗܿ..‎
‏ܐܢ ܢܗܘܘܢ ܗܢܐ‎ ας ‏ܐܬܒ ܘܐܫܒܚܝ ܠܐܠܗܐ. ܘܢܗܘܐ ܣܦܩ ܠܝ ܘܠܝܒ̈ܢܝ ܙܒܥ̈ܐ‎
‏ܐܢܬܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ ܂. ܡܢ ܓܢܣܐ‎ contes ‏ܡܕܡ ܕܐܝܬ ܠܢ . ܩܠ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܗܟܝܠ܂‎
Las ‏ܕܐܡܪܝܢ..‎ yeh ‏ܕܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܬܟܪܝܢ ܐܪ̈ܫܩܘܢܝܐ. ܗܠܝܢ‎ «αλλου ‏ܪܒܐ‎
‏ܕܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܐܦ ܗܼܢܘܢ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ. ܚܘܢܒ̈ܐ ܘܟܝܠ ܕܕܐܝܟ ܗܠܝܢ ܠܛܘܒܢܐ‎ Jae
‏ܐܠܐ‎ es Ji pose» ‏ܗܘܘ. ܘܒܣܥܘܪܘܬܗ̇ ܕܨܒܘܬܐ ܒܠܔܠ‎ ana λογο» ‏ܗܢܐ‎ °
‏ܗܕܐ ܡܢ ܡܿܠܟܐ ܟܝܐܠ ܗܘܐ..‎ λαο «ah ‏ܡܚܕܐ ܠܡܕܝܢܬ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ‎
‏ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܕܢܡܿܠܐ‎ I ‏ܕܝܢ ܡܡܥܠܟܐ‎ où ‏ܚܘܢܒܢܐ ܕܫܘܠܠܛܢܗ.‎ aise, ‏ܕܢܦܩܘܕ‎
‏ܕܐܒܘܗܝ. ܘܗܼܘ ܟܕ ܡܬ݀ܟܫܦ ]5% ܗܘܐ. ܕܐܸܢ ܐܫܟܼܝܝ ܥܒܕܕܐ ܕܡܠܟܘܬܟܘܢ‎ sos

1. Ms. [πῶλος corr. to lilaso. — 2, Ms. flo.

except hell and eternal torment, since neither has all this been. amassed
by justice or by righteousness, but by plundering aud cheating the poor?
And now why do 1 need otlice and governorship that passes away and decays,
and gains nothing else for those who enjoy it except a bad end and judg-
ment and torment? And therefore 1 will go up to the rulers, and surrender
to them the governorship which is theirs, and for me it is sufficient to sit in
my house in the silence of my soul and praise God; and what we have is
suflicient for me and my children if they live many times over )7( ». He had
taken therefore during his life' a great wife from the great and renowned
family (γένος) of those who are called Arsacids, who, as they say, were them-
selves also an exalted royal race. Such thoughts then first sprang up in
this blessed man; and he fortliwith began to carry the thing out, not delaying.
but going up at once to the royal city, and making this request of the king,
tat lie wonld order them to receive an account of his ollice. But the king
continue to press him to fill his father's place; and he made supplication
and said : « If νους majesty's slave has found mercy in your evces, order me

1. His father's life must he mount. Perh. woasls has fallen out.

