‎OF À MONK FROM THE SAME CONVENT. 277‏ 3771
ܐܢܐ ‎μὶ οἱ νους. Res‏ ܒܗ ܒܚܛܗܗ. ܘܔܓܝܝܟܬ ܠܝ ܥܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܟܠܗܘܢ
‎Pe Lass‏ ܕܚܝ̈ܛܗܐ:. ܕܥܕܡܐ ‎Laon‏ 2:36 ܗܘܐ ܠܢ |« ܗܢܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ.
ܘܟܕ ‎Bà‏ ܒܪܘܚܢܘܬܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ: ܕܥܕܡܐ ܠܐܝܢܐ ܒܘܨܪܐ ܙܥܘܪܐ ‎iM ου‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ
‎9h‏ ܠܳܐ ܒܘܨܪܐ ‎Das‏ ܠܢ ܕܝܠܢ: ‎bas‏ ܒܐܝܢܐ ܪܘܡܐ ܕܒܝܫܬܐ ܚܢܥܝܒ ܠܗܘܢ
ܐܡܪܬ ܠܗ. ‎νο)‏ ܡܕܡ ܚܠܦ ܡܕܡ ܡܢ ܒܗܐܬܐ ‎Roll‏ ܠܡܐܡܪ.. ܚܝܼܙܝ ܠܐ
‎le‏ ܒܟ ‎io‏ ܘܒܬܪ̈ܐܝܢ ܒܝܫ̈ܬܐ ‎DL‏ ܘܬܥܘܦܝܗܝ ܠܚܛܗܟ ܒܝܕ ‎μιλοῦν‏
‏ܕܕܓܠܘܬܐ. ‎où‏ ܕܝܢ ܐܘܕܝ܂. ܕܗܢܘ ܡܪܝ ܚܛܗܝ. ܘܒܥܐ ܐܢܐ ܐܠܦ ܡܢܟ܂ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ
ܐܪܥܝܚܘܗܝ ܠܐܠܗܐ. ܐܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ܚܪܬ ܒܢܝܫܐ ܕܦܪܘܫܘܬܗ ‎Jes‏ ܠܐ ‎Ν.Α.‏
‏ܠܬܪܥܝܬܗ ܠܘܬ ܡܒܣܪܢܘܬܐ ܕܝܠܢ ܘܐܡܿܪܬ ܠܗ . ܕܗܢܐ ° ܠܘ ‎Joe‏ ܗܘ. ܚܕܐ
ܡܛܠ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܚܛܗܐ.. ܘܕܬܪ̈ܐܝܢ ܕܙܗܝܪܘܬܐ ܝܝܬܝܪܬܐ܂ ܠܐ ‎Jim uso‏ ܠܗ
ܠܛܘܒܢܐ ܟܕ ܐܡܪ ‎ο} δὲ‏ ܐܚܘܢ ܬܘܒ ܘܨܠܐ ܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܥܠ ‎La Jod.‏ ܠܘ
ܥܠ ‎où‏ ܕܝܠܟ 24225 ܐܠܐ ܘܥܠ ‎ylee» Lis‏ ܡܫ ܬܪܥܝܢ ܘܢܦܠܝܝܢ ‎o2‏
‎Milo‏ ܟܡܐ ܕܡ̣ܕܐ ܐܢܬ ‎sol‏ - ܘܡܢܗܼ ܘܡܢ ܐܚܪܢܐ. ܐܸܢ ܕܝܢ ‎SN.‏ ܒܚܕ ܡܢ
ܚܚ̈ܛܗܐ.. ‎jeg]‏ ܕܠܐ ‎pu‏ ܣܛܢܐ ܠܦܣܩ ‎his‏ ܘܢܐܡܪ ܠܝܟ ܆. ܕܐܪܓܝܼܙܬ ܠܐ
ܡܬ ܩܟܒܠ ܐܢܬ . ܐܠܐ ܠܟܠ ‎Jée Jod: αι‏ ܬܟ + ‎ses‏ ܤܚܡ ܥܠܘܗܝ

‎and 1 laughed over all the depths and heights of sins which up to now we
had thinking that this might be. And, being amazed at the blessed man's
spirituality, to think what a height of wickedness the saints reckon. such a
little shortcoming as is neglected by us so that we ourselves do not even rec-
kon itas a shorteoming, I said to him : « In ease you have been constrained
by shame to say one thing in place of another, beware lest Satan deceive
you, and you be involved in two wickednesses aud double your siu by the
use of falsehood ». But he professed, « This, sir, 1s my siu; and ‏ܐ‎ seek to
learn from you how to meet God ». But I, looking at the nature of the
man's pre-emiuent character, did not bring his thoughts down to the level ol
our eontemptibility and say to him, « This is not a sin », in the first. place
because it is a sin, and in. the second since excessive caution would do no
harm to the blessed man, saying : « Go, our brother, again, and pray to God
on account of this sin; not for your own only, but also for the rest who slip
and fall into it like you. Aud do you, as far as you can, beware both of it
and of any other. But, if you fall into any sin, beware lest Satan lead vou
into despair and say to you, * You have provoked, you will uot be accepted’;
but, whenever you have any uleer of sin. lay the ‏ܐ‎ of repentance'

‎1, Ct. p. 52,

‎× 6? νο b.
