ܠ

‎LIFE OF THOMAS ΤΗΕ ARMENIAN. 201‏ - ]291[
ܕܦܓܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ.. ܘܢܘܠܕܘܢ ܢܝܚܘܬܐ ܘܡܟܝܟܘܬܐ ܘܕܚܠܬ ‎Jai‏ ܚܠܦ ܗܠܝܢ
3 ܕܒܥܠܡܐ. ܟܕ ܛܒܐ ‎Was Apollonio LENS y‏ ܕܘܡ ܡܫܬ ܡܥ ܗܘܐ .
ܘܡܟܝܠ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܢܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ܘܒܢ̈ܝ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܢܐ ܝ̈ܕܝܥܐ܂. ܟܕ ܬܡܝܗܝܢ ܒܡܕܡ ܕܥܒܕܕ
ܛܘܒܢܐ ܗܢܐ ܒܗ ‎«ο99ἱ v)‏ ܘܥܠ ܥܠܡܐ ܟܘܠܗܼ ܒܕܡܘܬܗ ܡܿܟܒܣܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ.
ܘܡܢܗܘܢ ܠܘܬܗ ܐܬܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܡܣܒ ܐܣܟܡܐ܂ ܐܦ ܗܼܢܘܢ. ܘܡܢܗܘܢ ܬܘܒ ܠܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ
‎Li]‏ ܘܠܥܘܡܕ̈ܐ ܝܕܝ̈ܥܐ ‎Lai‏ ܗܘܘ. ܗܳܝ ܕܐܦ ܣܥܪܘܼ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ. ܘܚܙܬܐ ܡܟܝܠ
ܪܒܬܐ ܘܫܦܝܪܬܐ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܗܢܐ ܥܒܝܕ ܗܘܐ܂ ܠܟܠܝܗܘܢ ܒܥ̈ܝ ‎ul‏ ܟܕ ܐܦ ܦܣܝܼܩ
ܥܠ ܢܦܢܗ.. ‎oS por‏ ܠܐ ܢܦܠ ‎οἱ‏ ܢܣܕܸܡܘܟ ܐܝܢܗ ܥܠ ‎οἱ “Las‏
ܢܦܠܘܢ ‎e‏ ܥܠ ܦܓܪܗ. ܐܘ ܡܫܚܐ ܟܠ ܟܡܐ ܕܡܨܝܐ̈ ܐܢ ‎Lau]‏ ܣܓܝܐܬܐ ܠܐ
‎ο ο ου ος‏ ܕܡ̈ܝܢ ܗ̈ܘܝ.
ܟܕ ‎is‏ ܘܐܘ̈ܟܡܝܢ. ܥܕܡܐ )99 ܒܬܪ ‎Jos .$m [Ais‏ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܡܝܬܝܢ
‎où yb + 0801‏ ܕܠܝܘ ܕܝܠܗ ‎«ωοδι‏ ܟܕ ‎μα Lu]‏ ܩܥܝ̈ܐ.. ‎Es Je‏ ܗܘܐ
ܕܢܥܕܒܕ ܒܬܛܝܠܘܬܐ ܐܦܢ ܥܠ ܫܝܓܔܬܗ ܕܪܗܼܠܐ ‎soà‏ ܘܥܠ ‎jsp‏ ܟܕ ° ‎JNis‏

‎animal instincts of their hodies, and beget mildness and humility and
religion instead of the things that are in the world, while the report of their
labours and of their asceticism was heard everywhere; and thenceforth many
magnates and sons of distinguished magnates, marvelling at what this
blessed man had done, would imitate him, and like him despise the whole
world; and some would come to him that they also might receive the habit
(σχῆμα), and some again would hasten to other districts and well-known
convents, which many in faet did. And aceordingly this blessed man had
been made a great and beautiful sight for all men, while hie had also deter-
mined for himself that he would never throw himself upon his side or rest
his head upon a pillow, or let water fall upon his body, or oil, as far as was
possible, except under the pressure of great necessity (ἀνάγκη), which he in
fact carried out, until his feet wore like eharred columns, being thick and
black, until after ten years they used to discharge a large quantity of
matter, and were as if they were not his, since he was smitten with severe
uleers, and would not concern himself even to wash off that discharge, and
to apply a poultice, while we used often to say to him ', « While thinking

‎1. This would probably be after Th. had removed to Claudias (see helow). The statement al ihe
beginning that J. knew him 30 years from bis entetinz upon the monastie life can hardty he recon-
ciled with 1he stalement that Th. lived 30 years after his banishment (p. 296), and probably Ihe period
should be reckoued from his banishmont.

‎51] νὴ ἃ,

‎*vhb,
