ܨ

E

294 15 050 OF EPIIESUS. [294]

‎Jes‏ |2 ܒܪ ܐܦܝܢܐ ܐܡܕܝܐ. ‎oc où‏ ܒܩܢܘܡܗ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܕܥܬܝ̈ܕܢ ܕܢܣܬܥܪ̈ܢ
ܒܚܪܬܐ ܡܢ ܡܫܝܚܐ ‎JE‏ ܒܥܠܡܐ. ܩ݀ܕܡ ‎μα”.‏ ܒܥܕܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ. ܐܚܘܗܝ ‎Nas‏
‎μοι‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܒܐܬܪܐ ‎Lane,‏ ܘܕܣܘܪܝܐ܇. ‎tnl‏ ܗܘܐ ‎οι Das‏
‎où fsoofL μιϑα‏ ܕܡܢ ‎Do‏ ܕܣܛܛܪܦܘܬܐ. ‎Loto‏ ܩܫܝܐܝܬ ܪܕܘܦܝܐ ܥܠ ܡܗܝ̈ܡܢܐ
ܟܠܗܘܢ ܕܒܐܬܪܐ ܕܐܪܡܢܝܐ܂ ܐܥܝܪ ܗܘܐ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܟܘܪ̈ܐܦܚܣܩܘܦܐ! ܘܪ̈ܝܫܝ ‎Jia»‏
‎hào: γκο‏ ܕܩܘܪ̈ܝܣ.. ܠܘܬ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܬܐܘܡܐ.. ܐܝܟ ܕܠܘܬ ܪܒܐ ܘܡܕܪܫܐ ܘܘܝܩܘܕܐ
ܡܬܟܢܫܝܢ. ‎farei) Lin)‏ ܪܒܐ ܕܓܒܪ̈ܐ ܚܡܫܡܐܐ ܢܗܼܘܐ ‎Jos‏ ܟܕ ܐܡܪܝܢ.. ܕܟܠ
‎LL ras}‏ ܗܺܝܕܚܢ ‎St‏ ܗܥܝܢ.. ܚܣܝܼܡܐ ‎Liso‏ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܕܡܿܝܬܪܐ ܬܐܘܡܐ

‏ܡܸܥܝܕ̈ܢ ܗܘ̈ܝ. ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪܝܢ܂. : ‎oon‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܪܝܫܐ ܘܚܘܪܐ܂ ܠܝܟܠܗܘܢ ‎Jiliss‏ ܗܢܐ .

‏ܕܢܡܪܕܘܢ ܥܠܝܢ. ܗܿܝܕܝܢ ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎a‏ ܗܘܐ ܟܢܘܫܝܗܘܢ ܐܦ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܬܡܢܡܐܐ..
ܡܟܝܠ ܠܦܪܛܪܝܢ ‎Lodo‏ ܡܬܩܕܪܝܢ ‎ΒΟΥ‏ ܕܚܕܐ ܡܢ ‎οἱ «ora «abl‏
ܕܢܫܥܡܘܢ ܠܕ̈ܘܦܥܐ ܕܣܘܢܗܕܘܣ ܕܟܠܩܝܕܘܢܐ°.. ‎JA. κο Ἡ οἱ‏ ܗܼܢܘܢ ܝܢ

‎1. Ms. ‏[ܦܝܣܩܘܦܐ‎ 3a*. — $, Ms. bonds.

‎whose name was Ephraim lthe son of Appian! of Amida; who iu his own
person displared beforeliand iu the church of God all the things that are to
be done in the world at the end by the false Christ. This man's brother
therefore was in the district of Armenia and Syria, holding the oilice of the
satrapy previously hell by the blessed Thomas himself?; and this man
stirred up a cruel perseention against all the believers in the district of Arme-
μία; and thereupon the chorepiseopi and the heads of convents and the rest of
the priests of the villages assemble before the blessed Thomas as before a
teacher and a learned man and a leader of men, so that a great assembly of
five hundred men was formed, saying, « Everything that he commands we
will do ». Then these things stirred up violent odium against the virtuous
Thomas himself, since they said, « He is a head and an example to all who
are in this district to rebel agaiust us ». Then, when the numbers of their
assembly had further mounted even to eight hundred, they thereafter received
sunmnonses to the praetorium ol the satrap, that they might do one of two
things, either assent to the impieiv of the synod of Chaleedon, or leave the

‎lor as a family name, ‘Bar Afyana'. — % CC Land, tt. 295. Hlence it appears thai these
events hi ppened al the lime of Ephraies descent lo lue E., which was at the end of 536 or beginning
of $37. ὦ προς. The satrapies were abolished. bs the ediet of. 18 Mar, 536 (p. 284, n. 3), but

‎{πὸ prs (ens voadd take some time 10 carry out. The beginning of Th.'s monaslie career must
Hin 16 ph eed ju 523.

