‎LIFE OF THOMAS TIIE ARMENIAN. 287‏ ]287[
‎Les‏ ܒܥܝ̈ܢܫܟܘܢ.. ܦܩܘܕܘܢ ܠܝ ܕܒܠܚܘܕ ܒܫܘܠܛܢܟܘܢ ܒܒܝܬܝ܂ ‎LI‏
‏ܐܬܒ . ܡܛܠ ܕܐܦ ܠܐ ‎ons‏ ܐܢܐ ܠܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ. ܘܡܛܠ ܡܢܐ ܐܠܨܐ ‎mas Sa‏
‎Lilo‏ ܘܐܐܩܒܠ ‎Jede.‏ ܘܟܕ ‎[2S5‏ ܐܬܕܡܪ ܒܠ̈ܡܠܘܗܝ܂ ‎JI‏ ܥܕܨܝܗܝ. ܐܠܐ ܦܩܝܼܕ
‎oo (anses,‏ ܘܢܥܕܬܪܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܐܸܫܕܬܪܝ܂ ܘܠܒܫܬܗ ‎Νὰ‏ ܒܚܝܕܘܬܐ. ܟܕ ‎has‏ .
ܠܐܠܗܐ܂ ܘܐܡܿܪ. ܕܡܟܝܠ ܠܡ ܕܦܪܩܢܝ ܐܠܗܐ ܡܢ ܒܙܬܐ ܘܡܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ ܘܥܩ̈ܬܐ. ܐܝܨܦ
ܕܩܢܘܡܝ ܘܕܒܝܬܝ܂ ܘܕܐܘ̈ܣܝܣ ‎«xl Ee C52.‏ ܒܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ. ܘܬܘܒ ܥܡ
‎va‏ ܐܗܽܘܐ ‎po‏ ܐܢܐ ‎dos) où es]‏ ܒܣܪܝܩܘܬܗ ܕܥܠܡܐ ܗܢܐ ܡܛܥܝܢܐ܇ ° ܘܟܢܫ
ܠܝ ܗܠܝܢ ܟܘܠܗܝܝܢ. ܘܡܛܠ ‎Joous‏ ܠܝ ‎oo‏ ܕܝܠܗ ‎bl 5ο hoias‏
‎μὲ ο νο Nash‏ ܡܢܗ ‎odas‏ ܙܕܩܝ̈ܬܐ. ܕܐܦܢ ܩܠܝܠ܂ ܢܫܟܚ |
ܪ̈ܚܡܼܐ ܒܫܘܡܐ ‎Lis‏ ܘܡܢ ܗܺܝ ܕܝܢ ‎easet‏ ܒܣܥܘܪܘܬܐ ܕܝܠܗܝܢ ܕܗܠܝܢ ‎-ΜῈΣ‏
‏ܟܕ ܠܘ ‎Races‏ ܐܝܟ ܟܠ ܐܢܫ ‎cie‏ ܗܘܐ ‎pne‏ ܐܠܐ ‎pa‏ ܗܘܐ ܟܣܝܐܝܬ
ܠܗ̇ܘ ܕܫ̇ܩܠ.. ‎Wale‏ ܗܘܐ ‎vais) Ww‏ ܩܕܡܘܗܝ ‎Lamas‏ ܟܕ ‎[ai‏ ܘܡܬܟܢܦ ¦
ܠܗ. ܕܢܦܚܣ ܠܐܠܗܐ ܕܢܩܬܒܠ ‎Lado eue‏ ܐܦ ܠܐܒܘܗܝ. ܟܕ ‎So: μοὶ‏

‎only to sit in silence in my house in your dominions: since 1 am indeed not

‎equal to the position of ruler; and why must ! overwhelm myself and others
and ineur sin? ». And the king, admiring his words, did not press him, but

‎ordered them to receive it' from him andlet him be released. Aud thus he
; was released, and went down to his house with joy. giving thanks to God
and saying : « Now that God has delivered me from robbery and cares and
anxieties, 1 will attend to myself and my house and my properties (οὐσίας),

‎and will administer them in a religious spirit; and further 1 will remember
my father who ran his course in the vanity of this deceitful world, and amassed
all these things for me. And, in order that 1 and his own spirit itself mav
receive deliverance, since 1 know that he did great injustice, 1 on my side
will give alins out of the very sum that he amassed, that he may find at
least a little merey on the judgment-day ». And from that time therefore he
: began to carry out these same things, and he did not give and aet in the
ordinary way like other men, but he would in private grasp the receiver, and
in private fall on his face before him weeping and beseeching him to entreat
God to aceept his purpose, and absolve his father also, saying, « Since you,

‎1. Sc. the account.
