[281] OF A MONK FROM THE SAME CONVENT. 281

ܘܚܐܙܝܢ ܚܘܝܚܘܬܗ. ‎e NO‏ ܠܗ ܕܚܦܝܛ ܕܒܩܒܠ ‎lo ΟΕ‏ ܠܫܪ
ܘܡܿܡܩܪܒ ܦܝܣܬܐ.. ܘܗܺܝ ܕܢ ܬܘܒ ܡܝܼܬܩܪܐ܂ ‎Jo‏ ܡܬܐܡܕ̈ܢ ܠܗ. ܕܗܐ ܠܡ
ܒܣܝܬ܂ ܘܗܐ ‎pe‏ ܕܠܡܐ ‎uw Lso‏ ܠܐ ܡܐ ܕܩܒܐܠܝܬ ܪܘܫܡܐ ܘܐܪܡܡܝܬ
ܫܬܐܣܬܐ ‎.-Jlas AS‏ ܬܘܒ ܢܗܦܘܟܡ ‎ik‏ ܕܡܢ ‎Jojo μοι‏ ܘܢܣ̈ܝܘܢܐ ܗܥܝܢ
ܕܠܐ ‎«Ἐς‏ ܠܟ ‎eM ο‏ ܘܟܕ ܟܘܠܗܝܢ ‎ΣΎ,‏ ܡܩܪܒܝܢ ܠܗ ܩܕ
ܡܕܒܚܐ ‎«opo‏ ܠܗ ‎Île,‏ ܘܫܩܬܠܝܢ ܡܢ ܐܡܐ ‎oso,‏ ܓܠܝܠܬܐ ‎[has‏ ,+
ܐܝܟ ܕܐܝܬ ‎eje Vas‏ ܠܥܠܡܡܝܐ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ ܫܩ̈ܠܝܢ. ‎«ο‏ ܠܗ. ܗܐ ܡܢ
‎Au] Jo E324. μοι‏ ܘܠܘ ‎Lis‏ ܐܬ ܕܟܪ ܟܠܡܕܡ ܕܣܥܝܪ ‎PS‏ ܘܐܦܚܣ ܥܠܘܗܝ
‎pe‏ ܐܠܗܐ.. ‎sole‏ ܥܠ ‎yon‏ ܩܬܕܡܝܐ܂ ‎oo‏ ܐܢܘܢ . ܘܐܬܕܟܐ ܡܢ ‎Sas‏
‏ܫܟܝܪܘܬܐ ܥܠܡܢܝܬܐ "ܬܠܬ ‎as‏ ܐܢ ‎οοι‏ ܕܚܡܼܡܣܢܬ ܠܘܬ ܡܫܝܚܐ.. ܗܝܕܝܢ
ܦܩܕ ܘܡܠܕܒܫܝܢ ‎y^‏ ܐܣܛܛܠܐ ܝܩܝܪܬܐ ܕܐܣܟܡܗ. ܘܣܐܡ ܥܙܩܬܐ 99
‎o4, 2029 t losa ds‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܟܟܝ̈ܩܝܢ ܠܗ ܬܘܒ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܬܠܬܐ ܝܕ̈ܚܫܝܢ

1. Ms. so.

his earnesiness and observiug his alacrity. And, if they see him to be eager
to receive the mark, and if he is vigilant and presents a petition, then iudeed
he is agaiu called, and many things are said to him : « You have tried, and
you have seen. Is it too hard for you? after vou have received the mark and
laid a foundation for repentance, let not Satan returu again ; for from this time
Struggles and temptations such as you have never seen will assail you ».
Aud, when he professes every thing, they preseut him before the altar and
make a prayer for him, and they take a small round piece from the crowu of
his head, as the custom is (aud they take it ονοι from many laymen?); and
they say to him : « From this time onward you become a peniteut, uot a mouk.
lemember everything that has been done by you, and make entreaty on
account ol it before God and repent of your lormer habits, and forget them;
aud cleanse yourself from all worldly foulness for three years. I so he you
have eloveu firmly to Christ, then he will eommaud, and they will elothe you
in the veuerable robe (στολή) of his habit (σχῆμα), and he will place on your
hand also the ring of observance of his commandments ». Aud so they leave
him again for three more months: aud again he presents a petition to be

1. Sc, those who are not inmates of a monastery ; cf. cli. 7.

* 69r° a.
