‎LIFE OF THOMAS THE ARMENIAN. 385‏ ]285[
ܗܘܐ ܂. ܐܝܟ ܛܟܣܐ ܕܪܒܘܬܐ. ܗܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܢܗܝܪܐܝܬ ‎αὐγὰ‏ ܗܘܐ . ܘܚܪܝܦܐܝܬ ܐܬܙܝ̣ܦܩ
ܒܫ̈ܢܝܐ ܣܓܫ̈ܐܬܐ. ܡܛܠ ܕܒܟܝܙܐ ‎Lio oar‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ‎μας να» y‏
ܘܟܕ ‎Joa‏ ܙܒܢܐ ‎Άμα.) sullo uo‏ .. ܡܟܝܠ ܐܒܘܗܝ ܠܗ ܠܥܘܠܛܢܐ ‎Jus‏
‏ܗܘܐ ܠܗ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎Lio!‏ ܕܐܪܟܝܐ ܪܒܬܐ ‎ami Jost «ade‏ ܠܗ. ܘܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ
ܡܬ ‎e + Joot au‏ | ܐ ܕܪܟܗ. ܘܒܗܽܘ ܝܘܡܐ ܐܝܟ ‎rl AA‏ ܘܠܗܝܢ ‎ο‏
‏ܘܦܝܼܫ ‎oo‏ ܗܢܐ ܒܪܗ ܥܠ ܒܝܬܗܼ ܘܥܠ ܫܘܠܛܢܗ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܐܚܘܗܝ܂ ‎Φ]ο JN‏
‎oq‏ ܕܝܢ ܒܪܝ ܡܬ ܚܫܒ ܒܝܢܘܗܝ ‎eo‏ ܘܐܡܿܪ. ܕܐܒܚ ‎exeo aol os μου où‏
‎.3kSo iso‏ ܗܐ ‎Jogos loraas‏ ܘܠܐ ‎N y}‏ ܥܡܗ ܐܠܐ ‎sg Jos NI‏
ܡܢ ܟܘܠܗ ܒܫܝܬܗ ܘܥܘܬܪܗ ܘܩܢܝܢܗ̄ ܘܫܘܠܛܛܢܗ. ‎Lilo‏ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܟܐ ܐܢ ܐܩܘܡ
ܘܐܘܣܦ ܥܠ ܩܢܝܢܗ ܕܐܒܚ܆. ‎eas]‏ ܘܐܟܘܬܗ ܐܠܦ ܙܒܢܝ̈ܢ.. ° ܡܐܬ ‎μὲ‏ ܡܚܪ
ܐܟܘܬܗܼ ܘܗܘܳܐ ܕܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ. ‎Jaco‏ ܕܕܠܘ̈ܛܣܐ ܘܣܪ̈ܝܚܐ ܘܕܙܢܝܝ̈ܐ ‎-Joë‏ ܘܡܦܪܚܚܝܢ ܠܗܼ
‎Ὁ...»‏ ܘܠܫ ܡܢܐ ‎[ses‏ ܡܢܗ. ܐܠܐ ܐܢ ܓܗܢܐ ‎JS) Lasso‏ ܡܛܠ

‎1. Ms, ‏.ܬܒܘܬܗ‎ — 2, Ms, with stop following.

‎scale demanded by the high position. Ie therefore was brilliantly instrue-
ted, and sagaciously educated, for many years; because by his owu nature
he possessed in general the quality of sagucity. And, when the time came
and he had been taught and had reccived a fivst-rate education, his father
began to oceupy himself in introducing him into the ollice itself, since he
was indeed destined to receive the charge (στρατία) of the great gover-
norship (Zgzs)'; and, while he was making these plans, the end over-
took him; and ‘on that day”, as it is written, « all his plans perished »?.
And this his son remained over liis house and over his office, his brother
also having died; and he too began to deliberate with himself and to say :
« My father, who aequired all this dignity and greatness and property and
riches, has left everything, and out of all his house and his riches and his
property and his office nothing has gone with him except sins only; aud I
therefore now, if 1 stay and add to my father's property to the saine extent
as he did, and to the same extent a thousand times over, shall presently die
as he did, and it will become the property of others, and perhaps it will
become the property of men who are prodigal and vieious and of fornicators,
and they will squander it in evil fashion; and to me what will come from it

‎1. L e., io succeed to ilie satrapy. — 2. Ps. CxLVI, f.

‎+ 70 ra.
