[301] LIFE OF SIMEON THE SOLITARY. 301

ܘܚܘܒܐ ܪܒܐ ܘܫܦܝܥܐ ܕܠܘܬ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܡܣ̈ܟܢܐ ܘܐܟܝ̈ܣܢܝܐ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܫܝ̈ܢܝܐ ܥܣܪܝܢ
‎CASA"‏ ܒܕܘܒܪ̈ܐ ܗܠܝܢ ‎ΜΕΥ Japan. NOH ων πω ος ο‏
ܘܐܙܠ ܠܛܛܘܪܐ ܚܕ ܕܥܠ ‎xw»‏ ܡܝܠܝܢ ܡܢ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ. ܘܒܬ ܒܝܕܘܟܬܐ ‎Je‏
‏ܘܕܐܠܝ ܘܐܝܼܡ ܠܗ ܟܘܪܙ̈ܚܐ ܬܡܝܢ.. : ܘܦܪܝ ܘܒܝܢܐ ܬܡܢ ‎L5‏ ܕܛܒ ‎xo.‏
‏900 ܟܕ ܡܢ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ‎Jon à ka‏ ܒܟܠܗ̇ ܚܫܚܬܗ. ܘܟܠܗܘܢ ܡܟܝܠ ܠܡܠܐ
ܬܡܝܗܐ ܕܕܘܒܕ̈ܘܗܝ ‎Jon Jlsansé [ζω‏ ܡܛܘܠ ܕܝܢ ܫܦܝܥܘܬ ܚܘܒܗ ܘܪܚܡܬ
ܐܟܝ̈ܣܢܝܐ ܘܡܡܣܟܢܐ ܕܡܬܓܘܙܠܐ ܗܘܬ ܒܗ . ܠܐ ܐܬܛܦܝܝܣ ‎οἱ 1. SE‏ ܬܪ̈ܥܝܐ
ܠܟܘܙ̈ܝܚܘܗܝ,. ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪ܂. ܕܗܟܢܐ ܬܗܘܐ ܦܫܝܩܐ ܠܡܫܝܚܐ ܡܪܝ ܡܐ ܕܐ݀ܬܐ ܠܘܬܝ.
ܕܢܥܘܠ ܠܒܝܬ ܡܥܡܪܝ ܒܝܕ ܠܝܼܒ̈ܕܘܗܝ ܦܢܫܛܐܝܬ ܘܕܠܐ ܥܘܟܪ. ܕܗܟܢܐ ‎mou‏
‏ܠܒܘܪܟܬܐ ܕܛܝܒܘܬܗ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎μονο‏ ܗܢܐ ܒܠܝܥ ܗܘܐ ܒܪܚܡܬ ‎Jai‏ ܘܒܚܘܒܐ
‎coms‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܟܕ ܥܕܠܬܐ ܬܩܕܪܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܗ ܕܢܦܘܩ ܡܢ ܟܘܪ̈ܚܘܗܝ.. ܠܐ ܐܚܕ ܗܘܐ
‎fl‏ ܘܡܣܝܬܪ ܗܘܐ ܡܕܡ ܡܢ ܡ̈ܐܢܝ ‎«ολ. ο‏ ܐܠܐ ܐܦ ܕܪܒܐ ܘܡܝ݀ܬܪܐ ܘܬܡܝܗܐ
ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܠܡܫܡܥܗܿܐ ‎Jon Veo‏ ܟܕ ܢܗܘܐ ܗܘܐ ‎où‏ ܕܢܪܚܩ. ܘܐܸܢ ܘܡܐ ‎«lo‏
‎IN Ale wo‏ ܡܢ ܩܠܝܬܗ. ‎uà‏ ܙܠܘ ‎a5‏ ܠܐ ‎Sp‏ ܗܘܐ ‎δουν‏ ܡܕܡ

1. Ms, tam. — 2, Ms, Hans.

labours, and espeeially the service of the saints, and great and abounding
love towards all poor men and strangers. But, when he had eompleted
iwenty years in these heavenly praetices, he desired to adopt tlie life of a
solitary; and he set out and went to a certain mountaiu two miles from the
eity; and he passed the night at a certain spot. And there he prayed and
traeed the plan of some cabins for himself, and he began and built some huts
there that were very marvellous, heing supplied by many persons with all
that he needed; and thereafter he used to earry out all the inarvellous labours
of his honoured course of life. But on aecount of the abundance of lis
eharity and the love of strangers and poor men that burned in him he would
not consent 10 make a court or gates for his huts, saying, « Thus it will be
open to Christ my Lord when he eomes to me to enter my dwelling in the
person of his bondmen simply and without impediment ; that so he may grant
me the blessing of his favour ». And so much was this saint smitten with
the love of God, and with thin love of his brethren, that, when occasion called
him to leave his huts, he did not close the door and conceal any one of the
arüeles of furniture in his cell, but also he used to do a thing that is parti-
cularly great and splendid aud marvellous to hear, wen it happened that
he was absent were it one day or two or three from hiscell. Not only did

* ATA P b.
