‎LIFE OF THOMAS THE ARMENIAN. 203‏ ]293[
ܠܗ ܕܝܢ ‎Hase ΙΝ‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܣܓܝ ‎Wes‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܩܪܝܢܐ܂ ‎ias)‏ ܟܬܒ̈ܐ
‎Hé;‏ ܘܡܛܠ ‎IR‏ ܗܕܐ ܠܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ ܪܒܬܐ ܡܪܕܝܬܗ ܥܡ ܬܠܬܐ ܡܢ
ܕܝܠܗ ‎qd‏ ܘܒܥܢܝܢܐ ܕܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ܐܦܝܣܩܘ̈ܦܐ:. ‎bise‏ ܕܡܢ ‎Loos ANS‏
‎où‏ ܙܒܢܐ ܬܡܢ ܟܢܫܫܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎.joo‏ ܘܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ‎NE‏ ܗܘܐ ܘܒܗܝܡܢܘܬ|܂
ܘܒܡܿܡܕܠܐ. ‎ς;5)‏ ܕܝܢ ܟܬܟ̈ܐ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ ܘܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ܕܟܠܗܘܢ ܐܒܙܘ̈ܬܐ܂. ܟܠ ܟܡܐ ܕܐܫܝ̣ܟܚ
‎poe‏ ܐܚܡ ‎[aae αν)‏ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐܼ. ܘܗܟܘܬ ܐܦ ‎Ρο»‏ ܒܕܝܢܪ̈ܐ܂ ‎Je‏ ܡܢ ‎Moto‏
‏ܘܗܦܕܟ܂ ܟܕ ܟܢܫ ܢܝ̈ܫܝܐ ܕܡܝܬܪܘܬܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܒܠܝܠܝܐ ܘܒܐܝܡܡܐ »
‎flic‏ ܐܡܝ̈ܢܬܐ ܘܬܫܡ̈ܡܫܬܐ ‎Bac ΨΥ‏ ܗܠܚܝܢ ܕܦܘܢܝܩ̈ܝܐ
ܘܕܡܪ̈ܬܝܢܘܬܐ ܘܕܕܘܓܡ̈ܡܛܝܩܐ ܕܐܒܗ̈ܬܐ ܐܡܝܢ ‎Jon‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܪܥܝܢܗ ܡܟܝܠ.. ܐܝܟ
‎Lasas‏ ܢܬ ܢܗܪ ܗܘܐ. ܡܝܢ ܒܬܪ ܕܝܢ ܫܢ̈ܝܐ | ܕܗܟܢܐ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܥܡ ‎Pis‏
‏ܕܥܘܡܪܗ ܘܠܗ ° ܐܨܚ ܗܘܐ . ܬܢܢܐ ܕܪܕܘܦܝܐ ܗܪܛܝܩܝܐ ܒܗ ܒܐܬܪܐ ܕܐܪܡܢܝܐ ܥܛܪ
ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܡܚܝܦܛܢܐ ܘܣܥܘܪܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ ‎Joë‏ ܗܘܐ܂. ܕܡܘܬܗ ܕܐܢܛܝܟܪܝܣܛܣ ܩܕܡܝܐ .
‎Lal où‏ ܕܒܐܢܛܝܘܟܝܐ ܫܘܠܝܛܢܐ ܕܦܛܪܝܪܟܘܬܐ ܒܗܽܘ ܙܒܢܐ ܐܚܝܕ ܗܘܐ. ܕܚܡܗ

‎blessed inan, hecause he used to bestow much labour on reading, conceived
the desire of obtaining some books of the fathers; and in consequence of
this desire he directed his journey to Alexandria the great with three of his
followers; and he entered into communication with the many holy bishops
and the others who on account of the perseeution were at that time collected
there'; and he was strengthened yet more both in the faith and in labours.
And he bought many great books of all the fathers, the full amount that he
could and was able to obtain, about five large loads?, and similarly also some
spices for a hundred denarii from Edessa; and he returned having collected
examples of virtue. And so he thenceforth oceupied himself constantly
night and day, besides constant prayers aud frequent repetitions of service,
in reading books of the fathers containing cominentaries and exhortatious
and dogmaties (δογματικα), so that thencelorward his mind was enlightened
like the sun, Alter twelve years during which the blessed mau with all the
rest of his conveut was thus distinguishing himself, the smoke of heretical
persecution was being exhaled in the same district of Armenia, the instigator
aud perpetrator of these things being the likeness of the original Antichrist,
the man who held the authority of the patriarchate in Antioch at that time,

‎τ. 519-536. — ?. Horses burdens (ἢ).

‎*73 1 D.
