* 08 v? bh.

28^ JOHN OF EPHESUS. [284]

ܒܥܢܝܢܗ ܒܣܝܡܐ ܘܪܘܚܢܝܐ ܗܘܼܝܢܢ܀ ܐܒܘܗܝ ܗܟܝܠ ‎μοι Loc‏ ܡܢ ‎Jens‏
‎ο) μοὶ‏ ܗܘܐ ܫܢܩ: ‎Ji.‏ ܪܒܐ ܘܡܫܡܗܐ ܘܝܕܝܥܐ ‎bil‏ ܡ̈ܠܟܶܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎Jos‏ +
‎HAS asc‏ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܕܣܛܛܪܦܘܬܐ ܒܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ܕܣܘܪܝܐ ܘܕܐܪܡܢܝܐ ‎κιν‏ ܣܓܺܝܐܬܐ. ܟܕ
ܫܡܝܥ ‎jou Να αδόο‏ . ܥܠ 2338[ ܘܥܠ ‎ακους μα‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎BK οἷν‏
ܓܒܪܐ ‎wie‏ ܛܒ ܛܒ. ܒܕܗܒܐ݀ ܘܒܣܐܡܐ݀ ‎inso‏ ܥܫ̈ܝܢܬܐ܂ ܘܟ̈ܝܼܕܐ ܣܓ̈ܝܐܐ. ܟܕ
ܘܟܠ ܡܕܡ ܕܝܠܗܼ ‎Jon nol‏ ܘܐܢ ܩܘܪ̈ܝܐ ‎DER 4e‏ ܘܐܢ ܦܪ̈ܕܝܣܐ ‎NC‏ ܒܢܝ̈ܢܐ
‎Jos‏ ܘܠܫܝ̈ܢܝ ܒܪܒܝܘܬܗܘܢ. ‎Lin]‏ ܕܐܦ ‎A‏ ܡܢ ‎Je‏ ܕܗܘܘ ܒܡܕܢܚܐ ‎Ns.‏ .5 ܗܘܐ
‎Lo sio‏ ܗܟܝܠ ܒܪܐ ܗܢܐ 9 ܥܡ ܐܚܘܗܝ ܐܚܪܢܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ. ‎Sly où‏
ܥܡܗ ‎Sup [ES Deco‏ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܫܡܗ. ‎po‏ ܗܘܐ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܒܬܛܝܠܘܬܐ ‎DER‏
‏ܕܢܬ ܐܕܐ ܒܚܟܡܬܐ ܕܝܘ̈ܢܫܐ܂ ܟܠ ‎Lise jx»‏ ܟܕ ܒܒܚܪܛܘܣ ܘܒܐܢܛܚܘܟܝܐ
ܘܒ̈ܕܘܟܝܬܐ ܐܚܖ̈ܢܝܬܐ ° ܚܝܗܳܒ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܢܦܩ̈ܬܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܬܐ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܡܿܦܩ

man with whom we were in pleasant and spiritual intercourse for thirty
years after his training '.

0 saint's father therefore, whose name was Snq, was formerly a great,
renowned, and distinguished man before the kings?, and he held the oflice of
the satrapy jn the districts of Syria and Armenia * lor many years, while the
kings* and all the leading men listened to him and weleomed him, inso-
much that the man became exceedingly rich and great, in gold and silver,
and extensive lands, and many slaves; while everything that he possessed
was on a great scale, were it fields or woods, or parks (παράδεισος) or high
buildings of vast size; insomaeh that in riches and dignity he held a very
high place among those who were in the East. This man therefore had
this devout son besides another brother; and he also as well as himself was
distingruislied aud. renowned before the kings?: and he bestowed great care
upon him that he might receive the best possible education in the wisdom
of the Greeks, placing him at Berytus and at Antioch and at other places,
while Le also spen! large. sums of money on him in accordance with the

ι. < po 290, n... — 2, Or ‘king and queen”. — 3, This seems Lo be an exaggevated stalement,
Phe only satrapies were those of The 5 Armenian. lerrituries which Justinian in 536 combined into
Arana iu IV. 000 31), and (hat < ( post was oue of the

is confirmed by the ἴδε! thal his son
had ach retta y claim lo the suceession, — The. district was apps, Balabitene, since the heredilary
tenur où !Le ether satrapies was aholished by Zeno. (Proc, ‏ܨ‎ 1t, ἢ. The | salrapies mighl be
describes either Syria or Armenia, and ® lis is what J. means, Cf, p. 291.

——— — ——— “ἢ
