ܫ

‎JOHN OF EPIESUS. [292]‏ 293
‎E MEE‏ ܡܣܕܒܪ ܐܢܬ ܕܡܬܓܝܼܒܪ ‎NT‏ ܡܡܙܕܟܐ ܐܢܬ. ܐܸܢ
ܐܐ ‎Sp‏ ܐܢܬ ‎τν ο‏ ܐܢܬ . ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܬܗ ܗܘܐ ܒܢ܂ ܟܕ ‎δὲ‏ ܐܪܐ
ܠܡܐ ܟܕ ‎Ress‏ ܗܠܝܢ ‎LG‏ ܒܣܡ̈ܡܬܐ: ܘܡܡܫܬܝܦܢ ܡܢ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ܘܡܬܡܪ̈ܘܢ
ܒܒܛܝܠܘܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ: ܕܠܡܐ ܐܬܐ ܗܘܐ ܐܢܫ 551 ‎Jo‏ ܕܣܦܩ ‎Ro‏ ܗܢܐ
ܫܒܘܩ ‎LES‏ ܗܺܝ ‎Hal‏ ܕܐܬܓܐܝ܂. ‎ὁμοῦ, «NS Los μὸν»‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ
ܟܕ ܬܗܝܪܝܢ ܗܘܝܚܢ ܒܚܠܝܡܘܬ ܬܪܥܝܬܗܼ ܡܗܼܡܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ. ܥܠ ‎bis‏ ܕܝܢ ܕܕܘܒܪ̈ܐ
‎jx» ο‏ ܬܩܫ̈ܦܐ ܕܣܡ̣ܘ: ܠܘ ܒܠ ܚܘܕ ܥܠ ܢܦܢܗܘܢ: ‎μὲ‏ ܘܪܟ ܐ
ܕܬܠ ܡܫ̈ܕܘܗܝ ܘܐܢܬܬܗ ܘܒܢܘܗܝ܂. ܠܐ ܣܦܩܝܢܢ ‎o] Lis‏ ܕܢܟܬܘܒ. ܕܗܟܝܢܝܐ܂
‎NV.‏ ܘܡܐ ܕܦܓܪ̈ܢܐ ‎2p .000 va‏ ܬܘܒ ‎Dt‏ ܬܗܼܝܪܐ ‎fsio‏ . ܕܒܗܽܘ ‎Lias‏
‎Jess ass‏ ܩܕܡܝܐ ܟܠ ܚܕ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ.. ܐܦ ‎as aan Li.) où‏

‏ܐܫܟܚܗ. ܟܕ ܠܐ ܐܬܩܛܥ܂ ‎οἱ‏ ܐܬ݀ܪܦܝ ‎Ji Apo‏ ܒܟܘܪ̈ܗܢܐ܂ ܘܠܐ ° ‎a Joss‏

‏ܕܦܓܪܗ. ܘܠܐ ܒܥܙܝܙܘܬܐ ܕܩܘܪܐ ܕܣܬܘܐ.. ܘܠܐ ܒܬܩܝܦܘܬܗ ܕܚܘܡܐ ‎loo δου‏

‎]. Ms. «5ο: corr, v. D. and L.

‎yourself to he showing prowess, you will be defeated, if you do not attend
to these uleers, and you will fall ». But he would look in astonishment at
us, saying : « Then (άρα), when these feet are anointed with drugs, and are
rubbed by many persons and cleaned with great care, someone would perhaps
come and say, ‘They have enough, now let them pay for the outward show
with which they have been magnified, lest they be requited for it in hell ».
And so, being amazed at the soundness of liis intellect, we would allow the
inatter to drop.  Ofthe rest of the severe praetices and heavy labours which
they. laid not only on themselves, but also the rest of their disciples and his
wife and children !, we are not capable of composing a relation or description,
so far did they transcend the limits of eorporal ercatnres. And this again
is a point that is very admirable and great, that at the beginning when they
began, the first day, each one of them found the last day also, that of his
end (5°, without wearying of the life or slackening aud falling off, through
sicknesses, or througli the infirinity of his body, or through tlie. intensity of
Ihe winter cold, or through. the extremity of the summer heat.  Bul the

‎Be τὴ ἢ The same? ?. The Ryris awkward. — 2. Edo not understand is. V. D, and 18
‏ܐ‎ 1 deat ance qualia die 15 faeere coeperant, etiam postremo die talia agentes vidi' may express
Hiec me, 1d ded, bul is nol in liie text.
