* ? v? b.

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [288]‏ 388
ܕܐܢܬܘܢ ‎Juez‏ ܐܪܓܙܬܘܢ ܠܐܠܗܐ ܒܒܙܬܐ ܘܒܛܠܘܡܝܐ. ܐܦܝܚܣܘܢܝܗܝ ‎MSS‏
‏ܕܠܝܬ ܣܟܐ ܠܒܝ̈ܫܬܢ. ‎όλος‏ ܠܢ ܘܢܬܪܚܚܡ ܥܠܚܝܢ ܒܫܘܡܗ ܪܒܐ. ܕܐܼܦ ‎oo‏
‏ܗܢܐ ܡܕܡ ܕܝܗܿܒܝܢܢ.. ܡܢ ܕܡܐ ܕܢܦܫ̈ܬܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܕܡܣܟ̈ܢܐ ܘܕܒܝ̈ܫܐ܇. ܘܕܝ̈ܬܡܐ
ܘܕܐܪ̈ܡܠܬܐ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܙܒܢܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܣ݀ܥܪ ܗܘܐ ,. ܟܠ ܐܢܫ ܬܗܝܪ ܗܘܐ ‎as‏
‏ܘܡܡܫܟܝܝ ‎ο)‏ . ܕܐܝܙܐ ܐܒܐ ܩܫܝܐ܂ ܘܚܬܛܘܦܐ.܆. ܠܐܝܢܐ ܒܪܐ ‎Lj»‏ ܘܝܗܘܒܐ ܘܡܪܚܡܢܐ
ܐܘܠܕ. ܟܕ ‎DER του ci‏ ܠܘܬ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܣܢܝ̈ܩܐ ° ‎£a‏ ܗܘܐ ܘܝܗܽܒ܂. ܥܡ
ܗܠܝܢ ܬܪܒܝܬܐ ‎Jlis os‏ )© ܚܘܟܟ̈ܘܗܝ ‎Ie‏ ܗܘܘܢ. ‎Lin)‏ ܕܢܬܐܣܬܐܼ

‏¦ ܚܠܝܡܬܐ ܠܬܝܒܘܬ| ܪܝ ‎bs ους‏ ܘܕܘܡܐ ܘܕܠܚܘܬܐ ‎Vas‏ ܥܕܢ. ܟܕ ܡܕܡ

‏ܡܟܝܠ ܡܢ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܦܬܛܦ̈ܓܘܗܝ ܘܬܘܩܪܙܘ̈ܗܝ ܪ̈ܘܪܒܐ.. ܠܐ ‎ske‏ ܗܘܐ ܐܠܐ ܐܢ
ܠܚܡܐ ܒܠܚ ܘܕ ܘܡܠܚܐ. ‎Ne Sas‏ ܕܝܢ ‎No‏ ܪܕܘ ܚܘܦܒܘܗܝ ܠܩܕܡܝܗܘܢ..
ܥܕܡܐ ܕܐܬܘ ‎SH: Je‏ ܟܠ ‎οὗ‏ ܘܢܬܠ ‎lasse‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܡܐܢ ‎sea‏
‏ܘܢܣܒ ܨܠܝܒܗ ܘܢܐܙܠ ܒܬܪܗ. ‎Joe‏ ܠܐ ܠܘܚܪ ܠܡܣܥܪ. ‎JI]‏ ܡܟܝܠ ܠܪܘܪ̈ܒܢܐ
‎auno «9.511 v κας οκ ο τα λος‏ ܕܝܠܗ ܗܠܝܢ
ܕܒܠܬܚܘܡܝܗܘܢ.. ‎(lo‏ ܕܝܢ 08 ܠܐ ܢܬܬܥܝܩܘܢ ܟܕ ܢܘܟܖ̈ܝܐ ܢܙܒܝܼܢܘܢ ‎ox‏ ܟܕ

‎my brothers, have not provoked God by robbery and injustice, eutreat him
on our behalf, of whose wiekednesses there is no end, that he may be recon-
ciled to us, and have merey upon us in the great day; since even this which
we are giving comes from the blood of the souls of the poor and of the indi-
gent, and of orphans and of widows ». When he bad been doing these
things for a long time, everyone was astonished at him and praised God,

‎thinking what a cruel and rapacious father had begotten what a just and '
generous and mereiful son. But, while he was making many distributions -

‎of «lms to all the needy and giving them, during these things his thoughts
also were receiving a praiseworthy advance, so that he began to lay à sound
foundation for penitence, with atlliction and fasting and prayers at all times;
and henceforth out of all his great dainties and delicacies he fed on nothing
except bread only and salt; and gradually his thoughts progressed until they
reaelied this point, to sell all that he possessed and give to the needy as
our Lord also commanded, and take his cross and follow him'. Aud this he
did not delay to carrv out, but he tlierenpon sent a message to the magnates of
the district his neighbours, and stated that, if they were willing to buy his
lauds which bordered upon them —. and, if not, they were not to be annoyed

‎Ath xix, δὲ (x, 8]

