#73 rh

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. [304]‏ 304
ܐܝܕܗ ܥܠ ܡܕܡ܆. ܥܡ ܐܠܗܐ ‎Jan‏ ܕܟܠ ܐܝܬ ܠܗ. ܘܗܢܐ ‎aus‏ ܙܠܘ ܐܙܕܗܼܪܘ
ܒܢܦܫܟܘܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎Jia‏ ܐܢܘܢ . ܘܛܒܕܐ ܕܢܨ̈ܚܢܘܗܝ ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ܒܟܘܠ ܕܘܟ ܡܬܡܠܠ
ܗܘܐ. ܒܬܪܟܢ ܕܝܢ܂. ܐܦ ܟܝܡܘܢܬ ܕܪܕܝܦܘܬܐ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܥܠ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܥܡ ܫܪܟܐ ‎os‏
‏ܥܕܬܐ܂ ܐܬܬܠܚܪ. ‎pee [PSN ES‏ ܐܝܬ ‎Rai‏ ܡܬܟܬܫ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܥܝܘܡܕ̈ܐ

‏ܟܠܗܘܢ ܐܬܚܕܣܢܘ ‎oco) lo‏ ܡܢ ܪܕܘܦܝܐ܂. ܘܡܢ ܐܬܪܐ ‎ail) eo‏ ܘܗܼܘ ‎mI‏

‏ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎y‏ ܘܓܢܒܪܐܝܬ ܐܬ݀ܟܬܫ. ‎so‏ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎ds‏ ܒܠ ܙܝܙܘܬܗ ܕܪܕܘܦܝ ܐ
ܡܬܗܦܟ ‎Jano. -.Joot‏ ܘܡܥܡܕ ܒܝܠܬܝܚܝܐ ܘܒܚܙܐܝ ‏ ܡܝܡܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܗܕܐ >
ܦܣܝܼܩ.. ܕܣܟ ܐܠܐ ܐܢ ܡܢ ‎Jn‏ ܕܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ܠܟܪܣܗܼ ܠܐ ܢܥܘܠ. ܐܠܐ ܥܡܠ ܗܘܐ

‏ܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ‎Rando‏ ܣܘܢܩܢܗ ܕܝܠܗܢ. ܘܕܫܪܟܐ ܕܐܦ̈ܣܢܚܐ ܕܒܬܛܘܢܝܐ ‎Was‏ ܗܘܐ ..
ܘܡܢ ܥܡܠܗ ‎ase.‏ ! ' ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎Lors‏ ܥܡܬ ܐܢܝܐ ܐܬܟܬܫ. ܘܟܠܡ
ܒܣܗܕܘܬܐ ‎Jit‏ ܒܢܨܚܢܐ ܕܓܢܒܪܘܬܐ. ܟܕ ܥܝܕܡܝܐ ܠܡܘܬܐ ܥܠ ‎Ινο..» ἀϑὶ‏
ܡܬܟܬܫ ܗܘܐ܀

‎res ‏ܬܫܟܝܬܐ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܫܡܥܘܢ‎ Avr

‎1. Ju erasure wilh erased word following.

‎to stretch out his hand and lay it upon anything has to deal with God the
Judge of all? And now, my sons, go and beware ». And so he dismissed
them'. And the fame of the saint's triumphs was spoken of everywhere.
But afterwards the storm (χειμών) of persecution was stirred up against the
same blessed man also together with all the rest of the church; and he
bravely and heroically eontended in the contftets (ἀγών), while all the con-
vents were overcome and defeated hy the persecution, and driven from the
whole district?, And he himself held firm; and thus he persevered and
maintained a heroic contest; and he used to go about the city itself at
the very height of the perseeution, and give absolution and baptize
night and day, while he had previously determiued this also, that nothing
should enter his bellv except [rom the labour of his hands; but he used
τὸ labour with his hands in proportion to his own needs, and those of
the other strangers whom lie. was in the habit of receiving in secret and
relieving out of his labour. And thus he contended several years while
oecupied in this labour; and he ended his life. with this reputation. in the
triumph of herolsm, while contending until death on behalf of the truth.

‎The history of the blessed Simeon the solitary is ended.

‎1 similar slorv is [old in tinus, 9 Mon, 6 |  ( 383). 2. This seems to mean
Uiat soi κ ος and others went info. exile.
