ܐܝܬ

——————————————————— MM ————-.

[297] LIFE OF THOMAS TUE ARMENIAN. 207

ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܡܬܘܥܕܝܢ ܗܘܝܢ: ܘܐܝܟ ܗܽܘ ‎c?‏ ܗܘܝܢ ܕܠܘܒܟܒܐ ‎eal‏ ܠܗ. ‎οοι‏
‏ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܚܝܠܬܢܘܬܗ ܡܿܡܚܘܐ ܗܘܐ ܘܠܒܚܒܘܬܗ. ܟܕ ‎bl s‏ ܠܘ ܒܠܚܘܕ
ܐܬ ܛܪ ‎οἱ‏ ܚܕ ܡܘܬܐ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܚܠܦ ‎lex; Lol‏ ܡܛܝܒ ܐܢܐ ܐܠܐ
ܘܪ̈ܒܘ ‎la‏ ܐܠܘ ‎L pe‏ ܢܡܘܬ ܒܪ ‎Las]‏ ܘܗܕܐ ‎GM‏ ܠܐ ܡܥܝܩܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܟܝܠ
‎Jiads δι Joys‏ ° ܘܥܣܩܘܬܐ ܕܣܓܝ̈ܐܬܐ ܕܒܗܘܢ.. ‎Le μαις ASS‏
‎Joost «κκ‏ ܟܕ ܓܝܪ ‎uns) où μὰ‏ . ܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ ܚܕܐ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܬ ܒܣܡ. ܟܕ
ܡܟܝܠ ‎Jo‏ ܙܥܘܪܬܐ ܕܕ̈ܦܐ ܥܕܒܕ ܠܗ . ‎flexo‏ ܪܒܐ ܕܕܘܒܪ̈ܘܗܝ ܟܣܺܝܝܐ܂ ‎ὃν»‏
‎JLsasss‏ ܗܘܐ ܟܕ ܦܕܣܩ ܥܠ ܢܦܫܗ ܠܓܡܪ. ܕܠܐ ‎[σον‏ ܘܠܐ ܚܡܪܐ ‎DAMM‏
‏ܐܶܢ ‎Lou‏ ܠܐ ܬܠܝܼܨܝܘܗܝ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܙܪ̈ܥܘܢܐ܂ ܘܡܝܢ ܐܒܐ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܡܬܬܪܣܐ ܗܘܐܼ. ܒܙܒܢ
ܡܢ ‎INR‏ ܠܦܒܬܐ.. ܘܒܚܕ ܒܫܒܐ ܬܘܒ. ܘܒܙܒܢ ‎ANS‏ ܘܠܬܠܬܐ ܝܘ̈ܡܝܢ.
ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܝܡܘܗܒܬ| ܕܬܐܘܪܝܐ ܟܣܝܬܐ ܢܥܝܼܬܘܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎Slo‏ ܒܢܘ̈ܗܝ ܕܗܽܘܚܢ ܗܘܘ
‎IN‏ ܒܕܘܒܪܐ ܗܢܐ ܪܒܐ ܡܡܕܪܫ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܛܘܒܢܝܬܐ ܐܢܬܬܗ ܐܝܕܐ
ܕܡܐܪܝܐ ܡܬܩܪܝܐ ܗܘܬ ܂. 991« ܒܗܘܢ ܒܕܘܒܪ̈ܐ ‎Nae‏ ܢܦܫܗܿ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܥܡܿܠܐ ܗܘܬ ܐܦ

the presence of the same blessed man himself, and wished as il were to offer
him consolation, he would show his fortitude and his courage yet more by
saying, « For my part I am ready not only to be expelled or to die one death
only for Christ's sake, but also, if it were possible for a man to die ten thou-
sand deaths, even this will not distress me ». And so thenceforward the
severe life of the mouniains and the multifarious hardships existing upon
them were counted by those persons as a spacious garden; for, when he had
found that quiet retreat, he had great joy and pleasure, and he thereupon
made himself a small hut of planks, and used to carry out the great labour
of his secret practices in it, having laid down an absolute rule for himself
not to taste bread or wine unless constrained by necessity (ἀνάγκη); and thus
he would feed on pulse and some fruit ouly, sometimes [rom one week to the
next and again on the first day of tho weck, and sometimes every two or
three days, so that he was granted the gilt of secret vision (θεωρία). And so
also his sons too who were three he used io irain in this great method of
life, in the same way as liis blessed wife who was called Maria also yoked
herself to the same mode of life, and she also laboured in the same way,

that it was after tlie 30 years that he visiled him. At p. 28% the 20 years are reckoned from the beginning
of his monastic life (522), which brings us lo 55%, bul see p. 291, note, Since J. wrote in 566 (see
Introd.), 30 years should probably not be lahen as an exact reckoning.

* ?4 rb.
