* G8 νο à.

MOSES

280 JOIIN OF EPHESUS. [280]

‎να,‏ ܥܠܟ. ܘܟܕ ‎Los Lo‏ ܢܐܠܦܘܢ.. ܫܒܩܝܢ ܠܗ ܒܬܪܥܐ܂ ܬܠܬܝܢ
ܝܘ̈ܡܝܢ. ܟܕ ‎cl‏ ܕܚܝ̣ܙܝ ° ܕܕܠܡܐ ‎"Ὁ‏ ܠܟ ܚܘܫܒܡ ܡܛܠ ܡܕܡ ‎.yesol,‏
‏ܐܘ ܡܛܠ ܓܢܣܐ܇. ‎οἱ‏ ܡܛܠ ‎οἱ ΜΕΝΑ]‏ ܡܛܠ ‎Juro‏ ܡܕܡ. ܗܪܟܐ ܬܒ .
‎yw ἔωο‏ ܬܠܬܝܢ ܝܘ̈ܡܚܝܢ: ܐܢ ܡܫܟܚ ܐܢܬ ܕܬܡܘܬ ܡܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܥܠܡܐ..
ܘܗܿܝܕܚܢ ܠܐܠ ܐܢܬ ܕܬܐܚܐ ܥܡ ܡܫܝܚܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܗܕܐ ܬܕܥ ܢ. ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܡܝܬܐ ܡܐ
ܕܐܦܩܘܗܝ ܡܢ ܒܝܬܗ ܘܐܥܠܝܘܗܝ ܠܩܒܪܐ: ‎J‏ ܡܟܝܠ ‎ο‏ ܕܐܘ ܒܩܠܝܠ ‎οἱ‏
‎οἱ μμ οἱ ah RA‏ ܢܕܥ ܐܸܢ ܐܝܬ ܠܗ ܡܕܡ ܡܢ ܕܥܠܡܐ.,. ܗܟܢܐ
‎cà‏ ܕܡܬܩܒܪ ܠܘܐ ܐܠܗܐ.. ܐܢ ܠܗ 5 ܕܢܫܡܫ.. ܬܘܒ ܠܝܬ ܠܗ ܡܕܡ ܡܢ
ܕܥܠܡܐ ܟܠܗ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܘ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܕܠܒܪ ܡܢܗ ܗܘܳܐ ܢܘܟܪܝܐ܂. ܐܠܐ ܘܐܦ
‎οοι‏ ܠܗ ‎JN: ΒΩ‏ ܗܶܢܘ ‎ec‏ ܕܢܫܒܘܩ ܥܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ܕܡܝܢ ‎Qro‏ ܘܗܝ ܕܝܢ
ܡܬܩܪܒ. ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܕܝܢ ܬܠܬܝܢ ‎che Ni d‏ ܠܗ ‎au,‏ ܬܘܒ ܗܵܢܝܹܝܢ
ܟܕ ܗ̈ܢܝܼܚܢ ܘܣܓ̈ܝܐܬܐ ܐܡܪܝܢ ‎«o.‏ ܘܗܝܕܝܢ ܠܐܠ ܠܓܘ. ܟܕ ‎mom‏ ܠܗ ‎hes‏
‏ܘܐܦ ܬܒܥܝܢ ‎où‏ ܕܢܬܐܡܝܢ ܒܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܘܫܗܪܐ ܥܡ ܐܚܘܬܐ܂ ܘܦܘܠܚܢܐ ܕܫܒܬܐ:
ܘܢܚܩܐ ܟܠܗ ܨܥܝܪܐ ܕܕܝܪܐ܂ ܐܝܟ ° ܬܠܬܐ ܝܪ̈ܚܝܢ. ܟܕ ܡܿܡܢܣܝܢ ܚܦܝܛܘܬܗܼ

‎had this resolution in you? »; and on learning all these things they allow him
to stand at the gate for thirty days, saying, « Beware lest your thoughts urge

‎you to return for any reason, for the sake of kindred (γένος), or for the sake of | :

‎wife, or for the sake of any property. Sit here, and try your thoughts for
thirty days, il you can die to the things of the world, and then you shall come
in to live with Christ, knowing this also, that, as a dead man, alter they
have carried him out of his house and laid him in the grave, is no longer able
either in small or iu. great degree to consider or think or know if he has any
worldly property, so he who is buried with God, if he seeks to serve him,
has no more any kind of worldly property, so that not only does he become
stranger to things outside hin, but he also seeks even to forget himself, that
is to abandon his former habits, and then he approaches ». But after thirty
days, if they see that he is kiudled with enthusiasm(?), they again say the
same things to him and many words, and then he comes inside, while they
33 him free admission aud also require him to be regular in attending service
ana svalehing with the brotherliood, aud the weekly miuistration', and all the
ihe iii nial Libour of the monastery for about three mouths, making trial of

‎I. 0 ΔΕ 9 et the Aehbdomadarit ; see p. 62, n. 2.
