‎LIFE OF TIIOMAS THE ARMENIAN. 289‏ ]289[
ܕܝܢ ܗܕܐ ܐܫܬܡܼܥܬ.. ܐܝܟ ܗܿܝ ܕܡܪܝܐ ܒܡܬܠܐ ܐܡܿܪ: ܕܓܒܪܐ ܠܡ ܕܡܫܟܚ
ܣܝܡܼܬܐ ܒܩܪܝܬܐ: ‎«3o‏ ܟܘܠ ‎μον.‏ ܘܙܒܢܗ̇ ܠܩܪܝܬܐ ܗܺܝ܂. ܗܟܢܐ ܟܠ ܐܢܫ
‎Ro};‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܚܦܝܛ ܗܘܐ ‎v»:‏ ܟܠ ܡܕܡ ‎NA,‏ ܗܘܐ ‎sac‏ ܘܚܕܐ ܡܢ
‎à.‏ "ܙ ܐ * ‎Lies‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܬܡܝܙܘܬܐ ‎JKaïolo‏ ° ܢܙܒܢ ܗܘܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܟܕ ‎oi sais‏ ܗܘܐ
ܕܢܩܕܘܡ 9019{ ܘܬܘܒ ܕܐܦ ܠܐ ‎joo «κ. νὸ ge ox‏ ܒܙܒܢܐ ‎Jiasy‏ ܐܘܣܝܐ
ܪܒܬܐ ‎p‏ ܠܐ ܘܠܝܗܝ. .ܠܐ ‎faxis: fisas‏ !.- ܘܠܐ ܬܩܝܦܘܬ| ܕܦܠܣܛܘ̈ܐܐ ‎μαι;‏
‎e‏ ܣܕܝܕ̈ܢ ܗܘ̈ܝܢ. ܘܠܐ ܣܒܝܣܘܬܐ ܕܥܒ̈ܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ܘܕܦܪ̈ܕܝܣܐ ‎wd‏
‏ܒܐܒ̈ܒܢܝܗܘܢ܂ ‎Jo.‏ ܪܓܝܓܘܬܐ ܕܒܝܬ ‎Las‏ ܘܕ̈ܓܢܚܐ ܘܕܟܪ̈ܡܐ:. ܘܟܪܟܐ ܕܫܘܪ̈ܐ ܡܬ ܝ̈ܚܐ
ܕܬܩܚܦܐܝܬ ܥܠ ܡܪ̈ܓܐ ܘܟܪ̈ܡܐ ܘܐܒܒ̈ܢܐ ܚܕܝܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܐܠܐ ܘܐܝܟ ‎"locos‏ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ
ܡܢ ܚܡܪ̈ܐ ܐܢܫ ܢܪܘܐ܂. ܗܟܢܐ ܪܘܼܝܬ ‎easi‏ ܒܐܠܗܐ ̄ ܘܕܪܐ ܩܢܝ̈ܢܘܗܝ ܟܠܗܘܢ
ܒܪܬܚܐ ܕܚܘܒܗ. ܟܕ ܡܟܝܠ ܥܝܢܐ ܕܬܪܥܝܬܗ. ܡܬܒܩܫܚܐ ܗܘܬ ܒܗܠܝܢ ܩܢܝ̈ܢܐ
ܕܡܿܟܬܪܝܢ. ܘܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܙܒܢܐ܂ ܠܐ ‎υἱοὶ‏ ܠܗ ܒܘܕܪܗܘܢ.. ܟܕ ‎Nas‏
‏ܒܡܒܘ̈ܗܒܬܐ ܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ ܕܣܢܝ̈ܩܐ ‎She‏ ܘܕܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܐܝܬ ܠܗܘܢ ‎vise‏ ܚܘ̈ܒܐ..

‎1 Ms. sing. — 2. Ms. 1835; corr. v. D. and L. — 3. Ms. ser

‎| at strangers buying them. And, when this news was received, like that
‘which our Lord says in the parable, « A man who finds treasure in a field
hath sold all that he possessed and bought that field »', so everyone
who had anything was eager to sell all that he had, and buy one of these
admirable and extensive fields. And so, since everyone hastened to be the
first to buy, and further since he himself also did not do much valuing, in a
short time he sold the great estate (οὐσία), not being deterred by the beauty
of tlie buildings, nor the extensiveness of the courts that were scattered
over these lands, nor the thickness of the many woods and of the parks
(παράδεισος) with various kinds of fruit, nor the attractiveness of the irrigation
and of the gardens and of the vines, and the circuit of long walls whicli

‎formed a strong fence round the meadows and vines and fruit; but, just as
a man becomes often drunk from wines, su his soul became drunk on God,
and he scattered all his possessions in the fervour of his love; since the eye
of his mind was heuceforth set on the possessions that remain, and the
scattering of temporal ones therefore did uot trouble him, while heuceforth
he devoted himself to making gifts on a large scale to the needy and the
distressed, and to those who had ereditors, and to churches and monasteries,

‎1. Id.. xiu, 5.
PATR. OR. — T. XVII. — Εν Ll. 20
