* ΤῈ Ὑ ἃ.

296 JOHN OF EPIIESUS. [296]

‎bh‏ ܒܐܬܪܐ ܐܘ ܕܘܟܬܐ ܐܣܝܪ ]68 ‎κί‏ ܕܬܦܩܝܢܝ ܡܢ ܐܬܪܐ ‎NT Ics‏ ܐܢܐ ܡܢ
ܪܡܫܐ ‎«ao‏ ܐܢܐ. ܕܬܗܘܐ ܝܪܥ ‎Jh‏ ܐܸܢ ‎ases‏ ܐܠܗܝ ‎où‏ ܕܒܫܡܗ ܐܬܦܝ̣ܪܩܬ ܠܐ
ܐܣܝܪ ܐܢܐ ܒܡܕܡ ܐ̱ܚܪܝܢ. ‎où‏ ܕܝܢ ‎bel‏ ܠܗ. ܕܐܸܢ ܨ ܒܐ ܐܢܬ ܕܬܝܩܪ ܢܦܢܟ ܘܠܐ
ܬܗܘܐ ܚܪܒܐ ܒܐܬܪܐ ܘܟܠܗ ܡܛܠܬܟ ܦܘܩ ܡܢ ܐܬܪܐ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ܂ ܚܕܝܐܝܬ
‎iso‏ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܕܢܦܘܩ. ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪ܂. ‎e»‏ ܢܬܠ ܠܝ ‎οδ δν LAS‏ ܫܡܗ
ܪܒܐ ܕܡܫܝܚܐ ܐܠܗܝ ܐܬܪܕܦ. ܐܦ ܠܐ ܓܝܪ ‎jex» οἱ Rois‏ ܐܢܐ ‎Jim he‏
ܘܘܟܢܐ ܡܢ ܐܬܪܗ ܢܦܩܢ ܥܡ ܟܠ ܕܥܡܗ. ܘܫܪܟܗ ܕܟܢܘܢܝܐ ‎où‏ ܘܟܠܗ ܒܬܪܗ ‎ο‏
‏ܘܡܙܗܘܢ ܠܐܬ ܪܘܬܐ ܐ̱ܚܪ̈ܢܐ. ܘܡܢܗܘܢ ‎Jod.‏ ܩܢܫ̈ܐ ܘܥܣ̈ܟܐ. ܘܙܘܟܢܐ ܪܕܘܦܝܐ ‎Lama‏
‏ܘܩܢܝܐ ܡܚ ܡܣܢܢܐܝܬ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܒܟܘܠ ܕܘܡ ܡܣܝܒܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ‎OQ‏ ܕܝܢ ܛܘܒܢܐ
ܠܐܬܪܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܐ ܩܠܘܕܝܐ܂ ‎ο tas‏ ܬܡܢ ܙܒܕܢ. ܘܟܘܪ̈ܚܐ ܙܥܘܖ̈ܐ ܕܕܝܪ̈ܬܐ ܬܪ̈ܬܝܢ
‎Lan‏ ܘܕܓܒܪ̈ܐ ܒܕܘܟܬܐ ܗܺܝ ‎Jed:‏ ܪ̈ܡܐ ܘܬܩܫ̈ܦܝ ܒܚܪܬܗܘܢ܇. ܕܠܥܠ ܡܢ ‎ls‏
‏ܢܗܪܐ ‎yao‏ ܗܘܐ. ܘܬܐܡܢ ܡܟܝܠ ܥܡܠܐ ܕܕܘܒܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܚܝܠܬܢܐܝܬ ܡܝܫܡܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ
ܘܟܕ ‎LS‏ ܠܗ ܒܪܕܝܦܘܬܐ ܙܒܢܐ ‎Ets‏ ܬܠܬܝܢ: ܟܕ ܡܢ ܒܬܪܟܢ ܠܝܘܬܗ ‎ou,‏

‎world. But, lest you think that I for my part am bound by district or place,
il you seek to expel me from the district, I on my part will leave this evening,
that you may know thai 1 am not bouud by anything else exeept by Jesus
my God by whose name ] was savod ». 116 said to him : « If you wish
to respeet vourself, and not let there be slaughter in the «whole distriet
on your account, depart from the district ». But the blessed man gladly
undertook to depart, saviug, « Would that Τ the sinner might be persecuted
on behalf of tlie great name of Christ my God; for I neither have merited nor
do merit tliis privilege ». And so he departed from his district with all who
were with hin; and the rest of. all that assembly journeved after him, and
some to other districts, and some to the stern and 2020 mountains; and
so all of them everywhere bravely endured the violent and cruel perseeution.
But the blessed mau crossed iuto the distriet called Claudias, and there he
bought a site; and on that site on the high mountains ol towering size above
the river Euplirates he ereeted some small huts forming two monasteries
for women and for men; and there for the future they valiantly carried out
die Jabonrs which they. habitually practised. — When he had completed the
period of thirty years in bauishuent!, when afterwards we used to resort to

‎1 This brins us do 5667, but probably Lhe senlenee ds faultils expressed, and J. does not mean
