* 71 ar b.

‎JOIIN OF EPHESUS. [290]‏ ` 290
ܘܕܥܕ̈ܬܐ ܘܕܕܝܪ̈ܬܐ ‎ple Jon marks‏ ܕܠܝܬ ܠܡܶܡܕܪܟܘ ܘܠܡܐܡܪ. ܩܢܝ̈ܢܘܗܝ܂ ܕܠܐ
‎ue‏ ܕܪܐ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ‎Jer‏ ܚܕܐ ܕܐܝܬܝܗܿ ܚܣܢܐ ܕܛܒ ‎Lis omues‏ ܗܘܐ
‎ο) «δα‏ ܕܝܠܗܼ ° ܘܕܒܝܬܗ ܟܠܗ. ܟܕ ܐܦ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ ܘܙܸܥܘܖ̈ܐ ܘܐܢܬܬܗ ܘܒܢܘ̈ܗܝ:
‎oris le‏ ܘܣܘܓܐܐ ܕܐܐ ܕܕܒܝܩܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎OÙ‏ ܠܡܟܕܢ ܢܦܫܢܗܘܢ ‎HAS‏ ,-
ܒܢܝܪܐ ‎joo‏ ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ ܡܫܬܘܕܝܚܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܗ. ‎ωὁ‏ ܕܐܦ ‎Sad toj‏ ܕܝܢ
ܕܘܟܫܬܐ܂ ܬܪ̈ܬܝܝܢ. ܚܕܐ ܠܗ ܘܠܓܒܪ̈ܐ ܕܥܡܗ.. ܘܐܚܪܬܐ ܠܐܢܬܬܗ ‎JN Lido‏
ܕܥܡܗܿ. ܟܕ ܟܢܫ ܗܘܐ ‎His) EN‏ ܛܘܒܢ̈ܐ ܡܫܡܗܐ ܘܝ̈ܕܝܥܐ܂. ܘܐܬܘ ‎NE‏ ܫܗܪܐ
ܘܨܠܘܬܐ܂ ܘܝܗܒܟܘܢ ܠܗܘܢ ܐܣܟܡܐ. ܘܡܠܦܝܢ ܗܘܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܕܘܒܪ̈ܐ ܕܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ..
ܘܛܟ̈ܣܐ ܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܬܘܒ ‎ele‏ ܐܢܬܬܗ. ‎es‏ ܐܝܬܝܬ ‎όν‏ ܡܢ ‎Pw‏
‏ܩܦܘ̈ܕܩܝܐ ‎Jia‏ ܬܪ̈ܬܝܢ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܬܐ ܘܩܕ̈ܝܥܬܐ.. ‎"ὀμασο‏ ܥܡܝܪ̈ܢ ܗ̈ܘܝ. ‎solo‏ ܠܘ
ܘܠܒܪܬܗܿ ܚܕܐ ܘܠܟܠ ‎ans‏ ܡܪܕܘܬܐ ܕܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܡ̈ܠܦܢ ܗ̈ܘܝ. ܘܡܟܝܠ
‎JLsäso‏ ܪܘܙ̈ܒܬܐ ܕܥܢܘܝܘܬܐ ‎jene‏ ܘܕܢܙܝܪܘܬܐ:. ‎Lisag‏ ܟܠܗܘܢ ‎Jhansos‏ ܥܠ
ܢܦܫܗܘܢ ‎xp‏ ܗܘܘ ܘܛܥܢܝܝܢ.. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܢܬܟܒܫܘܢ ܒܥܙܝܪܝܘܬܐ ܗܝ ܥܠܡܢܝܬܐ

‎1. Mz, 842. — 2, Ms. ‏ܗ‎ for "ον.

‎and lie dissipated his possessions without stint in a manner that cannat be
understood and told; while he also built a certain monastery (which is a well-
fortified. stronghiold) for his own personal use and that of his whole house-

‎holl, since both great and small and his wife and his children, aud his :

‎slaves also and many free men who were attached to him would promise :

‎him to yoke themselves with him under the gentle yoke of monasticism,
whieli tliey in fact did.

‎And he prepared two places, one for himself and the men who were
with him, and another for his wife and the otlier women who were with her,
while he collected. certain renowned and distinguished blessed men, and
they eame and made vigil and prayer, and. gave them the habit (σχῆμα); and
they nsed to teacli them tlie methods of the religious Hfe and the ordinances
of monaslicism; and so again his wife also as well sent and fetched for
herself two great aud. lioly women from the land of the Cappadocians, and
they Fived with her, aud taught both her and her one daughter and everyone
who was with lier tho discipline of religion. — Aud henceforth all the blessed
men used severely Lo bind upon themselves great burdens of asceticism and
ol watching aud of abstinenee and bear them, im order to subduc the worldly
