[303] LIFE OF SIMEON THE SOLITARY. 303

ܒܕܘܟܬܗܿ ܐܝܟ ° ܕܠܫܘܘܕܥܐ ܐܦ ܕܝܠܗܘܢܼ .06.330 ܘܗܢܐ ܛܒܕܐ ܕܚܘܒܗ ܪܒܐ ‎μόρον‏
‎das +, μοι‏ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܘܐܬܪܐ ‎ske où‏ ܗܘܐ. ܒܙܒܝܢ ܕܚܢ ܐܬܘ ‎«à μᾶ να‏
ܕܠܒܪܝܢ܂. ܘܐܫܟܚܘ ܟܘܪ̈ܝܚܐ ‎M2)‏ ܘܐܢܫ ܒܟܠܗ ܚܘܕܪܐ ‎où‏ ܠܐ ܡܬܚܙܐ ܗܘܐ.
‎aS so‏ ܘܠܥܣܘ ܘܐܼܫܐܝܘ ܢ . ܘܬܪܟܐ ‎audi]‏ ܒܡܐ ܢ ܝܗܘܢ. ܘܛܝܥܙܘܼ ܘܢܦܩܘ ܕܢܐܙܥܘܢ.
ܘܟܕ ܢܦܝܼܩܘ ܠܒܪ ܡܢ ‎ETES ENT‏ ܪ̈ܓܠܝܗܘܢ ‎SL‏ ܘܩܡܼܘ ܝܢܝܥܘ ܟܕ ‎vM‏
‏ܥܕܡܐ ‎T μον‏ ܘܠܐ ‎syll] asp‏ ܘܠܐ ‎ok‏ ܛܥܘ̈ܢܬܗܘܢ ܥܕܡܐ
‎isa) Ji‏ ܘܟܕ ܚܕܙܐ ܐܢܘܢ ܡܢ ‎ἡ μοὶ‏ ܐܫܬܘܕܥܗ ܠܣܘܥܪܢܐ. ܘܗܼܢܘܢ ‎aa!‏
‏ܒܩܠܐ ܪܡܐ ‎EE‏ ܡܪܝ ܐܬܪܚܡ ܥܠܝܢ )0 ‎LS 00.240 SM «“ἂ‏ ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ
ܛܘܒܢܐ ܒܪܢܥܬܗ ‎[SL‏ ܥܝ̈ܢܘܗܝ ‎[9ο Solo Me x»‏ ܦܪܘܩ ܠܔܒܝܠܬܟ. "
ܘܚܪܪܝܗܽ ܡܢ ܝܘܠܦܢܐ ܕܢܟܝܠܘܐܗ ܕܒܥܠܕܒܒܐ. ‎Aso‏ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܠܡܠܦܢܐ ܕܒܝܫܬܐ
‎où‏ ܕܥܠ ܗܠܝܢ ‎Ha‏ ܐܢܘܢ. ܘܒܗ ܒܫܥܬܐ܂ ‎e i Na]‏ ܘܢܝ̣ܦܠܘ ܥܠ ܐܦܝܗܘܢ
ܩܕܡܘܗܝ. ‎SA‏ ܕܝܢ ‎μοὶ‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܗܠܝܝܢ. ܕܠܐ ‎xe AM‏ ܗܘܝܬܘܢ ܒ̈ܢܝ..
ܕܠܡܫܝܚܐ ° ܡܪܝ ‎JS eto‏ ܗܘܬ ܠܝ ܩܠܝܬܐ ܗܕܐ: ܘܡܢܗ ܡܕܡ ܠܐ ܡܬܛܢܐ.
‎ve ! οἱ‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܟܘܠ ܐܝܟܐ ܕܫܡܗ ‎νο flo‏ ܕܢܡܪܚ ܘܢܘܫܛ

1. Ms. om. stop.

also». And so the fame of this saint's great charity was spoken of over
the whole of the city and that distriet. But once two young men wlio were
passing came, and they found the huts open, and no one was to be seen all
round ; and they went in and ate and drank, and the rest they put into their
packs; and they loaded themselves, and started to go. And, when they had
passed out of the door, their feet stuck there, and they stood still bearing
their loads till the evening and standing erect; and they became incapable
of moving, or of laying down their loads until the blessed man eame. And
on seeing them from a distance he understood what had happened; and they
themselves eried with a loud voice and say, « Sir, have merey on us for we
have sinned against you, and forgive us». But the blessed man iminediately
raised his eyes to heaven, and prayed, and said : « Lord, deliver thy erea-
tures, and free them from the deeeitful teaching of the enemy; and remove
from them the teacher of evil who ineited tliein to these things ». And
the same hour they were released, and fell on their faces before him. And
he on his side said these words to them : « Knew vou not, my sons, that 1
had committed this eell to Christ my Lord, aud him nothing eseapes? or
know you not that, wherever Christ's name is called, evervone who presumes

τ Τί vb.
