* 68 r° a.

‎JOHN OF EPHESUS. 1278]‏ 278
ܥܨܒܐ ‎τση‏ . ܘܠܘ ܬܦܣܘܩ ܣܒܪܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎ο‏ ܘܐ ܙܠ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ‎Has‏
‎νε»‏ ܒܐܚܝܡܡܐ ܘܒܥܠܝܐ.. ܥܠ ‎mo)‏ ܚܛܗܐ ‎où‏ ܠܒܕ ܗܘܐ܀
ܬܘܒ ܕܝܢ ܥܠ ܨܒܘܬܐ ܕܬܘܠܡܕܐ ܕܚܝܙܝܬ ܕܣܥܪܝܝܢ ܒܥܘܡܪܐ ‎:οὖι‏ ܠܘܬ ^«
ܕܐܬܝܢ ܡܢ ܥܠܡܐ ܕܢܤܒܘܢ ܐܣܟܡܐ ܕܕܚܝܼܠܬ ‎JON‏ ܐܝܕܐ ܕܛܒ ‎Baa‏ ܠܝ .
‎Da Near‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܓܝܪ ܠܘ ܐܚܡ ܫܪܟܐ ‎(fs εχω‏ ܠܪܩ ‎οἱ‏ ܡܝܢ ° ܒܠܬ
ܣܘܪܚܢܐ:. ‎Joss rl ol‏ ܐܘ ܡܢ ܡܨܘܬܐ ܕܥܡ ‎el alu}‏ ܡܝܢ ‎AO»‏
‏ܓܢܒ̈ܘܬܐ ܘܠܘܚܝ̈ܡܐ ‎snos‏ ܘܐܙܠ ܠܕܝܪܐ ܘܡܚܕܐ ܡܬܓܪܥ ܣܥܪܐ ܡܢ ܪܝܫܗ
ܘܥܝܼܒܪ ܩܡ ܆. ܟܕ ܣܒܝܣܝܢ ܢܝ̈ܫܐ ܘܣܘܒܪ̈ܢܐ ܒܥܪܝܪ̈ܝܐ ܕܥܠܡܝܘܬܗ ܕܥܠܡܐ ܗܢܐ
ܒܓܘ ܬܪܥܚܬܗ܆. ‎Slo‏ ܥܡ ܕܚܚܼܙܐ ‎onse‏ ܕܐܬܬܪܚܡ ܘܐܬ݀ܥܛܦ ‎[ioc S‏ ܡܫܪܢܫܠܐ܆̇.
ܢܸܣܒܪ ‎oaa‏ ܡܟܝܠ ܐܦ ܡܥܒܪ ‎Εν‏ ܕܓܡܝܪܘܬܐ ܘܕܕܝܪܝܘܬܐܿ. ܘܡܛܛܘܠ ܗܕܐ
ܐܦ ܣܓܺܝܐܐ ‎«ΚΑ‏ ܕܐܦ ܠܐ ܟܕ ܫܢ̈ܝܐ ܣܓܝܐ ܬܐ ܢܗܘܘܢ ܒܥܘܡܪܐ.. ‎pa‏ ܡܢܗܘܢ
ܦܛܝܪܐ ܕܥܠܡܚܘܬܗܘܢ.. ܥܠ ܕܡܝܢ ‎Las‏ ܠܐ ܐܬܕܟܝܘ ܟܘ̈ܒܐ ܘܕܙܕܪܐ ܕܠܝܕܝܗܘܢ
‎Lisio Lis‏ ܘܒܥܪܝܪ̈ܝܐ ܕܒܥܠܗܘܒܚܘܬܐ܆. ܘܗܝܕܝܢ ܢܦܠ ܙܪܥܐ ܕܟܝܐ ܘܢܩܕܐ ܕܐܣܟܡܐ

‎upon itimmediately, and do not despair ». And so he aecepted the advice,
and went away: and from that time forward he used to perform remorseful
repentanee for that sin by day and by night.

‎Next it has been my desire to record something on the subject of the
training wlieh 1 have seen them applying in that convent to those who come
from the world to receive the religious habit (σχῆμα), whieh pleased me
greatly. For these are not like all the others who', if a man runs away by
reason of an ollence committed, or from slavery, or from a quarrel with his
wile, or by reason of thefts and the menace of the law, then he goes to
a monastery, and at once has his hair shaven from his head, and has passed
in and been admitted, while the sensual methods and aets of the worldliness
of this world are thronging within his mind, and also, as soon as he has seen
that his hair has been removed and he has been elothed in the loose garment,
he will think that he has now also passed the limit of perfection and of
monasticism. And for this reason there are many also from whom tlie leaven
ef their worldliness does not pass away even when they arc in a eonvent
many years, because the thorns and briers of their loose and dissolute and
sensual customs in. the wordly estate were not from the beginning cleansed,

‎1. ἀπὸ sentene» is Jeft unfinished aud the sense completed ia another way.

‎p —

‎P
‎me mr ...--.... .»... . «--.--.
