[299] LIVES OF ADDAI AND ADBRALAM. 299

ܬܘܒ ܬܫܥܝܬܐ ܕܥܣܪܝܢ ‎ed ha‏ ܕܐܢܢܐ ܬܪ̈ܝܢ ܛܘܒ̈ܢܐ
‎ls‏ ܐܕܝ ܘܐܒܪܗܡ ܛ̈ܢܢܐ܀

‎πες νι‏ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܐܕܝ ܘܐܒܝܪܗܡ.. ‎uis Lu]‏ ܐܡܝܐ ܐܝܬܝ ܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ.
‎bI‏ ܒܬܘܠܡܕܗܘܢ ܒܥܘܡܪܐ ܫܢ̈ܝܐ ܗܘܘ. ܘܡܢ ܒܬܪܟܢ ‎/οοι‏ ܠܗܘܢ ‎Ensa‏
‏ܕܢܦܩܘܢ ܒܐܟܣܢܝܘܬܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎Lal‏ ܗܟܢܐ ܡܬܟܪܟܝܢ ‎joor-.o00t‏ ܚܘܫܒܐ ܒܝܢܬܗܘܢ
‎ἐκ δὲ p‏ ܕܡܛܠ ܡܢܐ ܗܟܢܐ ܡܬܟܪܟܝܢܢ ܒܛܝܐܐܝܬ܆. ܘܠܐ ܡܚܘܝܢܢ ܥܡܠܐ
1 ܕܡܛܠ ‎s.‏ ܘܡܩܚܝܡܝܢܢ ܕܘ̈ܟܝܬܐ ܠܬܫܒܘܚܬܗ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܟܕ ܡܬܟܪܟܝܢ..
ܕܘܟܬܐ ܚܕܐ | ‎ss +, aus‏ ܕܬܗܘܐ ܒܗ ܕܝܪܐ. ܘܙܩܝܼܫܘ ܬܡܝܢ ܕܠܝܒܗܘܢ ܘܒܒܕܘ
ܡܛܠܬܐ. ‎exo‏ ܠܗܘܢ ‎Ke 020 Jj:9‏ ܕܘܟܬܐ ‎Nas)‏ ܣܗ̈ܕܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎SH‏
‏5 ܐܬܪܐ ܘܫܡܕܥܘ ‎απ.)‏ ܠܘܬܗܘܢ.. ܡܢ ‎PPS‏ ܟܕ ܡܬܛܫܒܚܢ ‎JA AR‏
ܘܩܚܳܣܐ ܘܟܠ ܡܕܡ ‎mer‏ ܘܒܚܝܕܐ ‎JN‏ ܥܘܡܪܐ ܠܫܝܢܐ ܒܕܘܟܬܐ ‎uà‏ ܩܚܡܘܢ.
ܘܐܦ ܬܠܡ̈ܡܝܕܐ ܗܘܼܘ ‎ο‏ ܘܟܕ ‎qe oj‏ ܘܐܡܿܪܝܢ. ‎pans Jaen‏ ܠܢ ܛܒ ܡܢ
‎«δι‏ ܕܢܦܼܗܐ ܘܢܬܟܪܟܡ ‎JS‏ ܘܟܕ ܬܠܡܕܘܢ ‎μυὶ‏ ܘܐܠܦܼܘ ܐܢܘܢ ܡܙܡܘܪ̈ܐ:
‎œamo‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ܂. ܣܡܕܘ ܒܪܥܝܢܗܘܢ ‎Kaas,‏ ܐܢܝܘܢ ‎yo»!‏

‎XXII. — NEXT τής TWENTY-SECOND HISTORY, OF TIE TWO BLESSED ANCIIONTE

‎BROTHERS ADDAI AND ABRANAM THE ZEALOUS MEN.

‎These blessed men Addai and Abraham therefore were brothers on the
mother's side, and at first they remained under training in a convent for
several years; and afterwards they formed ilie resolution of going out on
pilgrimage. And, when they had been thus going about for several years,
they began to deliberate betweeu themselves, saying, « Whercfore do we
thus go aimlessly about, and not show labour for our Lord, and erect places
for his praisc? » And so, as tliey were going about, they found a certain
place that was a convenient site for a monastery, and they planted their cross
there, and made a cabin; and they asked [or iron tools, and began to dig out
a site for a martyrs’ ehapel. And, when the people of the district saw and
heard it, they repaired to them from all quarters, providing money and wood
and everything that was useful. Aud in one year they erected au extensive
convent in that place, and they also gained disciples: and when they saw it
they rejoiced, and they say : « Now it js better for us than roving and
going about aimlessly ». And, when they had trained some men and taught
them the psalms, and shown them how to conduct atfairs, they conceived the
plan of leaving them there as it were to govorn themselves and depar-

‎* 353 v^ b.
