re b.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. | 1 [400]‏ 230
ܕܝܢ ܒܕܠܝܩܘܒܬܐ ܗܿܢܘܢ ‎Jl?‏ ܗܘܐ. ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܗܟܝܠ.. ܘܠܐܝܚܣ ܪܝܠ ܠܥܡܐ
ܩܕܝܫܐ: ‎ooo‏ ܕܡܫܬܡܗ ܗܘܐ ܥܡܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ: ܕܢܒܪܟ ‎où‏ ܕܕܐܚܡ ܗܟܢܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
‎co .Joot‏ ܡܫܬܩܠ ‎2l] .Joo‏ ܓܝܪ ܕܓܠܝܐܝܬܐ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܡܬܐ ‎d‏
‏ܗܼܢܘܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܠܗܕܐ ܥܩܒܘ. ܘܒܪܘܕܐ ܠܐ ܐܬ ܕܡܒܪܬ: ܕܗܿܢܘܢ ܓܝܪ ܕܥܒܘܪܐܝܬ ‎y-le‏
‏ܕܡܝܢ 1 ܫܡܡ̈ܘܢܐ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܕܟܬܒܐ ‎“il Lo‏ ܘܠܘ ܡܢ ܝܘܠܦܢܐ ܘܚܬܝܬܘܬܐ
‎νο να‏ ܕܝܠܝܬܐܼ. ‎ο ο ο ον‏ ܘܛܥܝ̈ܬܐ ܢܦܩܘܢ.
ܐܝܟܐ ܓܝܪ ܟܬܒܐ ‎La‏ ܐܣ ܗܕ ܥܠ ܒܠܥܡ ܡܣܠܝܐ܇. ܐܝܟ ܕܗܼܢܘܢ ‎sop]‏
‎y Ji‏ ܗܢܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܗ. ‎Laaso‏ ܓܝܪ ‎οὐ‏ ܕܗܠܝܝܢ ‎ολο‏ ܟܕ ܡܢ ‎roi‏ ܕܛܒ
ܡܝܬܪܐ ܢܦܝܚ ‎Hago (Je‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܡܫܡܡܫܢܐ: ܘܠܐ ‎ol où‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܝܢ
ܦܪܨܘܦܗ ܠܗܕܐ ܣܗܕܘܬܐ܂. ܘܠܐ ܕܝܢ ܡܛܠ ܐܠܗܐ ‎cel‏ ܕܐܤܗܕ ܡܕܡ ܕܕܐܝܟ ܗܢܐ
ܡܛܠ ܒܠܠܡ. ܐܠܐ ‎5e‏ ܕܒܠܩ ‎fi‏ ܕܡܝ̈ܘܐܒܝܐ: ܟܕ ܦܠܝ ‎JS‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
ܗܘܐ: ܘܥܕܒܕܐ ‎[ἅμ‏ ܒܫ̈ܕܫܐ܂. ܡܣܝܼܒܪ ܗܘܐ ܥܠ ܒܠܥܡ ‎bo po‏ ܕܡܪܢܐܝܬ ܘܠܘ
‎RER‏ ܡܫܟܚ ܗܘܐ ܕܢܙܠܘܛ ܘܕܢܒܪܟ. ܘܩܪܝܒܐ ܗܝ ܕܢܫܡܥ ܠܟܬܒܬ̈ܐ ܐܠܗ̈ܝܐ:
ܕܠܗܕܐ ܡܟܪܙܝܢ܂ ܓܠܝܐܝܬ. ܘܒܠܩ ܒܪ ܨܦܘܪ ܡܠܟܐ ܕܡܘܐܒ܂. ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ‎où‏

‎1. Ms, lise.

‎that those whom he blessed were blessed, and 1hose on tlie contrary whom
he cursed were cursed. — For this reason therefore the man who bore such a
character was then lifted up to bless Israel also the lioly people, the people
which was named God's people: for you say that the same men who discovered
this plainly produce these words. And at this ] am not surprised ; for it is
the peculiarily of those wlio repeat the contents of divine Scripture cursorily
and as it were [rom hearing, and not from learning and aecurate knowledge,
10 arrive at false and erriug notions. Where did the divine Scripture testify
of the reprohate Balaam, as they said, that he had such a power? Moses
who wrote these things, l'being inspired! by the very excellent Spirit and
being a minister of the truth, neilher gave this testimony as in his own
person, nor said of God that he œave any such testimony concerning Balaam,
but recorded that Balak, King of the Moabites, being a demon-worshipper
and a slave of foul fiends, thought of Balaain. the soothsayer that he could
enrse and bless authoritatively and not in a worthless manner. And it is à
simple thing to listen Io the divine Scriptures manifestlv proclaiming this :

‎« And Balak son of Zippor, King of Moab, was at that time, and he sent

‎1. Ms. om.
