7 v? a.

7 v* b.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [410]‏ 240
ܗܘܐ ‎fifi ° oà‏ ܡܦܩ ܗܘܐ :. ܘܠܚܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܥܡܗ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ
ܝܗܘܕܐ. ܘܐܦ ܓܝܪ ܗܢܐ ܟܕ ‎fans‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܂. ܡܘܗ̈ܒܬܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ.
ܘܒܥܬܝܩܬܐܼ ܕܝܢ ܡܦܟܚܝ ܐܢܫ ܗܟܝܠ: ܕܒܗܠܝܢ ܕܠܐ ‎ca cas‏ ܛܫܒܘܬܐ ‎ςᾖδ)‏
‎Last (Lie‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܐܚܖ̈ܢܐ' ܬܘܬܪ. ܡܛܠ ܓܚܪ ܕܠܘ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܠܘܬ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܐܝܬ
ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ ‎ES‏ . ܐܠܐ ܡܢܗܘܢ ‎om) LS‏ ܗܘܘ ‎X53‏ ܕܘܒܕ̈ܐ: ܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ
ܕܝܢ ܠܘ ‎y‏ ܗܟܢܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ: ܡܢܗܘܢ ‎wc)‏ ܒܕܠܩܘܒܬܐ : ܘܠܗܠܝܢ ܒܝܕ
ܗܕܐ ܠܐ ܡܬܕܪܟܢܝܬܐ.. ܠܘܬ ܗܺܝ ܕܢܗܘܘܢ ܡܝܬܪ̈ܐ ‎[μο‏ ܠܗܘܢ . ܒܕܓܘܢ ܘܒܒ ܫܕܬܝܚܘܬܐ
‎JU o‏ ܠܛܫܒܘܬܐ ‎Jon so‏ ܚܝ̈ܠܐ ܠܡ ܓܝܪ ‎Jo‏ ܠܒܕܢܝܢ. ܐܠܐ ܗܝܕܝܢ
ܐܫܬܘܕܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܕܠܐ ܝܪܥ ܐܢܐ ܠܟܘܢ. ܗܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܡܣܒܪܝܢ )55 56[ ܕܝܠܝ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ.
ܗܝܙܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܢܕܥܘܢܢ ܕܠܘ ܐܝܟ 1 ‎ο ου AN‏ ܘܡܢܐ ܡܬܕܡܪ ܐܢܬ ܆. ‎NI‏

‎. ‏ܕܠܐܢܫܐ ܡܝܢ ܕܗܝܡܢܘ ܒܗ ܕܘܒܪ̈ܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܫܠܡܝܢ ܠܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ܠܝܬ ܠܗܘܢ:.‎ oa

‎als) con‏ ܐܡܬܝ ܗܟܝܠ ܕܐܦ ܒܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܢ ܬܪ̈ܬܝܗܝܢ ܢܦܠܘ ܡܫܬܟܚ
‎AM)‏ ܕܥܥܡ ‎EN‏ ܠܙܘܝܡܢܘܬܐ ‎o‏ ܕܘܒܪܐ ܢܘܟܪܝܐ ܐܝܬܐܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ. ܐܠܐ ܒܪܡ

‎1. Ms. sing.; Jo. Chr. pM.

‎‘Many ofthose who believed received gifts, as was ' 1110 man who was casting
out demons and was not with him; as was! Judas, for even he also, beiug
an evil man, had gifts... Aud in the Old Testament one will aecordingly
find that the grace often worked in men who were unworthy, in order to
benefit others. For, since all had not readiness for all things, but some
were pure in life, but had not an equal amount of faith, while others were
in the converse position, he both entiees the former by means of the. latter
in order that they may show great laith, and ealls the latter by means of
(his incomprehensible grace to become virtuous.  Wherefore also he used
to gave the grace with great abundance, for* « We did many mighty works ».
But then will 1 profess unto them « I know you not ».. For now they think
they ave my friends, but then they will know that E did not give as to friends”.
And why are you surprised if he gave his graces to men who had believed
in him but had. not a life consonant to the faith, when he is in fact found to
work even in men who have falleu from both? For Balaam was an alien
both to faith and to life: but nevertheless the grace was effected in him for

‎1. Sie ar und Jo. Chris.
