14197 CL — TO CAESARIA. 240

ܬܐܟܠܝܘܢ ܦܬܛܚܪ̈ܐ. ‎Pons Liasdo‏ ܕܒܬܪܟܢ: ܡܢ ܪܡܫܐ ‎cà‏ ܕܡܝܩܝ ܕܡ ‎JURE‏
‏ܘܠܒܬܛܠܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܫܒܬܐ܂ ܗܟܢܐ ܐܫܠܡ. ° ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܒܠܠܝܐ ‎où‏ ܕܩܕܝܡ: ܘܒܚܘܡܐ
‎οι‏ | ܕܒܬܪܟܢ ܢܗܘܘܢ ܒܛܝܠܝܫܝܢ. ܘܡܫܘܕܠܚܝܢ ‎"I‏ ܕܥܕܡܐ ‎[i922‏ ܪܘܢ ܐ
ܢܛܪܝܢ.. ܘܠܘ ‎οὖν‏ ܕܒܬܪ ܫܒܬܐ. ܐܠܐ ܠܠܝܐ ‎où‏ ܕܩܕܡ ܫܒܬܐ ‎Rss‏
‏ܘܒܤܣܦܝ ܩܘܬ ܡܝܩܪܝܢ. ܘܚܢܝܢ ܕܝܢ ‎Lans‏ ܕܚܕ ܒܦܒܐ,. ܠܠܠܚܝܐ ‎où‏ ܕܩܕܝܡܟ
ܡܝܩܪܝܢܢ. ܐܚܡ ܡܝܢ ܕܥܡ ܝܘܡܐ ܡܝܩܪܐ ‎pa So‏ + ܘܠܘ ‎{ον‏ ܕܒܬܪܟܢ.
ܡܕܝܢ ܗܟܝܠ ܐܡܪܝܢ .. ܕܟܠ ‎pal RS‏ ܚܕ ܓܘܢܡܐ ܐܝܡ ܐܢܫ ܢܐܡܪ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ. ܘܘܽܘ ܡܕܡ ܗܟܝܠ ‎par‏ ܐܢܫ ܒܚܕܐ ܡܢ ‎c‏ ܥܣܝܪܝܢ ܘܐܪܒܥ
‎ο.‏ ܒܟܠܗ ‎où‏ ܘܡܐ ܡܬܐܡܪ ܕܐܣܬܒܪ ‎où‏ ܣܘܥܪܢܐ. ܕܕܐܝܟ ‎pol Juan)‏
‎bo‏ ܕܐ ܙܥ ܟܕ ܘܠܬܕܪ ‎Lans; Loops‏ ܠܐܬܪܐ ‎οἱ ex,‏ ܠܡܕܝܢܬܐ ‎οἱ Lio‏
ܒܫܘܡܐ ‎οἱ sho‏ ܒܬܠܚܝܬܝܐ ܕܦܒܬܐ. ܗܢܐ ܒܝܕܐ ‎V‏ ܫܥܬܐ ‎Js οἱ‏
ܙܥܘܪܬܐ ܕܫܥܬܐ ܥܠ ‎Jupes‏ ܟܠ ܐܢܫ ܕܝܢ ‎Der pl‏ ܒܬܪܝܢ ܒܫܒܐ ܐܬܐ
ܐܘܟܝܬ ܒܬܠܬܐ. ܘܠܟܠܗ ܝܘܡܐ ‎où‏ ܕܚܕ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܥܡ ܠܠܝܐ ‎eure) où‏

1. Ms, ‏ܗܘ‎ — 2, Ms. ‏ܒܚܕܐ ܡܢ‎ son.

shall eat uuleavened bread from the evening »', and lie counted the beginning
of the following day from the preceding evening : and the cessation of the
sabbath he instituted the same way, so that they were to cease from work
on the preceding night and the following day; and the Jews are known
lo observe this down to this day, aud to honour not the night after the
sabbath but the night before the sabbath by cessation and abstention [rom
work; and we ourselves on the |* day of the week honour the preceding
night as united with the honoured day, and not the night following. | Accor-
diugly therefore they say that every night-aud-day is as one may say one
entitv, and, what tlierefore anyone does during one of these 24 hours, that
act is said to have been performed on the whole of that day. As for instance,
when a man is sent on a long journey and returns to his own country or
eitv either on the 2" or ou the 3% day of the week, this man entered the
city during one hour or a small portion of an hour, but everyone says, « So-
and-so arrived on the 2" day of the week » or « on the 3% », and they
reckon the whole day which is one with tlte preceding night to his arrival.

1. EX. xir, Is.

ܨ
