[435] CVHE. — TO TIIOMAS OF GEBRMANICEA. 265

‎xe:‏ ܕܗܘܘ ܡܝܬܝܢ ܥܡ ‎Liz)‏ ܐܦ ܠܐܣܘ̈ܬܐ.̄ ܘܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܕܢܦܠܝܝܢ ܚܝܠܘ̈ܬܐ
ܒܚܕ̈ܕܐ: ܘܡܣܬܕܪ ܩܪܒܐ: ܘܙܙܕܟܐ ܔܓܒܐ ܕܠܩܘܒܬܐ.. ܡܥܕܪܝܢ ܠܐܣܘ̈ܬܐ܂. ܕܢܒܩܪܘܢ
‎Aus aeu‏ ܢܦܶܠܐ܂. ܘܢܒܥܪܘܢ ‎νο συ‏ ܡܫܬܟܝܚܝ ‎ULM au]‏
ܘܐܝܬ ܒܗ ܣܘܩܐ܆. ܘܡܬܡܨܐ ܕܒܫܕ ܐܘܡܢܘܬܐ ‎μμ μα. οὐ)‏ ܠܚܘܠܡܢܐ܆. ܡܢ
ܡܚܘ̈ܬܐ ܩܬܛܘ̈ܠܝܬܐ` ܕܥܠܘܗܝ. ܡܛܠ ‎fra‏ ܐܦ ܢܝܫܐ ܕܕܘܪܬܐ ܗܕܐ ܕܐܝܬܝܢܢ
ܠܡܕܥܬܐ ܕܢܒܝܘܬܐ: ܕܟܕ ܥܡ ܡܝ̈ܬܐ ܚܫܝܒ ܗܘܐ ܐܝܣܪܝܠ: ‎[M‏ ܬܘܒ ܡܪܘܦܟ
ܗܘܐ ܠܗܢ. ܐܫ̈ܝܢ ܕܝܢ ‎JL‏ ܕܒܗܕܐ ‎Jo,‏ ܠܐ ܐܕܪܟܘ. ܘܠܐ ܦܘܦܩܐ 296 ܕܐܫܟܚܬܐ
ܚܡܝܡܐ ܒܘܠܕܒܪܐ. ‎JI]‏ ܦܫܩܘ ܗܕܝܘܛܐܝܬ. ܠܚܡܝܡܐ ‎an‏ ܚܠܦܘܗܝ ܠܗܓܝܢܗ.
ܘܚܠܦ ܕܢܐܡܪܘܢ ‎ασ‏ ܐܡܪܘ ܡܫܘܚܕܐ. ܘܣܒܪܘ ܡܢ ܗܕܐ ܕܥܩܪܐ ܡܕܡ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎many‏ ܡܢ ܕܒܘܬ ܢܦܫܗ ܒܡܕܒܪܐ܆. ܘܡܫܘܕܥ ܠܡ ܡܫܘܚܕܘܬܗ ܕܐܝܣܪܝܠ.
ܐܐ ܗܘܐ ܓܝܪ ‎[Lino‏ ܐܝܬܝܪܘܿ. ܘܡܡܟܣܢ ܗ̈ܢܝܢ ܡܠܐ ܕܡܠܘܬܢ ܡܢ ܠܬܚܬ.. ܘܡܦܩܢ
‎Ris‏ ܠܡܣܒܪܢܘܬܗܘܢ. ܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܡܬܐ ܕܟܬܒܐ ܗܟܢܐ܀ ‎Anis)‏ ܚܡܝܡܐ

‏ܒܡܕܒܪܐ ܥܡ ‎«σολ. ο‏ ܒܚܝܪܒܐ. ܗܟܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܐܦ ܐܢܐ ‎anas‏ ܗܢܐ ܪܡܐ ‎eb]‏
‎v? 0.‏ 117 ܘܡܬܠܨܐ ᾿ ܐܢܐ ܕܐܬܢܦܫ ܘܐܡܠܠ ܙܥܘܖ̈ܝܬܐ ܡܛܠ ܐܝܠܝܝܢ ‎wal],‏ ܠܝܚ ܡܢ

‎1. Ms. lbs. — 2. Ms. sing.

‎armies have a custom of bringing besides the armed forces physicians also,
and after the hosts engage with one another and the battle is joined, and the
opposite side is defeated, they send the physicians to search among the
fallen, and examine carefully lest there be found a man among them who
is warm and has breath in him, and may by medical skill recover from the
deadly wounds that are upon him. Therefore also the purport of this figu-
rative propheey which we have cited is that, when Israel was reckoned with
the dead, he restored him to life; but soine have not discovered the meaning
contained in this figure, or the explanation of the words, “1 found a hot
one in the wilderness, but have given a foolish inlerpretation. They changed
the reading ‘hot’, and instead of saying *hot' said *solitary', and supposed
from this that there is some herb which grows of itself in the wilderness,
and signifies the solitariness of Israel. For it is not so. νο words of
the following context refute and truly banish their supposition; and the
words of Seripture are as follows : « 1 found a hot one in the wilderness
with the slain of the sword ». So therefore 1 also am in this manner lifted
up, and am constrained to take courage and speak a few words about the
commuuieations that have been addressed to me by your eloquent wisdom.
