60 r* p,

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [384]‏ 314
ܘܡܛܠ ܓܢܟ̈ܐ: ܘܐܦ ܒܡܥܪ̈ܝܬܐ ܕܚܝ̈ܠܘܬܐ: ܡܛܠ ܡܦܘܠܝܬܐ ܕܥܠܝܗܘܢ
ܕܒܥܠ ܕܒܒ̈ܝܗܘܢ.. ‎(our‏ ܒܠܠܝܝܐ ܘܢܫܗܪܘܢ ܟܕ ܡܬܚܬܝܦܝܝܢ. ܘܗܠܝܢ ܡܢ
‎Jed s‏ ܩܕܡܝܐ ܕܠܠܝܐ ܫܗܪܝܢ. ܘܡܬܟܪܟܝܢ ‎ol JN ese‏ ܟܝܬ ‎λα»‏
‏9161« ܕܝܢ ‎OS‏ (ܕܬܪ̈ܝܢ. 9361« ܕܝܢ ‎ICE‏ ܕܬܠܬܐ. ‎υγ‏ ܕܝܢ 9&5 ‎Jh‏
‏ܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܒܗ ‎aus‏ ܕܡܕܢܚܚܐ. ܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܬܪܟܢ ܒܢܩܝܦܘܬܐ ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܕܠܐܝܢ
‎«au‏ ܒܛܟܣܐ' ܥܐܠܚܝܢ. ܘܗܕܐ ܘܐܦ ܒܟܬܝܒ̈ܬܐ ܕܕܝܬܩܐ ܥܬܝܩܬܐ ‎νο‏ ܟܕ
ܓܝܪ ܓܕܥܘܢ ܡܬܦܩܕ ܗܘܐ ܕܒܠܠܝܐ ܢܦܠ ܥܠ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ7: ܐܡܪ ܐܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܥܠ
ܡܫܪܝܬܐ ܕܡܕܝ̈ܢܝܐ: ‎μοὶ‏ ܟܬܒܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ.. ܘܥܠ ܓܕܥܝܘܢ ܘܡܐܐ ܓܒܪ̈ܝܢ ‎«οι‏
‏ܕܥܡܗ:. ܒܡܢܬܐ ܕܡܥܪܝܬܐ ܟܕ ‎ais‏ ܒܡܛܪܬܐ ܡܕܥܝܬܐ. ܟܕ ‎axo] [so‏
ܗܠܝܢ ‎asso Cr «9463 Lana‏ ܒܩܪ̈ܢܬܐ. ܘܒܝܟܬܒܝܐ ܕܚܢ ‎wh‏
‎NC Quas Ji‏ 1 ܡܬܒܢܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎OóL3Q4‏ ܕܐܼܘܪܫܚܠܝܡ : ܘܒܝܪܒܚܪ̈ܝ ܐ ܗܠܝܢ
ܕܩܪܝܼܒܝܢ ܠܐܬ :1: ‎x‏ ܗܘܘ ܕܢܪܡܘܢ ܗܘܘ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ ܘܢܒܛܠܝܘܢ ܠܥܒܕܐ ܗܟܢܐ.
ܘܕܠܝܬܐ ܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܢ. ܘܐܩܝܡܢܢ ܢܛܘܪ̈ܐ ‎vM‏ ܒܐܬܚܡܡܐ ܘܒܠܠ̈ܝܐ܂ ܡܝܢ ܩܕܡ

‎1. Ms. om. τα 2. A stop follows in ms. — 3, Ms. pl, — 4. Ms. 197:

‎précaution against housebreakers and thieves, as well as in military camps
for the sake of precaution against an attack npon them bv their enemies, to
keep ward by uight and watch in turns; and some watch during the first
portion ol the night, and go round the city or the camp, and some during
the 'second portion and some during the' third, and others during the fourth,
and others at the very appearance of dawn, those who follow in succession
coming in in order alter the previous ones are tired. And this is recorded
even in the Old Testament? Seriptures also. When Gideon was ordered to
attack a city bv night, 1 meau the camp of the Midianites, the divine Scripture
said : « And Gideon went in and the 100 men who were with him into a
part of the camp when they had hegun the middle watch, when those who set
the gnards had just set them, and they sounded the horns »*. And in the
2" book of Ezra, when the walls of Jerusalem were being built, and the
barbarians who lived near the country wished to assail them and stop the
work, itis written thus : « And I prayed to our God, and we set guards over
us day and night against them »; and again, « At that time 1 said to the

‎1. Ms. om. — 2. διαθήκη. — 3. Jud., vii, 19.

‎D
