‎CV. — TO CAESARIA. 257‏ ]427[
ܕܗܝܡܢܘ 995 ‎JL‏ ܡܫܝܚܐ ܐܠܗܐ܀ ܠܘܬ ܗܕܐ ܚܝܪܐ ܐܦ ܗܝ ܟܝܬ ܕܦܘܠܘܣ ܟܕ
‎Les‏ ܠܧܘܙ̈ܝܢܬܝܐ ܐܸܡܿܪ. ܕܬܚܦܝܬܐ ܡܟܘܝܐ ܥܠ ‎Lors‏ ܕܕܝܐܬܝܩܫ ܥܬܝܩܬܐ:.
ܘܠܐ ܡܬܓܠܝܐ܂ ܡܛܠ ܕܒܡܫܝܚܐ ‎JLASkS‏ ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ‎{νο GO MS‏
‎o 2.5 Asso]‏ ܠܬܚܦܝܬܐ ‎καθ‏ ܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܘܦܘܠܚܢܐ ܕܒܪܘܚܐ܆. ܐܝܟ ܗܝ ܕܐܡܝܪܐ
ܬܘܒ ܠܗܘ ܠܦܘܠܘܣ. ‎οσο Ki‏ ܒܦܪܨܘܦܐ ܓܠܝܐ ܠܬܫܒܘܚܬܗ ‎Lise‏ ܐܝܟ
ܕܒܡܚܙܝܬ| ‎pe‏ ܡܚܘܝܐ° ܓܝܪ ܗܝ ܕܗܘܝܐ ܒܝܕ ܦܪܣܐ ܐܝܟ ܣܘܟܠܐ ܦܫܝܛܐ..
ܕܗܠܫܝܢ ܕܡܚ̈ܦܝܢ ‎Jo‏ |[ ܡܬܚ ]ܙܝܢ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܪܐܙܝܢ.. ܗܠܝܢ ܠܝܡ ܗܝܢ̈ܡܢܐ
ܘܠܡܬܐܪ̈ܙܢܐ ܓܠܝ̈ܬܐ ܘܡܬܚ̈ܙܝܢܝܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ. [ܒܘ[ܐܠܝܣܛܛܢܝ ‎μας‏
‏ܘܒܐܘܪܫܠܡ: ܟܕ ‎D‏ ܟܗܢܐ ܠܕܠܘܬܐ ‎SJ δι‏ ܗܢܘܢ ܡܫܡܬ̇ܢܐ ‎JS‏
‏ܣܒܝܣܐܝܬ ܘܕܠܐ ܢܠܝܐ ‎SSS of‏ ܡܥܠܝܢ ‎e£‏ ܘܬܘܒ ܡܬܚܬܝܢ ‎δὰ‏ ܥܕܡܐ
ܠܫܘܠܡܗܿ ܕܨܠܘܬܐ܂. ‎[iso‏ ܡܟܝܠ ܡܫܪܐ ܟܗܢܐ ܒܬܟܫܦܬܐ ܗܺܝ ܕܥܠ ܩܘܪܒܢܐ'
ܕܕܒܚܬܐ. ܐܦ ܗܕܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܗܽܘܝܐ ‎τῷ) οι»‏ ܠܥܘܗܕܢܐ ܡܝܬܝܐ ‎τὸ‏ ܕܗܽܘ ܦܪܣܐ
ܐܘܟܝܬܐ ܡܐܢܐ ܕܟܬܢܐ: ܕܡܝܢ ܫܡܝܐ ‎Άνω‏ ܥܠ ‎Linie «ρολο‏ ܗ̈ܘܝ ܒܗ
ܟܠܗܝܢ ‎NE Rss)‏ ܘܪܚܫܐ: ܘܦܕ̈ܚܬܐ ܕܟܫ̈ܬܐ ܘܠܐ ܕܟܬ̈ܬܐܼ. ܘܡܫܘܕܥ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ

‎1. Ms. beso. — ‏,ܘ‎ Mx, lag. — 3, Mx, ‏ܬܐܕ .1 — . ܘܠܡܬܐܪܙܐܢܐ‎ H05a8.

‎To this refer also the words which Paul uses in the opistle to the Corin-
thians, « The veil remaineth upon the readers of the Old Testament, and it
is not revealed because‘ it is done away in Christ »7; since Christ lias
indeed done away or has removed the veil bv means of the service and minis-
tration in the Spirit, as 1s further stated by Paul himself, « We all with open
face sce the glory of the Lord as in a mirror »*. For what is done with the
veil shows according to a simple explanation that things that are hidden from
and not [seen] by those who initiate, these are manifest and visible to
those who believe and are initiated. (ln; Palestine and iu Jerusalem, while
the priest makes the 8010 5 prayer, the deacons frequently and ceaselessly
lift (the cover]? up and let it down again, until the end of the prayer, and
so after that the priest begins the petition over the ollering of the sacrifice.
Further what is done in tliis fashion reminds us of that voil or linen sheet
which came down from heaven upon Peter, which contained all tlie quadru-
peds and reptiles, and birds clean and unclean, and signified to him that

‎1. By misunderstandiug ὅτε the translator has made nonsense of 1116 sentence. — 2. II Uor., 11, ls.
— 3. Ibid., 19. — 4. Perli. menlioned in {he earlier part of the letter. — 5. This is lie -ense required
PATR. OR. — T. XIV. — Ἐν 1. | 17
