‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. 1418]‏ 248
ܕܐܢܫܐ ‎as‏ ܕܐܪܥܐ ܬܠܬܐ ܐܝܡܡܚܝܢ ܘܬܥܬܐ ‎κο‏ ܘܐܢܫ̈ܝܝܢ ‎mio)‏
‏ܕܡܢܙܘ ‎Jabois‏ ܕܚܡܫܐ ܒܫܟܐ ܡܢ ܟܕ ‎Jl‏ ܦܪܘܩܝܢ ܥܡ ܬܠܡ̈ܝܕܐ.. ܘܦܨܚܐ
ܚܕܬܐ ܐܫܠܡ܆.. ܟܕ ‎LAS οὐ cos‏ ܢܬ ܚܫܒ ܠܢ ‎es où‏ ܐܝܡ ܡܐ ܕܗܼܘ
ܡܪܝܐ ܡܢܗ ‎Nue Js: *oón‏ ܐܬܕܒܝܝ ܗܘܐ ܚܠܦܝܢ.. ܘܠܬܚܝܬܬܝܬ|?3
‎[ssl‏ ܢܚܝܼܬ. ܘܗܽܘ ܡܝܢ' ܚܕ ܠܠܝܐ ‎Ra Lio‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܥܪܘܒܬܐ: ܐܡܪܝܢ ܕܚܕ
ܐܚܡܥܡܐ ‎οὐ [AS so‏ ܕܢܬܚܫܒܘܢ. ܚܫܘܟܐ ‎où a‏ ܕܡܢ ‎Loos vM Ka‏
‎où Jiotaso ΤᾺ NS.‏ ܕܡܢ ‎Las Sal‏ ܥܕܡܐ ‎y Narr‏ ܐܝܡ ܝܡܐ
ܘܠܠܝܐ ܕܬܪܝܢ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܡܟܝܠ ܠܠܝܐ ‎où‏ ܕܒܬܪܟܢ ܘܐܝܡܡܐ ܕܫܒܬܐ.. ܠܟܠܗ
ܐܝܡܡܐ ܘܠܠܝܐ ܕܬܠܬܐ ܢܓܡܪܘܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܝܢ ܒܬܪ ܬܠܬܐ ‎lx]‏ ܘܠܝ̈ܠܘܬܐ
ܕܩܡ ܡܪܢ ܬܬܗܝܡܢ. ‎bel‏ ܕܝܢ ܡܛܠ ܬܐܘܪܝܐ ܗܕܐ ܕܩܕܝܡܐ ܣܚܝܡܐ.. ܢܘܗܪܐ
ܡܕܡ ‎Hilo bl‏ ܘܕܛܒ ܚܬܝܬ ܐܣܬܒܪܘ ܕܠܝܒܕܝܢ. ܐܡܪܘ ܓܝܪ ܡܢ ܠܚܕܐ
ܘܡܥܠܡܡܢܘܬܐ ‎Mal‏ ܒܟܬܒܬ: ܕܟܠ ‎ρα.‏ ܥܡ ܠܠܝܐ ‎où‏ ܕܩܕܚܡ ‎AN‏ ܒ
‎EN‏ ܘܡܬܟܢܦܚܝܢ. ܗܟܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܒܡܦܩܢܐ ‎Nw se‏ ܦܨܚܐ ܘܡܛܠ ‎«ου ον‏
ܟܕ ܡܦܩܕ ܗܘܐ ܡܘܫܐ ܐܡܼܪ. ܟܕ ܡܥܪܐ ܐܪܒܥܣܪܐ ‎Lo La»‏ ܡܢ ‎jaxes‏

‎1. Ms. om. — 2. Ms. oo. — 3, Ms. sing.. — ^. Ms. ‏ܡܢ‎

‎earth! »?. Some say that we are to reckon the time from the very evening
of the οἱ" day of the week when our Saviour supped with the disciples, and
instituted the new Passover, causing the old to eease, since it was lrom that
üime that our Lord was virtually sacrificed of his own accord on our behalf,
and went down into the lower parts of the earth, and they say that the one
nighl and the six hours of the preparation should be reckoned as one day
and night, and the darkness from the 6" hour to the 9" and the light from
the 9" hour till sunset as 1he 2" day and night, so that cousequentially the
following night and the sabbath-day make up the whole of the 3" day
and night, and in this wav it is ‏ܠ‎ be believed that our Lord rose after three
daysand nights. But others? have appeared to give another elucidation upon
the question* before us, which is subtle and verv aecurate. They said that
according to tlie eustom and tradition contained in Scripture every day with
the night preceding it are* combined into one entity. "hus in Exodus, when
Moses was giving orders about the Passover and about the least of unlea-
vened bread, he said, « When the 14" day of the P* month beginneth, ve

‎|. Ms. om, «τ 2, Maftli,, xir, 0 — 3. Dionysius of Alexandria: see £ ® ‏ܓ‎ in Journ. Theol.
Stud, NV, 00 — ^. θεωρία. — 5. Sie mr.
