[445 CXI. — TO SIMUS. 275

ܬܘܩܢܐ ܕܒܪܢܫܐ: ܠܐ ‎Laos‏ ܡܠܚܠ̈ܬܐ ܕܒܪܢܫܐ ܩܕܡ ܓܘܫܡܐ ܡܬܒܝܿܪܝܐ܂. ܘܠܐ ܩܕܡ
‎Pass‏ ܦܓܪܐ ܡܬܓܝܼܒܠ. ܡܛܠ ܡܢܐ ܐܢܬ ܠܡܠܦܢܘܬܐ ܕܐܒܗ̈ܬܐ ܩܝ̈ܕܝܫܐ ‎ca‏
‏ܕܐܡܪܐ܂. ܕܡܦܘܚܝܬܐ ‎τόδ οἱ Lao Lo; JLaN‏ ܣܥ ܘܪܬܐ ܘܡܥܒܕܢܝܬܐ܆.
ܘܥܒܘܕܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܿ ‎faass‏ ܕܒܪܢܫܐ: ܠܘܬ ܗܦܟܬܐ ܫܟܝܪܬܐ ܢܓܕ ‎Mu‏ ܟܕ ܗܕܐ ‎el‏
‏ܐܢܬ. ‎Vas;‏ ܘܡܢ ܟܠ ܦܪܘܣ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܗܕܐ ܐܡܪܝܢ.. ܕܩܕܚܡ 53[ ܓܪ ܘܫܝܡܐ
‎sca sao να oo‏ ܘܒܬ ܪ ‎JS‏ ܡܫܡܠܝܬܐ ܡܬܢ][ܘܫ܆. 2605 ‎e.‏
‏ܟܬܒ ܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ: ܘܒܝܼܪܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܠܝܒܪܢܫܐ ܥܦܪܐ ܡܢ ܐܪܥܐ: ܘܢܦܝܝ ܒܝ ܐܦܘ̈ܗܝ ܢܫܡܬܐ
‎Lis‏ ܐܝܟ ܗܽܘ ܕܓܒܝܠܬܐ ‎δω ο n‏ ܡܢܦܢܘܬܐ ܕܝܢ ܒܬܪܟܢ ‎has‏
‏ܒܛܟܣܐ ܕܬܪܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܬܦܥܝܬܐ ܕܟܬܒܐ. ܐܠܐ ܠܘܐ ܡܝܣ ܪܢ ܘܬܐ ‎ως je‏ ܠܐ
ܐ ܠܝܢܝܢ.. ܐܶܢ ܐܠܗܐ ‎ama‏ ܒܬܪܥܝܬܢ ‎is‏ ܠܘ ܐܚܡ ܒܪܢܫܐ' ܐܢܫ ܡܚܝܚܝܐܠܐ܀
ܟܬܪ ‎sv‏ ܠܦܟܝܝܐ ܗܘܬ ܡܶܝܢ ܟܒܪ. ܕܐܦ ܣܗ̈ܕܘܬܐ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ ‎Lam. parcs‏
ܐܢܫܝܬܐ ܡܢ ܡܦܘܚܝܬܐ ܐܠܗܝܬܐ ܐܸܬܒܕܪܝܬ. ܐܠܐ ܕܝܢ ܘܗܕܐ ‎JM‏ ܩܝܡܿܐ݀
ܕܩܕܝܦܐ ܩܘܪܝܠܘܣ.. ‎LS‏ ܡܢܗܝܢ ܐܠܕܦ ܒܡܟܬܒܢܘܬܗ. ‎Là‏ ܕܡܢ ܡܦܘܚܝܬܐ
ܐܠܗܝܬܐ ‎ULAD‏ ܠܘܬ ‎2à‏ ܕܬܗܘܐ ܢܦܫܐ ‎‘fais‏ ܘܗ̇ܝ ‎ΟΝ‏ ܬܘܒ ܕܟܕ ‎Jes‏

1. Added in marg. and app. belonging here; bul see iu. ον — 2. Ms, ‏ܝܠ‎ — 3. Here Iollows 4 mark
of ref; hut ‏ܙܗܝܪܐܝܬ‎ (n. 1.) makes no sense lieve, — 4, Ms. ‏ܐ ܬܝܬ‎

the composition or lashioning of man the rational soul of man is (10) 1
before the body, nor is the body formed before the sonl, Why do you drag
the teaching of the holy fathers which says that the divine inspiration is
the Holy Spirit, an active and operative force, and is the power which makes
the soul of man, to an abominable objection by saying this, that they who
sav this absolutely and by all means clearly hold that the body is created
first, and after the formation is complete receives a soul, in that {he floly
Seriplure says, « And God created man dust from the earth, and breathed
into his face tlie breath of life »', as if the formation comes first, and the
animation follows afterwards, in the second place, according to the narrative
of Scripture? But we shall not arrive at this cold supposition, if we receive
in our mind 11141 God creates, not like some feeble man. (A little farther on.)
It would perhaps be possible for us to adduce other testimonies also that
the human soul was created hv divine inflation; but indeed this stands clear,
that the holy. Cyril taught all of them in his writings, showing that the soul
of man caine into being by divine inflation, and again that we are to under-

|. Ger; 112 5
