250 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [^20]

‎ο ον‏ ܗܟܝܠ ‎eel‏ ܕܡܢ ܗܕܐ ܒܙܒܢܐ ‎Jas‏ ܕܬܠܬܐ
‎o‏ ܢܬܒܩܐ. ܘܒܡܚܬܬܐ ܕܠܫܝܘܠ ,4903 20.20« ‎malls où‏ ܡܢ ܟܕ
ܫܪܝܪܐܝܬ ‎Jon‏ ܒܠܒܗ̇ ܕܐܪܥܐܿ. ‎Jon‏ ܕܝܝܚܢ ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ‎ana)‏ ܪܘܚܗ. ܟܕ ‎wl‏ ܐܒܝܚ
ܒܝ̈ܐܝܕܝܡ ‎ele‏ ܐܢܐ ܠܗ̇ ܠܝܪܘܚܝ. ܘܗܝܕܝܢ ‎Ras‏ ܪܘܚܗ. ‎σοι‏ ܟܕ ܚܝܕܝܘܬܐ
ܚܬܝܬܬ|° — ܗܘܐ: ܘܐܬܦܪܫܘ ܡܢ ܚܕܕܐ ܢܦܫܐ ܘܦܝܓܪܐ: ܘܒܝܕ 36« ܩܒ ܘܪܬܐ
ܕܦܓܪܐ܂. ܡܒܛܠ ‎LES‏ ܕܒܩܒܪ̈ܐ. ܒܚܕ ܕܝܢ ‎[ass‏ ܒܚܶܬܚܬܝܬܐ ܕܐܪܥܐ ܡܬܚܙ|.
‎ES Jiso‏ ܕܒܩܒܪ̈ܐ ‎«ml‏ ܗܘܘ. ܗܝܕܝܢ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܼܘܐ ܒ ܠܒܘ ܕܐܪܥܐ.. ܟܕ
ܢܝܚܬ ܐܝܟ ,]£36 ܦܘܠܘܣ܆. ܠܡܡܢܘܬܐ ܬܚ ܐܬܝܬ ]| ‎Jsils‏ ܗܢܘ ܕܝܢ ‎Lans‏
‏ܚܝܬܝܐ.. ܘܠܬ ܐ ܓܐ ‎Js ΣΥΝ‏ ܡܢ ܡܦܩܬܐ ܗܟܝܠ ‎Léo‏ ܢܬܡ ܢܘܢ
‎FUN JAN‏ ܐܚܡܡ. ܗܘܬ ܕܝܢ ܡܦܩܬܐ܂ ܒܫܥܬܐ ܕܬܫܥ ܕܥܝܪܘܒܝܬܐ.. ܟܕ
ܚܣܝܕ̈ܢ ܬܠܬ ‎cos‏ ܡܢ ܐܚܡܡܐ. ܡܛܠ ܗܟܝܠ ‎Los‏ ܥܪܘܒܬܐ ܥܡ ܠܠܝܐ
‎το; où‏ ܡܬܚܝܕܐ: ܐܝܟ ܥܝܕܐ ‎où‏ ܕܒܟܬܒܐ ‎οι αν D‏ ܝ ܘܡܝܐ
ܕܥܪܘܒܬܐ ܘܠܠܠܚܐ:. ܚܫܒܝܢܢ ‎par‏ ܡܪܢ ‎as‏ ܕܐܪܥܐ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܒܬܪ ܕܛܒܥ
‎Jess Jas {ος esa‏ ܘܠܠܚܝܐ ܕܝܠܙܘܿ. ܗܺܝ ܕܝܗ̈ܘܕܝܐ܂ ‎HMM‏ ܡܝܩܪܝܢ

‎1. Ms, Nas. . 2, Ms, ‏ܚܬܝܬ ܐ|‎ — 8, Ms. sing. — ^4. Ms. mas.

‎And therefore, they say, we should on this principle regard the period
of the three days! burial, and the descent of our God and Saviour who became
"incarnate into Sheol, as beginning from the time when he truly eutered the
heart of the earth ; and that he did alter he gave up his spirit, saving, « My
Father, into tiv hands I cominit my spirit »', and then his spirit departed,
and thus, though he was united in a perfect union, ilie soul and the body
were separated from one another, and through the burial of the. body. he
does away corruption in graves, and through the soul he is seen in the
lower paris of the earth, and he released those who were bound in graves.
Then it was therefore that he entered the heart of the earth, when ‘he went
down’, as Paul says, ‘to the lower parts of ihe earth"?, that is to the lowest
limits and to tlie gloomy erowns (?)? in the earth. From the departure of
the spirit therefore the three day-and-nights are to be counted; and the
departure took, place at the 9" hour of the preparation, when three hours of
the day remained. Since therefore the preparation is according to the custom
handed down in Scripture united with the preceding night, we reckon that
our Lord spent the whole of the. day and the night of tlie preparation in
the heart of the earth, and then after sunset the sabbath begins and its

‎l. Luke, xxii, 46, — 2, Eph, 1v, 9. — 3. This word is probably corrupt.
