BO v^ b.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. (386]‏ 316
ܣܘܡܩܘܬܐ ܐܠܒܫܘܗܝ܂. ܘܒܬ ܪ ‎Ju‏ ܠ ܕܐ ܪܓܘܢܐ. ܘܟ ܒܚܕ ‎as‏ ܟܡܐ
‎xA rame‏ ܠܗ ܠܓܘܚܟܐ. ܕܠܗܕܐ ܓܝܪ ܡܛܠ ܓܘܚܟܐ ‎cae‏ ܗܘܘܢ.
ܡܫܘܕܥܐ ‎2óo RES‏ ܕܠܘܩܐ ‎τοὶ Ms]‏ ܓܚܪ ܕܟܕ ܝܥܦ ‎oo «QNS AS‏
ܝܫܘܥ ܡܢ ‎OA + CAO | LS‏ 19 ܗܪܘܕܣ: ܐܝܟ ‎où‏ ܕܪܫܢܘܬܐ ܘܫܘܠܬܛܬܐ
ܠܗ ‎wi‏ ܗܘܐ. ‎Les où‏ ܒܚܝܕܘܬܐ ܚܙܝܗ. ܘܟܕ ܠܐ ‎woes‏ ܡܢܗ ܡܠܬܐ ܡܕܡ : ܘܠܐ
]1[ ܡܕܡ ».| ܡܢܗ: ܐܠܐ ܐܫܟܚܪܗ ܕܫܬܝܝܩ: ܟܕ ‎odes‏ ܐܡܿܪ ܥܡ ܦܠܚܘ̈ܗܝ
‎Malo‏ ܒܗ: ܟܕ ‎Jsoysoiso ΙΝ ος ον‏ . ܥܕܪܗ ܠܘܬ ܦܝܠܛܛܘܣ. ܡܫܟܚ
ܕܝܢ ܐܢܫ ܟܕ ܐ ܚܬܝܬܐܝܬ ܘܩܠܛܝܢܐܝܬ ܡܣܬܟܠ ̈. ܕܚܕܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܟܠܝܡ ܝܚܣ
‎os‏ ܕܐܪܓܘܢܐ ܡܶܢ. ‎LM‏ ܕܢ ܒܕܡ ܥܡܘܛܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܗ ܘܒܥ ܐ. ܐܝܟ ‎V»‏
‏ܕܢܗܘܐ ‎Jess μας | m Nene.‏ ܡܫܚܠܝܦ ܕܝܢ ܐܦܘ̈ܗܝ ܠܘܬ ‎où‏ ܕܝܬܝܪ
ܣܘܡܩ. ܘܡܣܬܒܪ ܕܠܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܓܘ̈ܢܐ ܒܩܪܝܒܘܬܐ ‎yann‏ . ܘܟܠ ܚܕ ܡܝܢ ܗܘܢ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ. ܘܚܬܝܬܐܝܬ ‎Jo‏ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ. ܡܕܝܢ ܗܼܢܘܢ ‎où Lol‏ ܡܝܢ
ܠܘܐ ܗܢܐ ܓܘܢܐ. ‎où‏ ܕܝܢ ܠܘܬ ‎où‏ ܚܪܘ. ܕܠܟܠ ܚܕ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܘܒܫܘܝܘܬ ܬܪܥܝܬܐ܂
ܘܡܫܚܠܦܐܝܬ ܢܐܡܪܘܢ. ܡܬܠ ܓܝܪ ‎fans‏ ܐܝܬܐ ܗܘܐ ‎RAO «16 woo‏

‎I. Ms. ‏.ܡܢ‎ — 2, Here begins an extracl in K 49 v».

‎thinking by the change of attire" to inerease the mockerv. That they did
this for tlie sake of mockery is plainly signifiel by the story toll by Luke
also, for he said that, when Pilate learned that Jesus was from Galilee, lie
sent him to Herod, on the ground that the supremaey and anthority was
bv right his, and he was glad to see him; and when he did not hear any
word from him, or see any sign done by him, but found him silent, ‘having
set him at nanght" (hie says) ‘with his soldiers and made fun of him, having
elad him in splendid robes, sent him to Pilate'?. But, if one considers the
matter carefully and minutely, one may say that there 1s one cloak?, of pur-
ple, but of purple which contains some inferior dark tineture, so that it
disavows tlie true purple, and clianges its appearance to one that is redder,
and appears to hold a position approximatiug to both colours, and to be each
of them, and in strietness is neither of them. — Aecordingly the evangelists
looked one at tlie one colour and the other at the other, so as to mention
each of them both with the same meaning and in different terms. Since it
was the purpose of those blasphemers against God to pile up the whole mass

‎1. σχῆμα, — 2. Luke, xxin. 11. — ‏,ܐܐ‎ χλαμύς.
