‎CVIIH. — TO THOMAS OF GERMANICEA. 269‏ ]1439
‎σου où‏ ܒܐܘܢܓܥܣ̈ܛܐ ‎ο. λα”‏ ܕܒܗ ܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܣܫ̈ܡܬܐ ܕܚܟܡܬܐ!
ܘܕܝܕܥܬܐ° ܡܛܫ̈ܝܬܐ. ‎PI‏ ܡܠܬܗ ܕܦܘܠܘܣ. *-5| ܕܝܢ ‎AGO‏ ܝܢܢ .. ‎où Sl‏
ܩܕܝܫܐ ܝܘܚܢܢ ܐܦܣܩܘܦܐ ܕܩܘܣܛܢܛܝܢܦܘܠܝܣ: ‎μα»‏ ܕܝܠܗ ‎who;‏
‏ܐܘܢܓܠܣܛܐ ‎(ENS)‏ ܕܬܘܣܦܬܐ ܗܕܐ: ܕܥܠܝܗ̇ ܐܝܬ ܠܢ ܒܥܬܐ.. ° ‎wel‏ ܐܦ
‎Lead oo‏ 52 ܐܡܪ ܕܝܝܢ ‎Li) «σοι‏ ܕܝܢ ‎cro‏ ܘܒܠܘܟܝܬ ܐ ‎SIL ou)‏ -
ܘܡܢܐ ܠܡ ‎Sani) Joots‏ ܡܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ. ܘܡܢܘ ܙ ܗܘܐ ܐܟܘܬܗܘܢ }}} ܢܡܘܣ. ܘܡܢܘ
ܕܡܟܪܝܪ ܡܢܗܘܢ ‎REASON‏ ܕܥܕܡܐ ܠܗܕܐ ܦܩܪܘܬܗܘܢ ܚܘܝܘ. ‎We»,‏ ܦܓܪܐ ܡܝܬܐ
ܣܟܟܘ. ܐܢܬ ܕܝܢ ܚܙܝ ‎Ji]‏ ܦܩܪܘܬܗܘܢ ܠܦܘܪܩܢܐ ܕܝܠܢ ܐܣܬܠܕܬ. ܡܝܢ ܒܬ ܪ
ܓܝܪ ܡܚܘܬܐ ܡܥܝܢܐ ܕܚܝ̈ܐ ܢܒܥܬ ܠܢ. ܗܕܐ ܕܝܢ ܠܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܡܕܡ ܐܚܪܢܐ. ܐܠܐ
ܕܐܢܫ ܕܫܠܡ ܠܥܩܒ̈ܬܐ ܕܡܟܬܒܢܘܬܗ! ܕܝܘܚܥܢ ܐܘܢܓܠܣܛܐ. ܡܝܬܐ ܓܝܪ ܩܪܝܗܝ
ܠܦܓܪܐ. ܡܬܛܠ ܕܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܕܐܫܠܡ ܪܘܚܗ ܕܩܪܗ ܐܣܛܪܛܚܘܛܐ:. ܘܥܠܬܐ ܝܗܼܒ
ܕܡܝܢ ܬܡܢ ‎fins‏ ܕܦܘܪܩܢܢ ܬܫܘܚ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܡܼܪ ܗܼܘ ܡܠܦܢܐ ܝܘܚܢܢ܂ ܐܦܣܩܘܦܐ.
ܠܗܕܐ ܕܝܢ ܬܘܣܦܬܐ ܕܡܟܬܒܢܘܬܗ ܕܡܬܝ ܐܘܢܓܠܣܛܐ.. ܠܐ ‎a‏ ܡܡܬܘܡ ܡܝܢ

‎1. Ms. plur. — 2. Ms. om.

‎gelists, may be glorified, ‘in whom are all the treasures of wisdom and
knowledge hidden'', according to the saying of Paul. But for the rest we
find that the holy John himself also, the bishop of Constantinople, in the
commentary on the same Matthew the Evangelist with regard to this same
addition whieh we are uow diseussing, himself also said things that fit the
truth; for he expressed himself thus : « ‘But another came up and perforated
his side with a lance’. And what could be more wieked than these men?
And who could be lawless like them? And who could be more savage thau
these same men, who showed their madness to such an extent, that thev
attacked a dead body. But do von mark how their madness was brought
about for our salvation. For after the wound the fountain. of life welled
forth for us »?. But these are the words of a man who follows the looisteps
of the narrative of John the Evangelist and nothing else; for lie called the
body ‘deal’; because it was after he gave up the ghost that the soldier?
pierced him, and gave occasion for the fountain of our salvation to well forth
thence, as the doctor John the bishop said. But this addition to the narrative
of Matthew tlie. Evangelist has never been inserted by any of the earlier

‎1. Col., 11, 3. — 2 In Matth. llom. ixxxvrm, 1 (ed. Par. 2, VII, 932). — 8. στρατιώτης.

‎118 vo b.
