‎C. — TO CAESARIA. 231‏ ]401[
ܙܒܢܐ. ‎ira‏ ܐܚ̈ܙܓܕܐ ܠܘܬ ° ܒܠܥܡ ܒܪ ܒܥܘܪ ‎où snas‏ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܥܠ ܐܪܥܐ
ܕܢܗܪܐ ‎cuc»‏ ܥܡܗ. ܕܢܩܪܝܘܗܝ ܟܕ ܐܸܡܿܪ܂. ‎ass Lie» Jon‏ ܡܢ ܡܕܪܝܢ. ܘܗܐ
ܚܦܝ ‎oo‏ ܕܐܪܥܐ. ܘܗܢܐ ‎Ja‏ ܚܕܪܝ. ‎JL [soto‏ ܠܘܛܝܗܝ ܠܝܚ ܠܥܘ ܐ ܗܢܐ.
ܡܛܠ ܕܚܝܠܬܢ ܗܘ ܗܢܐ ܝܬܝܪ ܡܢܝܢ. ܐܢ ‎ass‏ ܕܢܪܡܐ ܡܢܗܘ܆܆. ܘܢܦܩ ܐܢܘܢ
ܡܢ ܐܪܥܐ. ܡܛܠ ‎Se}‏ ܐܢܐ ܕܗ̇ܢܘܢ! ‎yu»‏ ܐܢܬ ܒܪ̈ܝܟܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ. ܘܠܗܠܝܢ
ܕܠܐ ܛ ‎Al RM Ni‏ ܟܕ ‎sot. ] sot‏ ܡܣܒܪܢܘܬܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܠܒܠܩ
ܘܠܡܘ ܐܒܝܚܝܐ ܗܠܝܢ ‎MK.‏ ܫܘܥܒܕܗ: ܘܠܡܕ̈ܝܢܝܐ ܫܒܒ̈ܝܗܘܢ: ܕܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ
ܒܙ̈ܒܪܝܐ: ܐܠܗܐ ‎où‏ ܕܨܒ݀ܐ ‎Qeon»‏ ܒܝ̈ܢܝܢܢܐ ‎aus‏ ܘܠܝܕܥܬܐ ܕܫܪܪܐ ܢܐܬܘܢ ܐܝܟ
ܒܪܬ ܩܠܗ ܕܫܠܝܚܝܐ: ܟܢ ܒܚܕ ܣܓܝܐܐ ‎Li‏ ܡܫ̈ܚܠܦܐ: ܠܓܢܣܢ ܥܛܠ ܠܗܘܦܟܐ
ܪܕܐ܂. ܩܕܡܐܝܬ ܡܢ ܠܚܝܠܗ ‎où‏ ܕܠܝܬ ܠܝܡܬܟܬܫܘ ܥܡܗ ܚܘܝ. ܘܠܡ̈ܡܠܟܐ
ܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܫܒܒܘܬܗܘܢ: ܠܝܣܝܚܘܢ ܡܠܝܟܐ ܕܐܡܘܪ̈ܝܐ ܘܠܥܘܓ ܡܠܟܐ ‎RAS)‏
‏ܕܓܢܒܪ̈ܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ 000: ܘܥܠ ܚܝܠܗܘܢ ‎M53‏ ܗܘܘ: ܘܪܗܛܘ ܠܡܣܬ݀ܪܕܘܐ
° ܘܒܢܡܘܣܐ ܕܩܪܒܼܬ] ܦܓܥܘ ‎[CRIS ο‏ ܣܝܦܐ ܘܡܝ̈ܬܐ ܥܡ
ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܫܬܡܥܝܝܢ ܗܘ[ܘ] ܠܗܘܢ ܚܘܝ ܐܢܘܢ. ‎mI‏ ܕܝܢ ܗܼܘ ܗܢܐ ܒܠܩ

‎1. Ms. NOTE

‎ambassadors to Balaam son of Beor the interpreter of dreams, who was on
the river-land of the sons of his people, to call him, saying, * Lo! a people
hath come out of Egypt, and lo! they have covered the face of the laud, and
this people hath encamped round me. And now come, curse me this people,
because this people is stronger than we, in ease we may be able to overthrow
some of them, and east them out of the land; because | know that they whom
thou blessest are blessed, aud they whom theu eursest are eursed! »'. Since
therefore Balak and the Moabites who were under subjection to him, and
the Midianites their neighbours, who were barbarians, held this belief, God
‘who wisheth that all men should live and come to the knowledge of the
truth”? according to the apostle's saying, instructiug our race, hard as it
is to turn, by many various methods, first showed his power with which
none can contend, and displayed the kings round about them, Sihon, King of
the Amorites, and Og, King of Bashan, who were giants, and trusted to
their strength, and were eager to engage in battle, and met Israel in warlike
guise, slain with the sword and dead together with their followers; and

‎1. Num., XXII. 4-6. — 2. I Tim., 11, 4.

‎h v? d.

‎4 v* b.
