‎CI. TO CAESARIA. 347‏ 417
ܩܕܝܬܐ: ܡܛܠ ‎οἱ.‏ ܘܗܕܐ! ܫܐܠܬܝ. ܪܫܝܬܐ 45 ܝܗܒ ܠܗܘܢ ܕܡܘܗܒܬܐ
ܕܪܘܚܐ. ܘܐܝܟ ܡܐ ܕܢܐܡܪ ܐܢܫ ܚܕ ‎fail‏ ܡܢ ܡ̈ܡܘܗܒܬܐ ܣ̈ܓܝܐܬܐ ܕܪܘܚܐ. ܗܠܝܢ
‎ον κ‏ ܟܕ ܟܬܒ ‎Jas‏ ܩܘܪ̈ܝܢܬܝܐ. ܐܡܪ ܐܢܐ ܕܝܝܢ ‎sore], oo‏ ܘܢܫܪܘܢ
‎ο ο ον Jod zs‏ ܫܘܕܥܬ ܬܘܣܦܬܐ. ܒܕܐܡܪ ‎où‏ ܝܙܘܘܒܐ ܕܡܘܗܘ̈ܒܬܐ
ܕܪܘܚܐ.. ܕܐܸܢ ‎où‏ ܕܫܒܩܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܚ̈ܛܗܐ ܕܐ̱ܢܫ̈ܝܢ ܢܫܬܒܩܘܢ ܠܗܘܢ. ܘܐܸܢ ܗܼܘ
ܕܐܣܪܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎«ood caia]:‏ ܐܣܝܪ̈ܝܢ. ܘܣܓܝ ܕܝܢ ;ܐ ܙܢܐܝܬ° ܒܝܕ ܡܦܘܚܝܬܐ
ܐܠܦ ܐܢܘܢ ‎oon‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܒܪܘܝܐ ‎sx‏ ܕܓܒܠܗ ܡܝܢ ܐܪܥܐ ܘܢܦܚ ‎eoas|"5‏
‎ελ. Loo‏ ܘܕܥܒܕܗ ‎Haas μον,‏ ܝ .ܝܬ ܐܝܟ ܕܘܬܝܒ. ܟܕ ‎ber‏ ܪܘܝܚܬܐ
ܘܒܫܘܦܪܐ ܕܡܝܢ ܬܡܢ ܡܒܪܩ. ܘܒܕܡܘܬܐ ܐܠܗܘܝܬܐ ‎.slass‏ ܘܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ ܕܝܢ ܡܚܘܐ
ܒܚܕ ‎uà‏ ܕܦܚ ‎ο‏ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܡܢ ‎[Azo]‏ ܕܝܠܗ. ܘܬܘ ‎Lisas‏ ܗܘ ‎où‏
‎Juro Lao;‏ ܘܗܳܝ ܕܝܢ ܐܚܪܬܐ ܥܝܡ ܗܕܐ ‎CAR λα‏ ܕܐܝܟܢܝܐ ‎Rasa‏ ܡܫܟܚܝܢܝܢ
‎JR Kiki‏ ܡܛܠ ܗܝ ܕܠܐ ‎SK‏ ܡܪܢ ‎βμάκαδο‏ ܆. ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ
ܗܘܐ ܝܘܢܢ ܒܟܪܣܗ ܕܢܘܢܐ ܬܠܬܐ ܐܝܡܡܚܢ ܘܬܠܬܐ ܠܝܠܝܘܢ: (ܗܟܢܐ ܢܗܘܐ ܒܪܗ

‎1. ¢ added above. — 2. Ms. où. — 3. Ms. δὲ μὴ.

‎and said, « Receive the Holy Spiril »', (since vou ask this question also
besides), gave them a beginning only of the gifts of the Spirit, and, as
one mav say, one kind among the manv gifts of the Spirit which Paul
enumerated in writing to the Coriuthians*, 1 mean that of binding and loosing
men's sins. This was signilied by the addition, in that that Giver of the
gifts of thé Spirit said, « If ye forgive any men's sins they shall be forgiven
to them; and if ye bind any men's sins they shall be bound »?..— And'by
means of the breathing he taught them in very mysterious fashion that he
is himself the Creator of Adam, whom he formed out of earth and into whose
face he breathed the Spirit of life, and that he made man ‘a living soul” as
itis written *, shining in the spiritual image and the beauty that flashes from
it, and sharing in tlie divine likeness. An by breathing into the disciples
he majestically shows that the Holv Spirit himself is of liis essence“ and not
alien.

‎And in addition to that you ask this other question, how then we are
able to explain how it is that our Lord Christ does not speak falsely who
Says, « As Jonah was threc days and three nights in the fislí's belly, lso
shall the Son of man be three davs and three nights in the heart of the

‎1. John. xx, 22. — 2. [ Qor., xit, 7-10. — 3. John. xx, 23. — ^. Gen, 11. 7. — à. οὐσίαι
