[403] C. — TO CAESARIA. 233

‎Job Ro looi Lo‏ ܕܥܘܩܒܕ̈ܐ: . ܦܫ - ܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܘܡܬܚܫܟܝܝܢ ܗܘ[ ܘ].. ܕܡܢܐ
ܟܕ ‎cr‏ ]>[ ܡܥܝܩ̈ܢܝܬܐ ‎yl‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܢܥܪܩܘܢ. ܘܟܕ ܩܪܘ ܠܩܕܘ̈ܡܐ ܗܠܝܢ
ܕܡܥܕܝܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎se‏ ܠܗܘܢ: ܟܕ ܒܬܛܥܝܘܬܐ [ܕ]ܦܐܕܵܐ ‎"xm so‏ ܡܦܝܣܝܢ
ܗܘܘ ܠܗܘܢ: ܕܫܪܝܐ ܢܫܟܚܘܢ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܒܝܦ̈ܬܐ. ܘܗܿܢܘܢ ܬܪܥܝܚܬܐ ‎y‏ ܗܕܐ ܣܡܘ
ܠܗܘܢ. ܕܢܚܬܘܢ ‎ΠΩ]‏ ܕܝܠܚܝܕܢ ܫܪܘܐܝܬ. ‎Jo‏ ܡܢܣܝܢ ‎Je‏ ܘܕܢܟܕܢܘܢ ܐܢܝܢ
ܠܗܠܝܢ : ܒܥܓܠܬܐ ܚܕܬܐ ܕܛܥܝܢܐ ܠܩܒܘܬܐ. ܘܕܡܽܘܬܐ ܕܕܗܒܬ ܕܛܚܘܪܖ̈ܐ ܘܕܥܘܩܒܕ̈ܐ܆.
ܒܫܘܝܘܬܐ ܕܡܢܝܢܐ ܕܡܕܝ̈ܢܬܐ:. ܕܒܠܥ ܒܡܚܘܬܐ ܕܐܝܟ ܗܕܐ.. ܘܕܢܚܒܫܘܢ ܗܘܟܝܠ
‎JS x‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܠܕ ܒܒܝܬܐ ‎JJ: me‏ ܗܼܘ ܕܢܐܙܠܢ ܐܡܘ̈ܬܗܝܢ° ܟܕ ‎EN‏
‎JM‏ ܠܘܐ ܐܪܥܐ ܕܝܗܘܕܐ: ‎[οἱ‏ ܕܣܝܡܐ ܗܘܬ ܩܒܘܬܐ ܡܢ ܩܕܚܡ: ܢܕܥܘܢ
ܕܐܠܗܐ ܕܐܝܚܣܪܐܝܠ.. ܐܝܡ ܡܣܡ ‎fais‏ ܣܡ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ ‎Mas‏ ܐܢ ܕܝܢ ܢܗܦܟܢ
ܠܘܐ ܓܥܬܐ ܕܠܓ̈ܠܬܐ: ܘܗܠܝܢ ܕܟܝܢܐ ‎«ooa‏ ܢܣܟܬܠܝܢ.. ‎RENE‏ ܕܥܘ ܡܛܠ
ܐܝܣܪܐܝܠ ]1[ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ ܡܣܡ ܒܪܝܫܐ. ‎«asus‏ ܕܝܢ ‎Do‏ ܐܝܟ ‎Isis‏
‎Ad Nae‏ ܘܟܕ ‎qoot‏ ܗܟܢܐ ܐܬܐܡܪ: ‎Suit‏ ܬܘܪ̈ܬܐ ܐܝܟ ܡܐ ܕܡܢ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ
ܕܐܠܗܐ ܛܒ ܩܫܝܐܝܬ ܡܬܛܪܕܢ ܗܘ̈ܝ: ܠܘܬ ܐܪܥܐ ܕܝܗܘܕܐ ‎ς--δι‏ ܡܢ ܢܦܫܗܝܢ

‎1. Ms. «9:8. — 2. See Smith, col. 222, L 6, and cf. Land, Anecd. Syr., ITI, 52, L 1%, 18 (Zach. Rh.,
ed Brooks, I, 63, 1. 11, 16).

‎what they could do to escape from such distresses, and, having called upon
the soothsayers, who were accustomed to instigato their actions by making
use of the deceit of demons, they begwed them to find a means of release
from these calamities, and those men proposed to them the following plan;
to bring cows that wore first-born' and were unaccustomed to the yoke,
and to yoke these to a new cart bearing the ark and golden figures of the
emerods and of the mice, equal in number to the cities that had been smitten
with a plague of this kind, and upon this to shut up the calves that had 1
born in one honse, that, il their motliers went ou drawing the cart to the
land of Judah, where the ark was previously placed, they might know that
the God of Israel had laid the plagues upon them as a punishment, but, if
they turned towards the cry of the calves and were affected in accordance
with their own natural instincts, they might learn that it was uot on account
of Israel] that the punishment came upon them, but they happened as men
to suffer these things. And, when these things had been thus stated, those
cows as if very forcibly driven by the command of God, weut of their own

‎]. I Reg., vt, 7 πρωτοτοχούσας,

‎5

‎r? b,
