119 1? a.

119 r° b.

270 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [440]

ܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܟܬܒܘ ܡܦܫ̈ܩܢܐ ܩܕ̈ܡܝܐ ܣܡܪܙܘܿ. ! ܐܘܪܓܝܢܝܚܣ ‎Mou os où‏
ܐ ‎xw‏ ܠܗ ‎y τμ.»‏ ܗܠܝܢ: ܐܦܝܢ ܒܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܬܒܥܝܢ ܠܥܪܪܐ ܕܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ
ܕܥܕܬܐ ‎LA‏ - ܐܦ ܠܐ ܐ ܕܕܘܡܣ. ܐܦܠܐ ܐܢܫ ܐܚܪܢܐ ‎"sa‏ ܫܪܒܐ ܗܢܐ ܡܟܬܒ ܠܗ.
ܐܦ ܐܘܣܒܝܣ ܕܝܢ ܩܣܪܝܐ: ‎où‏ ܕܡܬܩܪܐ ‎«X où was‏ ܩܕܡ ܩܠܝܠ
ܐܬܥܗܕܢܝܗܝ: ܟܕ ܠܘܬ ܐܢܫ ܕܡܬܩܪܐ ܡܪܝܢܐ: ܡܛܠ ܫܘ̈ܐܠܐ ܕܥܠ ‎[al‏ ܕܦܪܘܩܝܢ:
ܘܥܠ ‎oi sno‏ ܟܬܒ ̇ܗܘܐ.. ܟܠ ܟܠܗܘ ܥܠ ܬܘܣܦܬܐ ܗܕܐ ܕܐܡܝܪܐ ܠܢ ‎Don‏
‏ܠܐ ܚܘܝ. ܐܝܟ ܡܢ ܕܠܐ ‎Οσο opt‏ ܕܝܢ
ܒܐܓܪ̈ܬܗ ܕܠܘܬ ‎εν‏ ܕܥܠ ‎Ji] ele]‏ ܕܦܪܘܩܝܢ ܘܩܚܡܬܗ . ‎[asas‏ ܒܥܐ
ܗܘܐ ܡܢܗ. ܘܗܕܐ ܣܡ ܒܐܓܪ̈ܬܗ 9-99« ܕܐܠܗܝܐ ܡܶܝܢ ܡܪܩܘܣ ܐܘܢܓܠܣܛܐ
‎«ο‏ ܕܬܠܬ ܫܡܚܝܢ ܙܘ̈ܘܝ̈ ܒܥܕܢܐ ܕܐ ܙܕܩܦ ܒܗ ܡܫܝܚܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܦܪܘܩܝܢ. ܝܘܚܙܝܢ
ܕܝܢ ܐܠܗܝܐ ‎οὶ‏ ܕܒܥܕܢ ‎vM κ.‏ ܐܟܬܒ ‎ολ‏ ܦܫܝܠܛܛܘܣ ܥܠ ܒܫܡ
‎ss‏ ܒܕܘܟܬܐ ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ ܪܕܝܦܬܐ. ° ܘܕܐܢ ܗܘܐ ܠܡܫܝܚܐ. ܘܥܠ ܗܕܐ ‎ol‏

° ܗܘܐ ܐܘܣܒܫܣ.. ܕܣܟܠܘܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܗܕܐ ܕܟܬܘܒܐ. ܕܠܐ ܣܡ ܒܠܗ ܟܕ ܟܬܒ

1. Ms, Ness, — 2, Ms. ‏ܥܠ‎ bel wll ‏ܠܕܘܕܘܡܣܙ. ܐܦܠܐ‎ . -- 3, Ms, ‏ܕܦܡܦܘܠܘܣ‎ . — 4, As. ose.

commentators who wrote, not by Origen, who examined such questions
minutely, though he sinned' in matters that are necessary [lor the truth
of the faith of tlie church, nor by Didymus, nor by any other man who
has written on this subject. But Eusebius? of Caesarea, who is called
*Pamphili', whom we mentioned a little. above, when writing to a man
called Marinus. about questions concerning the passions of our Saviour
and about his Resurrection, showed us nothing whatever about the said
addition, as being unknown and having no place in the books of the gospel.
But in the same letters to Marinus, who had asked him for an interpreta-
tion on the subject of our Saviour's passions and his Resurrection, he inser-
ted the following exposition also in his letters, that the divine Mark the
Evangelist. said that it was the 3" hour at the time when Christ who is
God and our Saviour was crucified, but the divine John (he said) wrote
that it was at the 6" hour that Pilate sat upon his judgment-seat at the
place called ‘the parement”, aud judzed Christ. And therelore Eusebius
said that this is an error of à scribe, who was inatteutive when writing

1. Perh. ἥμαρτε (erred); see p. 27, n. 3 — 3. This passage Lo *leller" (p. 411,112) is poblished in
Greek in Cramer, Gef. ii Luc. et do, p. 38 τοῖς Corderius, Cat. ii des p. 536; P. εν NNI, Imt).
