[437] CVIH. — TO THOMAS OÙ GERMANICEA. 267

ܕܐܣܬܛܪܛܚܘܛܐ ܘܕܪܘܡܚܐ. ܘܠܐ ܝܕܥ ܐܢܐ ܐܝܟܢ ܘܡܛܠ ܡܿܢ.. ܩܕܝܫܐ ܝܘܚܢܢ ‎où‏
‏ܕܐܦܣܩܘܦܐ ܕܝܠܗ̇ ܕܡܕܝܢܬ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܗܼܘܐ:. ܘܗ̇ܘ ܬܡܝܗܐ ܩܘܪܝܠܘܣ: ܐܦܣܩܘܦܐ
ܕܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ ܠܐ ܒܚܢܘ ܥܠ ‎«μοι‏ ܘܫܒܩܘ ܕܬܪ̈ܐܝܗܝܢ ܗ̈ܘܝ ܣܝܡܝܢ܇. ܒܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ
ܐܘܢܓܠ̈ܣܛܐ. ܟܕ ܐܡܣܪܘ!ܐ ܥܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ ܕܥܩܘܒܬܐܼ. ܐܟܒܪ ܕܝܝܢ ܕܬܬܝܕܥ
ܘܗܕܐ: ܕܟܕ ܟܠ ܡܕܡ ܒܡܥܒܕܘܬܐ ܕܪܘܚܐ ܩܕܝܥܐ ‎Sa‏ ܘܟܬܒܝܢ: ܘܟܕ ܪܡܝܢ
ܡܢܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܚܢܢ ܕܥܡ ܐܪܥܐ ‎τ θοῦ‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܪܡܝܢ ‎σα»‏ ܡܢ ‎Js]‏ ܘܕܢܬܝܕܥܘܢ
ܕܐܦ ܗܼܢܘܢ ܒܢ̈ܝ ܐܢܫܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ: ܘܕܫܒܩܝܢ ‎ωό‏ ܕܟܠܝܡܕܡ܂ ܠܝܡܕܥ ‎Jo NJ‏
‎Κο 1195‏ ܡܕܡ ‎Lisams‏ ° ܠܐ ܡܬܡܠܠܢܐ: ܕܫܘܡܠܝܐ ܕܓܠܝܢܗ ‎J‏
‏ܡܬܝܕܥ. ܗܟܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܐܦ ܫܡܘܐܝܠ.. ‎où‏ ܕܟܠ ܡܕܡ ‎y‏ ܐܢܫ ‎es wel‏
ܗܘܐ ܠܡܗܘܐܼ ܚܙܐ ܗܘܐ ܒܥܝܢܐ ‎.-Jlausss‏ ܠܫܐܘܠ ܟܕ ‎coro‏ ܗܘܐ ‎Ἆ 5ο‏ ܟܠܗ
ܗܝܣܪܝܠ ܩܐܡ ܗܘܐ :. ܠܐ ܝܙܥ ܗܘܐ܂. ܡܛܠ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎rA‏ ܗܠܝܢ ‎LAS‏ ܪܕܐ
ܐܗܘܐ. ܘܡܠܦ ܗܘܐ ܕܠܘܬ ܡܟܝܟܘܬܐ ܢܚܘܪܘܢ. ܒܕܓܘܢ ܐܦ ܟܬܒܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ ܡܟܬܒ
ܗܟܢܐ. ܘܫܐܠ ܫܡܘܐܝܠ ܒܡܪܝܐ܂ ܘܐܡܼܪ. ܐܸܢ ܐܬܐ ܠܗܪܟܐ ‎où Jia‏ ܘܐܡܪ ܡܪܝܐ.

1. Ms, ‏ܐܡܣܐ‎ .

of the story of the soldier‘ and the spear. Ido not know how and for what
reason the holy John who became bishop of the same royal city, and the
admirable Cyril, bishop of Alexandria, did not test this question, and allowed
the two passages to stand, in the two evangelists, neglecting the evidence
to the contrary ;? but perhaps in order that this also miglit be known, that,
while they speak and write everything under the operation of the Holy
Spirit, and while these men are higher than we (for we are men who crecp
along the earth), as the heaven is higher than the earth?, and that they them-
selves also might be known to be men, and to leave oinniscience to God ouly,
and that there is something in affairs which cannot be expressed, the complete
revelation. of which is not made known. "Thus Samuel also, who as one
may say saw with the eye ol prophecy everything that was about to happen,
did not know Saul when he was present and standing among all Isracl,
because God by means of these things was instrueting his bondmen, and
teaching them to pay regard 10 humility. — Wherefore also the divine Scrip-
ture is written thus : « And Samuel asked in the Lord and said, * Cometh that
man hither?' Aud the Lord said, * Lo! he is hidden among the vessels'. And

l. στρατιώτης, — 2. The passage is not in the exlant fragments of Cyril's commentary on Matth. For
Jo. Chrys. see below. — 3. The seutence is not coinpleted.

118 r° b.
