[415] C. — TO CAESARIA. 245

ܠܒܕܫ ܥܡ ‎Hier Ro‏ ܕܠܐ ܚܝܛܐ. ܕܙܩܚܪܬܐ ‎SLA)‏ ܗܘܬ ܡܢ ܠܥܠ
ܒܟܘܠܬܚܘܬܗܿ. ܕܐܦ ܡܝܢ ܗܕܐ ܢܫܟܚܘܢ ܕܢܗܝܡܢܘܢ ܝܗܘ̈ܕܝܐ܂. ܕܡܢܘ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܘܡܝܢ
ܐܝܟܐ ‎loù‏ ܕܗܠܝܢ ‎cus‏ ܕܠܘ ܡܢ ܐܪܥܐ ܗܘ. ܐܠܐ ܕܡܢ ܠܥܠ ܐܬܐ ܡܠܬܐ.
ܘܠܘ ܕܡܦܠܓܐ ܗܘ. ‎Js Ji]‏ ܦܘܠܓܐ ` ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܡܢ ܐܒܐ. ܡܛܠ ܕܟܕ ܗܘܐ
ܒܪܢܫܐ܂. ܠܘ ܕܚܝܛ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ‎TRS‏ ܡܢ ܓܒܪܐ ܘܡܝܢ ܐܢܬܬܐ. ܐܠܐ܂ ܕܡܢ
ܒܬܘܠܬܐ ܒܠܚ ܘܕ ܙܩܚܪ ܒܐܘܡܢܘܬܐ ܕܪܘܚܐ܀

ܘܒܬܐ ܐ̱ܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ܀

ܗܳܝ ‎et‏ ܕܡܛܠ ܕܘܥܬܐ ‎JNXao‏ ܕܕܡܐ: ܗܘܝܬܝ ‎bé‏ ܕܒܟܬܝܒ̈ܝܬܐ
ܐܠܗ̈ܝܬܐ ܘܐܘ̈ܢܓܠܝܬܐ: ܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܐ ܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ܂ ܠܐ ܟܬܝܒܐ. ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܘܩܕܝܫܐ
ܩܘܪܝܠܘܣ ܒܡܐܡܪܐ ܕܬܪ̈ܥܣܪ ܕܗܠܝܢ° ܕܚܠܦ ܕܚܠܬܐ ‎Los‏ ܡܟܬܒܝܢ
‎τοὺς‏ ܠܘܩܒܠ ܪܫܝܥܐ ܘܦܠܚ ܠܫ̈ܐܕܐ ܝܘܠܝܢܘܣ.. ܗܟܢܐ ‎ges RL‏
ܡܛܠ ܕܝܢ ‎£x]‏ ܕܠܘܩܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ ܒܡܿܠܐ ‎où,‏ ܣܡ : ‎Χίου‏ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ‎ble‏
‏ܘܡܚܝܠ ܗܘܐ ܠܝܫܘܥ: ܘܕܘܥܬܗ ܢܛܛܦܐ ܗܘܐ ‎οἱ Νὰ y‏ ܟܝܬ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܐ :
ܢܐܠܦ ܡܢܝܢ.. ܕܠܐ ܡܕܡ ܕܕܐܝܡ ܗܟܢܐ ܒܡܟܬܒܢܘܬܐ ܕܠܘܩܐ ܐܫܟܚܢܝܢ ܕܣܚܡ ܐܢ

l. Ms. Oo: — 2. Ms, «μοι. — 3, Ms. om. + This and (he next 2 words arc in an erasure.

he put on also an unsewn tunie that was woven from the top throughout, that
from this also the Jews might be able to believe who and whence he is who
put on these things; that the Word is not from thé earth, but that he came
[rom above, and he is not one divided, but is without division [rom the Father ;
because, wlien he became man, he had not a body that was sewn together
from ἃ man and a woman, but one that was woven from a virgin alone by
the Spirit's workmanship »'.

(And after other things.) But, as to the passage about the sweat and the
drops of blood, know that in the divine and evangelieal Seriptures that are at
Alexandria it is not written. Wlierelore also the holy Cyril in the 12" of
tlie books written by him on behall of the religion of the Christians against
the impious demon-worshipper Julian plainly stated as follows : « But, since
lie said that the divine Luke inserted among liis own words the statement that
an angel stood and strengthened Jesus, and his sweat dripped like blood-
drops or blood, let him learn from us that we liave found nothing of this kind
inserted in Luke's work, unless perhaps? an interpolation has beeu made

1. De Pass. et Cruc., 21 (P. § NXVHI, 221). — 2. 5

9 δα,
