‎C. — TO CAESARIA. 235‏ ]405[
ܡܛܠ ‎Lisis‏ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ.. ܘܠܐ ܡܫܟܚܝܢ ܕܢܫܬܒܠܘܢ ܠܘܬ ܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ. ܡܢ
ܡܠܦܢܘܬܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܡܢ ‎Lio‏ ܡܕܡ ‎y Jl‏ ܗܕܐ. ‎oot‏ ܗܕܐ ܘܡܪܢ ܘܐܠܗܢ ‎Sas‏
‏ܡܫܝܚܐ ‎x] QAM uolo‏ ܕܣܓܝ̈ܐ | ܢܐܡܪܘܢ ‎où‏ ܝ ܘܡܐ . ܐ[ܡܪܢ] ܡܪܢ ܠܘ
‎Ass λα...‏
ܘܗܝܕܝܢ ܐܫܬܘܕܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܕܠܐ ܡܡܬܐܘܡ ܝܕܥܬܟܘܢ. ܙܠܘ ܠܟܘܢ ܡܢܝ ܘܠܝܚ
‎.Jlas‏ ܘܩܝܦܐ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ‎a2‏ ܡܘܬܒܐ ܘܡܕܒܪܢܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ: ܕܟܢܘܫܬܐ ܢܨܝܬ ܥܡ
ܐܠܗܐ ܕܝܗܘ̈ܕܝܐ: ܗܠܝܢ ܕܙܩܦܘ ܠܘܒܪܢ: ܢܒܝܐܝܬ ܐܡ ܪ] ܗܘܐ܂. ܕܚܠܦ ܥܡܐ ܢܙܕܩܦ.
ܘܠܗܕܐ ‎RL‏ ° ܝܘܚܢܢ ‎οὐ‏ ܕܛܒ ܡܡܠܠ' ܐܠܗܝ̈ܬܐ ܐܘܢܓܠܣܛܐ ܐܟܬܒ
ܗܟܢܐ. ܚܕ ܕܝܢ ܡܢܗܘܢ ‎où je.‏ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ‎a5‏ ܟܗܘ̈ܙ ܐ ܕܗ̇ܝ ‎τοί JA»‏
ܠܗܘܢ. ܐܢܬܘܢ ܐܐ ܝܕܥܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎(Jogo Jle‏ ܘܠܐ ܡܬܬܚܦܒܚܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܦܩܝ ܗܘ
ܠܢ ܕܚܕ ܒܪܢܫܐ ܢܡܘܬܐ ܚܠܦ - ‎Jo‏ ܟܠܗ ‎Εαν‏ 28+ ܗܕܐ ‎τ‏ ܡܝܢ ‎las,‏
‏ܢܦܫܗ ܠܐ ‎isse]‏ ܐܠܐ ܡܛܠ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܪܝܫ ܟܗ̈ܢܐ ܕܗ̇ܝ ‎Jus‏ ܐܬܢܒܝ ܕܥܬܝܕ
ܗܘܐ ܝܫܘܥ ܕܢܡܘܬ ܚܠܦ ܥܡܐ. ܘܠܘ ܚܠܦ ܥܡܐ ‎sas‏ ܐܠܐ ܘܕܠܒܬ̈ܝܐ° ‎Jo,‏
‏ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܒܕܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܢܟܢܫ ‎Je‏ ܡܕܝܢ ܗܟܝܠ ‎Jo‏ ܩܚܦܐ ܘܠܐ ܒܥܥܡ ܕܚ̈ܠܝ

‎j. Ms, ‏ܠܒܠܐܢܝ ,2 — . ܡܠܠ‎ in smaller lellers, app. in erasure.

‎barians, and cannot be brought to religion by teaching or by any other
similar method. — This same thing our Lord and God Jesus Christ also said
in the gospel : « Many shall say in that day, *'Our Lord, our Lord, did we
not in [thy] name prophesy, and in (thy] name cast out demons, and in thy
name do many mighty works?' and then will | profess unto them, * I never
knew you, depart ye from me, workers of iuiquity ' « '. And Caiphas, being
president and ruler of the assembly of the Jews that contended with God,
those who crucifiel our Lord, said prophetically that he should be crucified
for the people; and this John the Evangelist who was indeed the Theologian
described as follows : « But one of them, Caiaphas, who was the high-
priest of that year, said to them, * Ye know nothing, and do not consider
that it is expodient for us that one man die for the people, and the whole
people perish not”. But this he said not of himself, but, because he was
the high-priest of that year, lie. prophesied that Jesus should die for the
people, and not for the people only, but also that he-miglt gather iuto one
the sons of God who were scattered »?. ^ Aecordiugly therefore neither

‎1. Malih., vir, 22, 23, — 2. John, ΧΙ. 49-52.

‎6 r? a,
