11! ¥ b.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [443]‏ 272
ܕܟܬܘܒܐ ܕܢܫܚܠܝܦ ‎οἱ‏ ,- ܥܠ ܕܐܘܣܦ ܠܗ̇ ܡܬܚܐ. ܘܐܣܕܬܒܝܪܬ ‎OU‏ ܕܗ̇ܝ
‎Άη‏ ܢܬ ܐܝܬܝܗܿ. ܡܛܠ ܕܘܡܚܐ ܕܬܪ̈ܬܝܗܝܢ ܐܬܘ̈ܬܐ ܕܗ̇ܝ ܕܡܫܘܕܥܐ ܥܠ ܬܠܬܐ
‎2óto‏ ܕܡܦܘܕܥܐ ܥܠ ܘܬ . ‎NI‏ ܗܟܝܠ ‎Jus)‏ ܡܢ ܝܘܚܢܢ ‎As‏ ܗܘܬ ܥܪܘܒܬܐ
ܕܦܬܛܝܪܐ: ‎beo‏ ܗܘܐ ܐܝܡ ܫܬ ‎Mexx‏ ܘܐܡܪ ܗܘܐ ܦܝܠܝܛܛܘܣ ܠܝܗܘ̈ܕܝܐ ‎[οἱ‏
‏ܡܠܟܟܘܢ: ܥܡ 06« ܕܫܪܟܐ܂. ܬܬܩܪܐ ܚܠܦ ܗܝ ‎ss‏ ܗܝ ܕܬܠܬ. ܟܕ ‎μίας‏
‎cr Of)‏ ܗܼܘܐ܂. ܒܦܠܓܪܘܿ ܕܝܢ ܐܘ ܟܕ ܐܬܡܠܝܬܐ ° ܙܩܦܘܗܝ. ‎y‏ ܕܬܫܬܟܝܝ
ܕܒܗ̇ ܒܫܥܬܐ ܕܢܘܗܝ܂ ܘܙܩܦܘܗܝ܀ ܐܢ ܕܝܢ ܬܒܥܝܗ̇ ܘܬܫܕܟܝܚ ܦܢܩܝܬܐ ‎Là‏ ܕܠܘܬ
ܡܪܝܢܐ ܡܟܬܒܐ ܠܗ ܥܠ ‎Ro [asas‏ ܡܦܟܚܝܬ ܚܬܬܝܬܘܬܗ ܕܡܟܬܒܢܐ

‏ܕܥܠ ܐܦܝ ܗܠܝܝܢ. ܚܢܢ ܕܝܢ ‎cokan Ike‏ ܥܠ ‎rs)‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܒܐܓܪܬܢ
‎he‏ ܠܐ ‎Md‏ ܗܘܬ ܢܬܛܝܪܐ ܠܢ ‎JS oui‏ ܕܩܕܝܫܘܬܟܡ ܟܕ ‎LOS‏ ܡܬ ܗܓܐ
ܘܒܗܠܝܢ! ‎Rio‏ ܡܬܗܦܟܐ. ܘܠܟܡܝܪܘܬܐ ܕܫܬܩܢ ܡܥܝܪܐ܂ ‎Lo‏
‏ܠܡܡܠܠܘ܀

‎1. Mx. ins. ‏ܨܦܢܐ ܝܬ‎ app. deleted.

‎Mark. For it happened that there was an error on the part of the scribe so
that he changed the letter by adding length to it, and it was thought that

‎>

‎the letter which represents ‘3° was ‘6°, on account of the likeness of the
two letters ‘of that which deuotes *3' and that which denotes *6'. 1
the refore it is stated by John that it was the preparation of the day of
unlevened bread, and 16 was about the 6'" hour, and Pilate said to the
Jews « Bchold! your king »', and so on, let there be read instead
οἱ *6"" ‘3°, since the beginning of his trial took place at that time, and
in the middle of the hour or after it had been completed they crucified him,
so that the result is that they judged and crucified him at the same hour »*.
If you look for and find the volume addressed to Marinus about the inter-
pretation of these things, you will find the accuracy of Ihe writer as
regards these matters. For our part we do not wish to write much on
these subjects in this our letter. May the industry of your holiness be
preserved for us meditating on these things and occupied with these things
in priestly fashion, and rousing up tlie gloom of our silence and urging it
to speak.

‎1. John, xix. 1^. — 2 Nol known eec. from Sov, — 8, À Greek exlract from a letter Lo Th. of
Gernauicea is published in Cramer, Caf. in Epp. Cath, p. 159,
