‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. (^08]‏ 238
ܡܪܝܚܩ.. ܠܘܬ ܦܝܥܣܦܘܬܐ ܡܥܠܝܬܐ ‎2à jM‏ ܕܐܼܦ ܠܘܬ ܡܓܘ̈ܫܐ ‎sem»‏
‏ܕܒܫܕ ‎Ju‏ ܕܟܘܟܒܐ ܕܢܩܪܐ ܐܢܘܢ ܐܬܪܡܝ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎ηλ ο‏ ܐܢܘܢ.
ܡܛܠ ‎Sosa‏ ܕܐܝܬܝ ܘܗܙܼܝ ܐܢܘܢ: ‎2l Lio! Lao‏ ܐܢܘܢ.. ‎Jl‏ ܬܘܒ ܒܝܚܕ
ܟܘܟܒܐ. ‎Jil‏ ܒܝܕ ܡܠܐܟܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܡܡܠܠ ܗܘܐ ܥܡܗܘܢ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎δάδα»‏ ܩܠܝܠ
ܡܫܬܪ̈ܐ ܗܘܝܢ ‎à! «οσοι‏ ܠܪܗܕܐ ܘܠܐܫܩ̈ܠܘܢܝܐ ‎.Joa p» Jo‏ ܐܦ ܓܝܪ ܗܠܝܢ
‎AI‏ ܡܕܝ̈ܢܬܐ: ܡܛܠ ܕܟܕ ܐܬܬ ܩܒܘܬܐ ܡܚܘܬܐ ܡܫܡܠܝܬܐ ܒܠܥܘ.. ܘܦܘܨܝܐ
ܘܠܐ ‎a asl κ”‏ ܡܢ ܡܚܘ̈ܬܐ ܗܥܝܢ ܕܤܫܡܢ ‎ωοδι‏ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ: ܟܕ ܠܩܕܘ̈ܡܐ ܩܪܘ:
ܘܟܢܘܦܝܐ ‎v .,Qs45‏ ܗܘܘ ‎s)‏ ܢܬܟܚܘܢ ܕܡܚܝܘܬܐ ‎Là‏ ° ܕܡܝܢ ܐܠܗܐ: ܩܕܘ̈ܡܐ
ܕܝܢ ܐܡܪܘ ܕܬܘܖ̈ܬܐ ܠܐ ܡܟܒܬ̈ܬܐ ܘܒܘܟܪܕ̈ܬܐ ‎ο)‏ ܕܢܟܙܢܘܢ ܒܩܒܘܬܐ. ܘܟܕ ܐܢܫ ‎J‏
‏ܡܿܕܒܪ ܠܗܝܢ ܙܫܟܒܟܩܘܢ ‎«In «xl‏ ܗܟܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܝܕܝܥܬܐ ܬܗܘܐ ‎BR]‏
‏ܗܼܘ ܕܡܝܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܗܝ ‎4o .Jlauso‏ ܡܢ ܣܩܘܒܬܐ ܡܕܡ ‎οἱ‏ ܟܘܪܗܢܐ. ܐܢ ‎loù‏
‏ܓܝܪ ܐܟܠܪܝܢ: ‎QE‏ ܡܢ ܠܐ ܡܕܪܫܘܬܐ ‎[μὰς‏ ܡܕܩܩܝܢ: ܐܘ ܠܘܬ ܠܓܠ̈ܬܐ ܟܕ
ܓܥܝܢ ܢܗܦܟܢ.. ‎ες‏ ܐܘ ܟܝܬ ܦܓܥܐ | ‎Loos δι ok‏ ܐܢ ܕܝܢ ܬܪܝܨܐܝܬ
ܢܗܠܟܢ: ‎e Jo‏ ܡܕܡ ܡܢ ܓܥܬܐ ܕܒܢ̈ܝܗܝܢ܂. ܘܠܐ ܡܢ ܐܐ ܝܕܥܬܐ ܕܛܥܝܘܬܗܝܢ

‎1. Ms. ‏ܗܘ‎

‎remove them gradually from the custom [and] bring them to the high philo-
sophy; a thing which he also does to the Magi, in that he consented to call
them by means of the appearance of the star, in order to make them there-
after higher. Since therefore he brought and led them, and set them by the
manger, he did not again thereafter speak with them through a star, but
through an angel, aud so they gradually became better. "The same thing
he did also to the men of Ascalon and Gaza. For these five cities also,
since after the coming of the ark they had been sinitten with a regular plague,
and found no eseape from the plagues laid upon them, having called the
soothsayers aud held an assembly, wished to find a release from the plague
which came from God. But the soothsayers said that they should yoke
unbroken and firstborn' cows to the ark and let them go, no man leading
them; * for so it will be plain whether the plague is from God, or from some
chance or disease. For, if” (ΠΟΥ say) ‘they either from inexperienee break
the yoke, or return. to the ealves when they low. it is a chance or au
accident that has happened. But, if they walk straiglit, and are in no way
affected by the lowing of their young, or by the ignorance of their error?

‎ἐν do, Chrys. πρωτοτοχούσας. — 2. The translalor seems to. have read πλάνης l'or πλανηθῶαι.
