8 v? b.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [414]‏ 244
ܠܟܠ ܡܠܬܐ ܘܣܝܘܟܬܐ ‎xs‏ ܝܘܚܢܝܢ ܡܢ ‎où‏ ܕܗܘܐ ܐܦܣ ܘ ܦ .ܐ
ܕܩܘܣܛܛܢܛܝܢܦܘܠܝܣ: ܒܡܐܡܪܐ ܕܬܡܢܐܝܢ ܘܚܘܡܫܐ ܕܦܘܦܩܐ ‎Qna uo]‏ ܕܝܘܚܢܢ
ܟܬܒ ܗܟܢܐ. ܐܢܬ ܕܝܢ ܐܬܒܩܐ ܠܝ ‎odio NA NS‏ ܕܢܒܚܐ. ܠܘ ܓܝܪ ܕܘܥܓܘ ‎ANS‏
‎Jio JH]‏ ܦܠܓܘ ܐܡܪ ܢܒܝܐ. ܠܗܠܝܢ ܡܿܢ ܦܠܓܘ ‎μα»‏ ܕܝܝܢ ܐܐ ܦܠܓܘ
ܐܠܐ ܘܠܦܣܐ܂ ܠܣܘܥܪܢܐ ܗܦܟܘܗܝ. ܗ̇ܝ ܕܚܢ ‎«OO?‏ ܠܥܠ ܙܩܝܪܬܐ܂ ܠܘ ‎ρα...‏
‏ܣܝܡܐ. ܐܠܐ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܡܿܢ ‎ol‏ ܕܡܕܡ ܚܠܦ ܡܕܡ ܒܝܕ ܗܕܐ ܡ ܬܝܕܥ.
ܡܛܠ ܙܠܘ ‎Jas‏ ° ܫܚܫܡܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ‎où‏ ܕܡܨܛܠܒ. ܐܠܐ ܘܡܝܢ ܠܥܠ
‎JAoots JI‏ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ. ܡܢܗܘܢ ‎9i vor‏ ܠܕܡܘܬܐ ‎La»‏ 33 ܐܘܢܓܠܣܛܐ.
ܡܛܠ ܓܝܪ ܕܒܦܠܣܣܛܝܢܐ ‎Iv‏ ܬܝܢ ܦܕ̈ܩܐ ܡܕܒܟܝܢ ܗܟܢܐ 9« ‎«σοι»‏
‎DEAN‏ ܡܫܘܕܥ ܝܘܚܢܢ.. ܕܠܘ ‎Jso yb‏ ܐܝܬܝܪܗ̇ ܗܘܬ ܟܘܬܝܢܐ. ‎les‏ ܕܡܢ
ܠܥܠ ܙܩܝܪܬܐ ‎SR)‏ ܗܘܬ. ܘܗܕܐ ܡܣܬܒܪܐ ܠܝ ‎£l‏ ܟܕ ܡܫܘܕܥ ‎Janus‏
‏ܕܡ̈ܐܢܐ. ‎Isle‏ ܕܒܟܠܗܝܢ ܙܘܠܝܢ ܐܚܕܢܝܬ | . ܗܟܢܐ ‎JN so‏ ܠܐܣܟܡܐ ‎Janus‏
‏253« ܗܘܐ. ܐܬܢܤܣܝܘܣ ܕܝܢ ܪܒܐ ܒܡܐܡܪܐ ‎où‏ ܕܡܛܠ ܙܩܫܦܐ܂ ‎δὶ Ro‏

‎1. In smaller lelters. in erasure.

‎we confirm every statement and opinion by the expressions used by these.
John who became bishop of Constantinople in the 85" liomilv of the commen-
lary on the Gospel of John wrote as follows : « But do you, I pray, observe
the prophet's accuracy; for the prophet did not say only that they divided,
but also that they did not divide. Some things they divided, but the tunic
they did not divide, but also committed the matter to lot. But the expression
*woven from the top' is not added casually; but some say that by means of
this expression one thing is indicated in place of another, because he who
was crucified was not mere man, but had also tlie Godhead [rom above: while
others say that the evangelist is depicting the actual pattern of the tunic,
lor, since in Palestine they join two pieces of material together and so weave
garments, John signifies that tho tunic was not' of this kind, in that he
says that it was woven from the top. And this it seenis to me that he says
by way of signifying the meanness of the garments, and, as in all other things,
so also in raiment he followed. a simple form «7. And Athanasius the great

‎im tlie homily on tlie Cross says these things : « Together with these things

‎1. The uegalive. required by (lie sense. is nob iu the Greek. — 2. In Jo. Hom. Lxxxv, 1. 9 (ed. Par.
2*, VII, 575).
