‎XCIX. — TO CAESARIA. 217‏ ]387
ܥܠ ܐܠܗܐ: ܕܠܘܠܠܗ ܨܥܪܐ ܢܟܢܫܘܢ: ܘܠܓܘܚܟܐ ܢܪܒܘܢ: ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܥܠܬܐ..

‎Das ολο‏ ܕܠܓܘܚܟܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܡܙܝܥ: ܐܝܟ ‎Kiss‏ ܗܘܘ ܐܫܟܚܘ. ܪܐ ܙܐ ܕܝܢ

‎où‏ ܕܥܠܘܗܝ ܕܡܛܛܫܝ ܗܘܐ ܡܬܚܘܐ ܗܘܐ ܒܚܕ ‎rs Νο‏ ܡܢ ܓܝܘ̈ܢܐ. ܡܛܠ
‎emma.‏ ܕܓܘܢܐ ܕܐܪܓܘܢܐ ° ܠܡܿܠܟܐ 3339[ ܘܡܪܝܐ ܘܐܠܗܐ ܢܚܘܐ܆:. ܕܠܘܬ ܚܫܐ ‎Malos;‏
‎où JL]‏ ܕܝܢ ܕܙܐܚܘܪܝܬܐ ܘܣܘܡܩܐ .. ‎oS, LORD‏ ܚܛܛܝܬܐ ܕܝܠܝܢ ܗܼܘ ܢܣܝܼܒ.

‎Loos ‏ܘܬܘܡܪܢܝܬܐ!. ܘܠܗܕܐ ܢܣܟܟܝܪܗܿ ܒܙܩܚܦܐ‎ [ses co ‏ܕܢܬܟܣܐ‎ Jus.)

‏ܐ ܬܐ ܝܦ ‎pa‏ ܗܽܘ ܕܠܐ ܝܪܥ ܚܛܝܬܐ. ܠܘ ° ܚܠܦܘܗܝ. ‎J|‏ ܓܝܪ ܬܗܘܐ ܡܡܬܘܡ
ܕܗܕܐ ܢܐܡܪ. ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܕܝܢ ܚܠܦ ܚܛܗ̈ܐ ܕܝܠܝܢ. ‎Ja‏ ܗܟܝܠ ܘܝܘܚܢܢ ܡܢ

‏: ܐܝܙܓܕܐ ܐܡܪ ܗܘܐ. ܗܐ ܐܡܪܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎Saas où‏ ܚܛܝܬܗ ܕܥܠܡܐ. ܦܛܪܘܣ

‏ܕܝܢ ܪܝܫܐ ܕܬ̈ܠܝܚܐ ܘܠܝܚ ܗܘܐ. ‎CES où‏ ܕܝܠܝܢ ܒܦܝܓܪܗ ܐܣܩ ܥܠ
ܩܝܣܐ. ܡܛܠ ܕܟܕ ܠܒܪ ܡܢ ܚܛܗ̈ܐ ܗ̇ܘܝܢܢ ܒܙܕܝܩܘܬܐ ܢܚܐ. ܚܟ ܡܝܐ ܕܝܢ
ܦܘܠܘܣ ܟܬܒ ܗܘܐ ܠܘܬ ܩܘܪ̈ܢܬܝܐ: ܡܛܠ ܐܠܗܐ ܘܐܒܐ ‎cà‏ ܕܨܒܐ ܥܡܗ ܕܡܛܠ
ܦܘܪܩܢܐ ܕܓܢܣܐ ܕܟܠܗܘܢ ‎lano‏ ܢܚܫܢ. ܕܠܗܰܘ ܕܠܐ ܝܕܥ ܚܛܝܬܐ ‎Rae‏

‏ܐ ܘܙ ‎οἱ‏ ܐܐ ‎JR‏ ܥܒܕܗ. ܕܚܢܢ ܒܗ ܢܗܘܐ ܙܕܝܩܘܬܐ ܠܐܠܗܐ܀ ° ܘܐܦ ܓܚܪ ܫܝܘܐܠܐ ‎Lil‏

‎1. In K the 8351 o is inserted above.

‎of insult and increase the mockery, for this réason they found even the very
dress which, as they thought, would exeite much mockery; but the niystery
contained in it which was hidden was shown by each of the colours, in
order that the purple colour might show the King of kings and Lord and
God, who was of liis own will coming to the Passion, while the searlet and
red showed the fact that he himself took the whole of our sin, so that he
was elad in tlie crimson eloak of blood, and nailed this to tlie saving Cross.
For he suffered who knows not sin, not on his own behalf (may we never
sav this!), but rather on behalf of our sins. This therefore John also the
ambassador said : « Behold! the Lamb of God who beareth the sin ol the
world »'. And Peter the chief of the apostles wrote in his epistle : « Ile
took up our own sins in his body on to the tree, in order that being sepa-
rated from the sins we may live in righteousness »*. And the wise Paul
wrote to the Corinthians about God and the Father, who wishes with him
that he should suffer for for the sake of the salvation of the race of all men :
« Him who knew not sin lie made sin for our sake, that we in him may
become righteousness unto God »*.

‎l. John, i, 29. — 2, 1 Pet., 11, 25. — 3. II Cor., v, 21.
