[4071 Cr TO CAESARIA. 3:7

| )| ܘܥܠ ܗܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܒܣܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܗܠܚܝܢ ‎DS‏

ܘܕ ‎JON‏ ܒܝܕ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܥܝܕܝܢ ܒܗܝܢ ܩܪܐ ܠܗܘܢ. ܟܕ ܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ ° ܡܬܢܚܝܬ.
ܘܡܚܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ 3525[ ܪܒܐ ܘܡܫܚܠܦܐ.. ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎LAM‏ ܪܒܘܬܐ ܘܦܘܦܪܐ ܕܚܙܬܐ ܢܬܐܡܗ
ܐܢܘܢ - ܘܒܙܢܐ ܕܡܪܕܝܬܐ. ܠܗܠܝܢ ܟܕ ܡܬܕܡܐ ‎«ces‏ ܡܢ ‎μον JS‏
ܡܡܠܠ ܗܘܐ. ܘܣܗܕ̈ܘܬܐ ܕܦܘ̈ܐܛܐ ܡܝܬ | ܠܡܕܥܬܐ. ܘܡܢ ܓܙܘܪܬܐ ܥܡ ܝܗܘ̈ܕܝܐ
ܡܡܠܠ ܗܘܐ. ܘܡܢ ‎[Lu‏ ܥܡ ܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܢܡܝܘܣܐܝܬ ܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ . ܠܥ ܘܪܝܐ
ܕܡܠܦܢܘܬܐ ‎Joa DAMM‏ ܡܛܠ ܓܝܪ ‎Kad‏ ܐ :ܫ ܘܺܝ ܕܡܥܝܢ!' ‎L3 às‏
ܠܗ: ܘܐܠܗܐ ܘܐܦ ‎μι‏ ܗܠܝܢ ‎onse‏ ܐܫܬܬܕܪܘ: ܠܦܘܪܩܥ ܐ ܕܬܒܝܠ,. ܗܟ ܢܐ
ܡܬܚܫܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܒܣܘܒܪ̈ܢܐ. ܠܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܬܣܒܪ ܕܠܐ ‎Les‏ »2 ܕܒܝܕ ܟܘܟܒܐ ‎Jo‏
‏ܐܢܘܢ. ܡܛܠ ‎«ἐν‏ ܗܟܢܐ ܗܝ .܂. ܘܠܟܠܗܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܗ̈ܘܕܝܐ ܥܕܠ ܐܢܬ . ܘܠܕܒܚܝ̈ܗܘܢ
ܘܠܕܘܟܝ̈ܝܗܘܢ. ‎Lie auo‏ ܘܠܩܒܘܬܐ܂ ‎oo‏ ܕܝܢ ܠܗܝܟܠܐ. ܐܦ ܓܝܪ ܗܠܝܢ ܡ

ܐ ܙ ܠܒܫܘܬܐ ܚܢܦܝܬܐ ‎Kas‏ ܫܘܪܝܐ. ܐܠܐ ܒܪܡ ܐܠܗܐ ܡܛܠ ܦܘܪܩܢܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ ° ܕܛܥܘ
]13651 ܕܒܝܕ ܕܝܠܗܝܢ ‎mans‏ + ܒܝܚܕ ܗܠܝܢ ‎E‏ ) ܕܡܢ ܠܒܪ ‎eel Naso‏
0001« ܟܕ ܩܠܝܠ ‎ην] μα. «où us‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܒܩܠܝܠ ‎So‏ ܡܢ ܥܝܕܐ

1. ‏ܐ‎ fin. erased. — 2. À word erased, app. longer thau 3.

neglected. But on this acconnt God, having set all these methods aside,
calls them by means of things to which they are aceustomed, condescendiug
greatly, and showing them a great and peculiar star, in order by means of
the size and the beauty of the appearance to make them astonished, and by
the method of movement. linitating these things, Paul spoke to the heathen
from the starting-point of au altar, and cites testimonies from the poets, and
he spoke with the Jews from the starting-point of circumcision, and with
those who lived according to the law he took the beginning of teaching frein
sacrMices. For, since each man loves that to wlüch he is accustomed, both
God and also tlie men who were sent by lin for the salvation of the world
used facts in this way. Do not therefore think it an unworthy thing that
he called them by means of a star; since, if it is so, you will find fault with
all the practices of the Jews also, their sacrifices and their cleansings, and
the beginnings of the months and the ark and the temple itself. For these
things also received their origin from heathien denseness. But nevertheless
God for the sake of the salvation of those who had gone astray consented
to be worshipped by means of the very things by which the demons outside
were worshipped, changing them himself a. little, in order [that; he might
