232 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [^02]

ܪܫܐ ܕܡܘܐܒܝܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܐܡܪܢܢ': ‎EET‏
‏ܕܠܡܐ ܐܦ ‎où‏ ܥܕܒܕܐ ܕܚܪܒܐ ܐܝܣܪܠܝܬܐ ܢܗܘܐ: ‎soso‏ ܠܘܬ ‎JL.—.‏ ܕܐܠܗ̈ܐ
‎:fsos NE‏ ܘܐܣܒܪ ‎T‏ ܠ ܘܛܬܗ ܕܩܕܘܡܐ ܡܢ ‎ARS‏ ܡܝܓܝܗܐ ܗܘܐ:
ܚܟܡܬܐ ܗ̇ܝ ܕܡܥܠܝܐ ܡܢ ܟܠ ܗܘܢܐ.. ܒܐܝܕܗ ܕܝܠܗ ‎où Jseo ο)‏ ܕܐܦ ‎ol}‏
‏ܥܠܘܗܝ܆. ‎Jobs‏ ܠܒܪܒܪܝܐ:. ܕܠܝܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܐܚܪܢܐ ܠܒܪ ‎ous‏ ܘܕܡܢܗܘܢ ‎jj;‏
‏ܘܕܩܕܘ̈ܡܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܥܫܡܫܝܢ ܠܗܘܢ܇. ܕܒܠܚܘܕܘܗܝ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܐܠܗܐ ܫܪܝܪܐ
ܡܣܬܗܕ. ܥܝܕܐ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܬ ܠܗ ܕܠܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܛܥܝܢ.. ܕܡܢܗܝܢ ܕܐܘܪ̈ܚܬܐ ܕܛܥܝܘܬܐ
ܢܦܢܐ ܠܘܬ ‎Jia‏ ܘܠܝܗܙܐ ܠܘ ܟܕ ‎NN‏ ܠܗ ‎ial‏ ܐܠܐ ܟܕ ܡܢܗ ܕܟܬܒܐ
ܝܠܦܝܢܢ. ܪܚܡ ܓܝܪ ܒܟܬܒܐܼ ° ܩܕܡܝܐ ‎ο ον πυρ ον νο‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܐܫܩܠܘܢ
ܘܒܓܙܐ ܘܒܡܕ̈ܝܢܬܐ ܕܒܫܒܒܘܬܗܘܢ ܥܡܪܝܢ: ܟܕ ܥܠ ܐܝܣܪ̈ܐܠܝܐ ܐܙܕܝܢܘ ܘܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ
ܒܬܟܬܘܟܐ ܙܟܘ ‎τω‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܥܡ ܒܝܙܬܐ ܐܚܪܬܐ ܢܣܒܘ ܐܦ ܠܩܒܘܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ:
ܘܣܡܘܗ̇ ܒܝܬܐ ܡܕ̈ܒܚܝܐ ܘܒܢܘ̈ܣܐ ܕܦܬܟܕ̈ܐ: ܟܕ ܟܠ ܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܕܡܝܘܒܠܝܢ ܗܘܘ
ܠܗ »60 ܒܠܥܐ ܗܘܬ ‎[35"[as‏ ܕܒܬܛܚܘܪ̈ܐ: ܕܠܝܬ ܠܗܘܢ ܐܣܚܘܬܐ: ܘܟܕ ܐܪܥܐ

1. Ms, ‏ܘܘ݂ܐܳܡܙܺܝܢ‎ — 2, Ms. ‏ܐܬܗ‎

afterwards, when the same Balak, prince of the Moabites, as we have said,
perceived the feebleness of his own power, and feared lest he also should
become the prey of the Israclite sword, and had recourse to the power of
the falsely-named σος, and thought that by means of the soothsayer's curse
he was escaping [rom his troubles, the wisdom that is higher than all under-
standing instructed the barbarian by tlie instrumentality of the very soothsayer
himself in whom he trusted that there is no other god beside him, and that
by the very demons and the very soothsayers who serve them witness is
borne that he alone is true God. For it 15 his habit to convert those who
are in error to the truth by the very paths of the error. Απ this we do
not say out of our imagination, but because we learn it lrom Seripture itself.
It is recorded in the first book of Kingdoms that the Philistines who dwelt
in Ascalon and Gaza and the neighbouring cities took arms against Israel
and won a great victory over them in combat, insomuch that together with
the rest of tlie spoil they took the ark of God also and placed it in the sanc-
tuaries and shrines of the idols, and every city to whieh they carried it was
smitten with the disease of emerods for which there was no eure, and the
land produced a multitude of mice, and they [deliberated]' and took counsel

1, This is {he sense required,
