‎CI. — TO CAESATIA. 251‏ 1¡ .
ܠܗܿ. ܘܠܗܕܐ ܟܠܗ ܡܪܢ ‎je»‏ ܚܘܡܐ ‎où‏ ܕܒܬܪܟܝܢ ‎JS ο S LOS uas‏
ܕܐܪܥܐ ܠܕܒܕ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܫܒܬܐ ܗܘܬ: ܘܒܡܬܛܒܥܐ ‎fasass‏ ܐܫܬܡܠܝܬܐ.. ‎ops‏ ܡܟܝܠ
ܠܠܝܐ ܕܚܕܒܫܒܐ. ܠܠܝܐ ܕܝܢ ܬܘܒ ܘܝܘܡܐ ‎où‏ ܕܒܬܪܗ. ‎οι) olas]‏ ܕܥܝܕܐ
° ܕܟܬܒܐ ܒܢܩܝܦܘܬܐ ܢܬܚܫܒ. ܘܢܫܬܟܚ ‎ao ss QR‏ ܐܚ ܡܝܡ ܕܬܠܝܬܐ
‎D‏ ܕܩܡ ܡܢ ܒܝܬ ܡ̈ܝܬܐ. ܐܦ ܓܝܪ ‎où‏ ܕܫܘܪܝܗ ܕܠܝܠܝ ܐܚܡܡ ‎px‏
‏ܒܠܒܘܿ ܕܐܪܥܐ܂. ‎où o»,‏ ܠܝܠܝ ܐܚܡܡ ‎eA‏ ܬܡܝܢ ܢܬܚܫܒ. ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ
ܕܝܝܢ ܐܡܪܝܢ..ْ ܕܥܪܘܒܬܐ ܡܝܢ ܡܢ ܡܢܬܐ ‎loài‏ ܐܚܪܝܬ| ?° ܕܠܝܠܝܫ ‎DAMM yl‏
ܒܬܚܝ̈ܬܝܬܐ ܕܐܪܥܐ ‎base Las‏ ܕܝܢ ܡܢ ܡܢܬܐ ܩܕܡܝܬܐ. ܠܫܒܬܐ ܕܝܢ
ܟܠܗ ܒܟܠܗ̇ ܒܥ ܣܪܝܢ ‎pow Si lo‏ 5-]5 ܡܫܡܠܐ ܠ ܘܡܐ ܕܥ .ܐܕܐ
ܕܝܗ̈ܘܕܝܐ. ܕܐܦ ܒܗܕܐ ܢܓܡܘܪ ܠܐܟܫܚܘܬܐ ‎ο‏ ܗܳܝ ܕܒܝܕ ܢܟܝܐ ܥ ‎sol} eoe‏
ܘܠܝ ܗ̈ܘܕܝܐ ‎Lo‏ ܘܐܡܪܐ܆. ܕܐܗܦܘܟ ܥܕ ܥܕܝܟܘܢ ‎.JESJI‏ ܘܟܝܠܗܝܢ ܬܫܝ̈ܒܚܬܟܘܢ
ܠ ܡܪܩܘܕܬܐ. ܐܡܪܝܢ ‎car‏ ܗܶܢܘܢ ‎so‏ ܘܟܐ ‎MONA‏ ܝܝ̈ܥܝܢ ‎Jo où‏ ܕܠܠܝܐ
ܡܬܚܫܒ. ‎Jie‏ ܒܩܛܝܪܐ ܕܒܝܪܐ. ܗܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܠܘ ܠܠܝܐ .. ‎JT‏ ܚܫܐ ܕܐܝܡܡܐ

‎1. Ms. ‏ܗܝ‎ — 2, Ms. wilh pointe following.

‎night, the day which the Jews lionour by a cessation; and the whole of this
together with the following day which is joined to it our Lord spent in tlie
lower parts of the earth. But, when the sabbaih had gone by, and had
been eompleted by the setting of the sun, then began the night of the [Ὁ
day of the week; and the night again and the day following it are to he
reckoned in order according to that same eustom of Scripture, and our Lord
will be found to have risen from the place of the dead on the 37 day-and-night,
that of the 1 day of the weck; for in fact one who passed the beginning ol
a day-and-night iu the heart of the carth is to be reckoned as having spent
the whole of that day-and-night there. For this reason they say that Christ
spent the preparation in the lower parts of the earth as regards the last
portion of the day-and-night, and the P! day of the week as regards the first
portion, and the sabbath entirely through all the 24 hours, keeping the ἂν
of tlic Jews' feast in mourning, that thereby also he might fulfil tlie prophecy
spoken through the prophet Amos, which threatens the Jews and savs,
» 1 will turn your feasts into mourning, and all your songs into wailing »'.
But those men say also that the three hours’ darkuess which took place is
reckoned to be a night, and this is forced; for this darkness is not a night,

‎1. Anios, virt, 10.
