118 r° a,

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [430]‏ 266
ܚܟܡܬܟ ‎eiui isse 0] NS Aso‏ !| ܕܝܢ ܕܐܬܕܩܪ ܡܪܢ ‎was,‏ ܡܫܝܚܐ ‎«οἷν‏
‏ܒܠܘܟܝܬܐ ܡܢ ‎où‏ ܐܤܣܛܪܛܝܘܛܐ ܒܕܦܢܗ: ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܕܐܫܠܡ ܪܘܚܗ: 4-290
‎enu‏ ܬܗܝܪܐܝܬ ܕܡܐ ‎Loi . [iso‏ ܝܘܚܢܝܢ ܐܘܢܔܓܥܣܬܛܐ ‎bel ale «3l‏
ܥܠ ܗܕܐ ܠܐ ܐܟܬܒ. ܐ݈ܢܢ̈ܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܒܐܘܢܓܠܝܘܢ ܕܡܬܝ ܓܠܝܐܝܬ ‎ana‏ ܘܣܡܘܗܣْ
‎cor‏ ܗܕܐ܂. ܟܕ ܕܠܩܘܒܠܐ ܐܝܬܝܪܘܿ. ܕܢܚܘܘܢ ܕܟܕ ܚܝܚ ܠܡ ܕܩܕܪ ܐܣܛܪܛܚܘܛܐ ܕܦܢܗ
‎.Lusoo:s‏ ܘܡܢ ܒܬܪܟܢ ‎dsl‏ ܪܘܚܗ. ܘܐܬܒܕܥܝܬ ܗܕܐ ܒܫܩܠܛܥܢܐ ‎(ο‏ ܟܕ
ܙܥܘܪܝܬܐܝ ܒܡܕܝܢܬ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܐܝܬܝ ‎Ron‏ - ܒܙܒܢܐ ܟܕ ܡܬܒܥܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܥܠ
ܡܩܕܘܢܝܣ: ܕܗܘܼܐ܂ ‎a‏ ܐܦܣܩܬ̈ܘܐ̇ ܕܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܗܿܝ: ܘܐܬܐ ‎Sol Rp‏
ܕܡܬܝ: ‎où‏ ܕܪܘܪܒܐܝܬ ܟܬܝܒ ‎:joot‏ ܘܒܐܝܩܪܐ ܪܒܐ ܒܡܕܝܪ̈ܝ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܤܚܡ
ܗܘܐ: ‎sos oà‏ ܐܡܪ ܗܘܐ ܕܒܝܘ̈ܡܬܐ ܕܡܠܟܘܬܗ ܕܙܝܢܘܢ ‎Jais‏ ° ܠܕܘܟܪܢܐ ‎JI‏
‏ܕܒܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܕܩܘܦܪܘܣ ܓܙ ܪܬܐ ‎wa fox oM‏ ܥܡ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܒܪܢܒܐ܆. ‎où‏
‏ܕܥܡ ܦܘܠܘܣ ‎rh‏ ܗܘܐ܆. ܘܟܪܘܙܘܬܐ ܐܠܗܝܬܐ ܡܟܪܙ ܗܘܐ. ܘܟܕ ܗܼܘ ܐܘܢܓܠܝܘܢ
‎«σοι‏ ܐܬܦܬܚ.. ܐܫܬܟܚ ° ܕܡܚܪܪ ܗܘ ܡܢ ܥܫܘܩܝܐ ܕܗܕܐ ܬܘܣܦܬܐ:. ܕܬܫܥܝܬܐ

‎1. Ms. wo, This passage lo 0550 (p.537, I. 1) is published in Assem., Bibl. Or, Il, 81. — 2. Ms
sing. — 3. Ms. «bel.

‎(And after other. things.)

‎But that our Lord Jesus Christ our God was pierced in the side with
a lance by that soldier! after he gave up the ghost, and blood and water
came forth from it iu à miraculous manner, the divine John the Evangelist
recorded, aud no one else wrote about this. But certain persons have
eleafly lalsified the Gospel of Matthew and inserted this same passage,
when tlie contrary is the fact, in order to show that it was while lie was alive
that the soldier' pierced his side with the spear, and afterwards he gave np
the ghost?. This question was examined with great carefulness wlien my
meanness was in the royal city, at the time when the affair of Macedonius
was being examined, who became archbishop of that citv, and there was
produced the Gospel of Matthew, which was written in large letters, and
was preserved with great honour in the roval palace, which was said to
have been found in the days of Zeno of lionourable memory in a city ol
the island of Cyprus buried with the holy Barnabas, who went about with
Paul and spread the divine preaching; and, when the Gospel of Matthew was
opened, it was found to be free from the falsification contained in this addition,

‎1. στφατιώτης. — 2. Matth., xxvi, 49. See Tischendorf ad loc., where this passage of Sev. is cited
from Assemani (see note on text).
