‎C. — TO CAESARIA. 239‏ ]409[
ܗܟܝܠ ܕܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ ܩܕܘܡܡܐ ܐܡܪܘ: ܐܬܛܦܝܣܘ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܡܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܗܠܝܢ ‎viré‏
‏ܗܘܗ: ܘܥܒܕܘ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܦܩܕܘܢ. ܘܐܠܗܐ ܠܚܘܫܒܐ ܕܩܕܘ̈ܡܐ ܢܩܝܼܦ. ܟܕ ܡܬܢܚܬ ܬܘܒ.
ܘܠܐ ‎Josie]‏ ܠܗ ܕܕܠܐ ‎so RC] Las‏ ܕܠܗ݀ܝ ܕܩܕܡܬ ܐܬܐܡܪܬ ° ܡܢ ܩܕܘ̈ܡܐ
ܠ̈ܥܒܕܐ ‎δν‏ ܘܕܢܥܒܕ ܕܢܤܣܬܒܪܘܢ ‎ook] lis‏ ܒܗܠܝܢ ‎ETE‏
‏ܡܠܠܘ. ܐܦ ܓܝܪ ‎o Nl L55‏ ܗܘܬ ܗܳܝ ܕܡܬܬܪܨܐ. ‎δι‏ ܕܗ ܢܘܢ ‎Lo‏ ܕܠܩܘܒܬܐ
ܢܤܗܕܘܢ ܥܠ ܚܝܠܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ:. ܘܠܦܣܩܐ ܕܡܛܠܬܗ ܗܢܘܢ ‎Lens‏ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ
ܢܦܩܘܢ. ܘܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ ܕܝܢ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܬܐ ‎yh‏ ܗܠܝܢ ‎Jp‏ ܐܢܫ ܕܡܕܒܪ ‎Jai‏ ܘܒܡ ܐܡܪܐ
ܕܝܢ ܕܥܣܪ̈ܝܢ ܘܐܪ̈ܒܥܐ ܕܝܠܗ̇ ܕܡܟܬܒܢܘܬܐ. ܟܕ ܡܦܫܩ ܠܦܬܓܡܐ ‎οὐ‏ ܕܚܥܢ ܡܢ

‏ܠܥܠ ܥܒܕܢ ܥܘܗܕܢܗ: ‎MER e$ où‏ ܢܐܡܪܘܢ ܠܝ ‎oùs‏ ܝܘܡܐ: ܡܪܢ

‏ܡܪܢ ܠܘ ‎pass‏ ܐܬܢܒܝܢܢ: ܘܒܫܡܟ ܝܐܐ ܐܦܩܢ: ܘܒܫܡܟ ܚܝ̈ܠܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ܠܒܝܕܢ.
ܘܗܝܕܝܢ ܢܢܬܘܕܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܕܠܐ ܡܡܬܘܡ ‎aci] κο‏ ܠܟܘܢ ‎Lo to‏
ܗܠܝܢ ‎Jo EET‏ ܡܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܗܝܡܢܘ ܫܩܠܘ ܡܘܗܒ̈ܬܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ

‎1. Ms. sing.

‎in the way, it is very plain (hat it is God's hand that has touched these
cities”. Since therefore, after the sootlisayers had said these things, those
who dwelt in these cities obeyed, and did as they commanded, God also
followed the counsel of the sootlisayers, again condescending, and it did not
seem to him to be a thing unworthy of him to carry into 0100 the thing
stated belorehand by the soothsayers, and make them appear to be truthlul
men in what they spoke at that time. For indeed the success vblained was
a great thing, that the adversaries themselves should bear witness lo the
power of God, and their own teachers themselves shonld pronounce a decision
concerning him. And many other such things one may see that God per-
forms by dispensation »'. And in the 24" homily of the same work, where
he is expounding tlie passage which we ourselves mentioned above, which
says, « Many shall say to me on that day, ‘Our Lord, our Lord, did we not
in thy name prophesy, and in thy name cast out demons, and in thy name
do many mighty works?' And (heu he will profess unto them, * 1 never
knew you. Depart ve from me, ve who work iniquity ' », he gave the same
teaching in the following form : | « Who therefore are these? » (he says).

‎l. In Matth. (toni, vi, 3 (ed, Par ® VH, 105).

‎2 or b.
