6 15. ph,

236 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [400]

‎Joc‏ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ. ܐܠܐ ܘܡܓܕ̈ܦܢܐ ‎ve pie‏ ܥܡ ‎Jo‏ - ܘܒܢܫ̈ܒܐ ‎[sois‏ ܩܘܝܘ.
ܘܐܦܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܠܘܬ ‎λα...‏ ܕܫܪܪܐ:. ‎Ko‏ ܡܬܦܢܚܢܘܬܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܕܛܠܝܝܢ܆. ܒܒܪܬ
ܩܠܐ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ ܐܬܚܢܝܝ܀

‏ܘܒܬܐ ܐ̱ܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ܀

‏ܕܣܦܩܢ ‎m‏ ܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ ܘܗܠܝܢ ° ܕܐܬܬܤܣܚܡ ܡܢܢ ܡܢ ܣܗܕܘ̈ܬܐ ‎ΗΝ)‏
‏ܐܠܗ̈ܝܐ. ܡܚܘܐ ܐܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܒܝܕ ܙܥܘܖ̈ܝܬܐ ‎xen ss Jess Lens ol;‏
ܢܬܪܥܐ ܘܢܐܡܪ ܐܠܦܘ ‎wc»‏ ܝܘܚܢܢ ܓܝܪ ‎où‏ ܚܟܝܡ ܛܒ ܕܗܘܐ ‎ao me]‏
ܕܩܘܣܬܛܢܛܝܢܦܘܠܝܣ: ܒܡܐܡܪܐ ܕܫܬܐ ‎Lasas,‏ ܕܐܘܢܓܠܚܘܢ ܕܡܬܝ: ܟܕ ܡܛܠ
‎Ja So‏ ܡܡܠܠ ‎Jon‏ + ܗܿܢܘܢ ‎rA)‏ ܚܙܬܗ ܕܟܘܟܒܐ ‎a]‏ ܠܘܐ ܗܺܝ ܕܢܙܥܘܢ
ܠܡܪܢ ܘܐܠܗܢ ܝܫܘܥ: ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܒܥܙܪܘܪ̈ܐ ܘܡܢ ܬܕܐ ‎Fos s [3X ose],‏
ܡܬܬܪܣܐ ܗܘܐ .. ܗܠܝܝܢ ܡܡܠܦ. ‎Neo‏ ܐܝܕܐ ܠܡ ܒܝܕ ܚܙܬܐ ‎yh‏ ܗܕܐ ܢܓܕ
ܐܢܘܢ. ܐܠܐ ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎ENS‏ ܗܘܐ. ܕܢܒ̈ܝܐ ‎JJ] + pas‏ ܠܐ ܡܬܪܡܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎SEEN Ja So‏
ܐܠܐ ܕܒܪܬ ܩܠܐ ܡܢ ܠܥܠ ‎ass‏ ܐܠܐ܂ ܠܐ ܚܝܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܒܗܕܐ. ܐܠܐ ܕܡܠܐܟܐ ‎Apta.‏

‎l. Ms. ‏.ܡܢ‎

‎Caïaplias nor Balaam are’ religious men, but actually blasphemers aud cou-
tenders against God, and remained in the snares of impicty, although God,
In order to show the truth, aud in order to convert those wlio were in error,
made use of theiv words,

‎(And after other things.) The citations. which we liave made from the
testimonics of the divine Scriptures are in themselves sufficient; but I will
show by means of a few instances that the genuine doctors of (he church
also have taught us to think and say these things. The very wise Jolin
who became bishop ol Constantinople in the 6" homily of the commentary
on the Gospel of Matthew, when lie was speaking about the Magi who by
sceing the star were led to know our Lord and God Jesus, who was in swal-
dling-clotlies and was being uurtured ou milk from his mother's breast 1
the flesh, teaches as follows : « And wlierefore did he attract them by such
a sight? But how should he have done so? Should he have sent prophets?
but the Magi would not have submitted to the prophets. But should 0
have emitted a voice from on high? but they would not have regarded this.
ut should he have sent an angel? hut him also they would accordingly have

‎1. Sie Syr.
