$ v^ a.

5 v? b.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [40^]‏ 234
‎«Nl‏ 250 ܘܠܩܒܘܬܐ ܥܡ ܩܘܪ̈ܒܢܐ ‎μου.‏ ܐܘܒܠ. ܟܕ ᾿ ܠܝܘ ܗ̈ܢܝܢ ‎JS‏
‏ܕܩܕܘ̈ܡܐ̇. ܗܠܝܢ | ‎SM) uns‏ + ܐܠܐ ܗܼܘ ܐܠܗܐ ܐܝܟ ܡܠܐ ‎NIE‏ ܠܝܒܕܟܕ.
ܘܠܦܠܬ̈ܬܝܐ ‎at‏ ܕܛܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܒܝܕ ‎Jaco ο‏ ܕܡܥܝܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܒܗܿ: ܘܪܚ ܝܡܐ
ܠܗܘܢ.: ܡܫܒܠ ܗܘܐ ܠܘܬ ܝܕܥܬܐ ܕܫܪܪܐ. ܗܟܢܐ ܘܐܦ ܢ ܘܟܕܢܐܪ܀ ܒܝܕ ܚܚܙܘܐ
ܒܒ̈ܠܝܐ ‎obus Jas lans‏ ܕܡܛܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܚܠܡܐ ܐܬܚܙܝ܆. ܕܡܢܐ
ܗܘ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܥܥܝܙ̈ܝܐ. ܘܠܘ ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ‎Pp où‏ ܥܡ ܕܚ̈ܠܝ ‎ο)‏
‎yeso]‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎οἱ;‏ ܠܐ ܩܨܘ̈ܡܐ ܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܠ ܦܠܫ̈ܬܝܐ ܡܠܟܘ ܠܚܘܫܒܐ ‎où‏
‎can a0 el:‏ ܗܘܘ ܓܚܪ ‎NI‏ ܗܼܘ ‎x‏ ܗܘܘ ‎So‏ ܗܼܢܘܢ: ܕܒܝܕ ܐܬܘܬܐ ‎y‏
‎Rad Or‏ ܢܫܬܘܕܥܘܢ ܠܐܠܝܗܐ.. ܘܠܐ ܢܩܘܘܢ ܒܬܛܠܫܘܬܐ. ܘܠܐ ܓܝܪ ‎SK‏ ܡܕܡ
‎y «9 [ul‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܐܠܗܐ: ܟܕ ‎νο‏ ܢܝܢܬ ܒܚܙܒܬܢܚܐ ܠܘܬ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܠܐ
‎Lao‏ ܐܠܐ ‎WO‏ ܐܢܫ ܢܫܬܘܙܒ. ܡܛܠ ܕܐܦ ‎Lors‏ ܕܟܠ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ.
ܠܘ ܓܝܪ ܡܝܢ ܟܠ ܦܪܘܣ 3 ܗ̈ܢܝܢ ‎ἃ...‏ ܘܡܥܒܕ̈ܢܘܬܐ ‎lol‏ ܒܝܚܕ ‎LA‏
‎μμ κ)‏ ܕܝܢ ‎Kai καθὸ‏ ܕܠܐ ‎Las‏ ܠܘܬ ‎ASH bile.‏

‎1. Ms. ‏ܠܒܐ‎ — 2. 2 erased. — 3. Ms. withi stop following.

‎accord to the laud of Judah and brought the ark with the propitiatory olfer-
ings, though it was not those words of the sootlisayers that were able to do
these things, but God himself acted according to their words, and by means of
the soothsaying to which they were aecustomed and which they loved led the
Philistines who were in error to the knowledge of the truth. So too Nebu-
chadnezzar also had futare things revealed to him heforehand by an ordinary
vision seen in dreams, in order that by Daniel's wise interpretation concer-
ning the things seen in the dream the Babylouians might know what the
God of the Hebrews was; and Nebuchadnezzar must uot on this account be
placed among religions men, as noither must the soothsayers who advised
the Philistines to adopt. the above-mentioned plan; for even thoy themselves
also could if they wished on the strength of such sigus have recognised God
and not remained in error. For neither did God bring such thinws about
for any other purpose, condescending as he did at times to men who were
not in the perfect state, except that every man might be saved, because he
is indeed the Creator of all. The prophesyings aud workings of miracles are
not under all oireumstances performed by men who are worthy, but perhaps
bv men who are unwortliy also for their own profit, because they are bar-
