252 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. 1422].

ܐܝܬܘܗܝ. ܘܕܢܬܪܥܘܢ ܡܕܡ ܕܐܝܟ ܗܢܐ .. ܘܡܢ ܢܒܚܝܘܬܐ ܕܙܟܪܝܐ ܐܡܪܝܢ ܕܡܬܟܠܝܝܢ.
ܕܡܬܢܒܐ ܡܛܠ ܝܘܡܐ ܗܽܘ! ܗܟܢܐ. ‎oùs‏ ܝܘܡܐ ܠܐ ܢܗܘܐ ܢܘܗܪܐ. ܘܩܘܪܫܐ ܘܓܠܝܕܐ
ܢܗܘܐ ܚܕ ܝܘܡܐ. ܘܚܘܡܐ ‎où‏ ܙ ܗܘܐ ‎Lisa ET‏ ܘܠܐ ‎Lx ο ο‏ ܘܠܘܬ
ܪܡܫܐ ܙ ܗܘܐ ܢܘܗܪܐ. ܗܐ ܓܝܪ ܢܒܚܐ ‎RES‏ ܒܗܘ ܝܘܡܐ ܐܡܪ ܠܐ ܢܗܘܐ ܢܘܗܪܐ.
ܘܟܕ ܡܩܕܡ ‎RES jonas M Junso‏ ܟܠܐ ܗܘܐ ‎y [iM‏ ܗܢܐ:. ܘܠܢܘܗܪܐ ‎où‏
‏ܕܒܬܪܟܝܢ ‎sola,‏ ܕܠܠܫܐ ܘܐܝܡܠܡܐ ‎aan‏ ܒܕܐܡܪ ܕܠܐ ‎fase)‏ ܘܠܐ ܠܠܝܚܐ.
ܘܗܕܐ ܐܡܪ ܓܠܝܐܝܬ.. ܕܠܐ ܐܢܫ ܠܗܢܐ ܐܝܡܡܐ ܘܠܠܝܐ ܙܢܚܫܘܒ. ‎σόϊ‏ ܕܝܢ ‎TRO‏
‏ܕܩܘܪܫܐ ܘܓܠܝܕܐ ܢܗܘܐ ܚܕ ܝܘܡܐ.. ܕܢܣܬܟܠܝܪܘ 4 ܡܶܝܢ ܠܘ ܠܒܪ ܡܢ ‎DINAN‏
‏ܐܝܬܝܗܿ. ܕܐܦ ‎EN Ris ko 153a o‏ ܒܗܽܘ ܚܘܡܐ ܗܼܘܐ. ܘܡܬܝܕܥܢܐܝܬܐ ‎Re‏
‏ܕܡܛܠ ܕܡܢ ܝܗ̈ܘܕܝܐ ܩܪܬ ܒܙܒܢܐ ܡܕܡ ܪܬܝܚܘܬܐ ܢܘܪܢܝܬܐ (ܒܛܠܬ ܡܢܗܘܢ)'
ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܕܪܘܚܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ. ܘܐܼܦ ܗܕܐ ܕܝܢ ܙܕ݀ܩ ‎wert‏ ܕܡܪܢ ܒܐܘ̈ܢܓܠܝܐ: ܒܙܒܢ ‎«οὐ‏ ( ܐܡܪ )°
ܕܒܚܘܡܐ ܕܬܠܬܐ ‎vy‏ ܠܗ ܕܢܩܘܡ. ܒܙܒܢ ܕܝܢ ܕܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܬܠܬܐ ܝܘܡ̈ܝܢ ‎.Jebe‏
‏ܟܕ ܡܫܘܕܥܐ ‎La‏ ܡܠܬܐ . 9« ܦܘܪܝܐ ܕܝܘܡܐ ܕܬܠܬܐ ܘܠܗ ܝܘܡܐ ‎ὅλο‏

1. Ms. oc, previously writlen before lea, Another erasure after Ἠδοι. — 2. Ms. srl (510). —
3. Ms. ‏ܒܗܘ‎ (ο above line). — 4. Ms. ‏ܕܢܣܬܟܦܠܝܗ‎ — 5, Ms. (So. — 6, Ms. om.

but an afllietion of day; and they say that they are prevented from holding
anything of the kind by the prophecy of Zechariah also, who prophesies
about that day as follows : « On that day there shall be no light, and cold
and frost shall be one day, and that day shall be known to the Lord, neither
day nor night, and towards evening there shall he light »'. See! the
prophet plainly says, « On that day there shall be no light », and, having
lirst. plainlv named the darkness, he prevented such an aflliction and the
light which rose afterwards from being reckoned a night and a day by
saying « neither dav nor night ος and this he says plainly, in order thal
no oue may reckon this a day and a night. As to tlie statement, « Cold and
frost shall be oue day », it is uot unreasonable lor us to understand it to
mean that there was actually sensible cold and frost on that day; and supra-
sensuallv that, because at a certain time fiery fervour had grown cold among
the Jews, the grace of the lloly Spirit Γοραδοί to work among them *. This
also besides we should know, that our Lord in the gospels sometimes said?
that he was destined 10 rise ou the 3" day, and sometimes that he would
rise after three days, the expression signilving that even the beginning of
the 3° day is reckoned a whole day.

τ. Zech., XIV, 6, 7. — 2. Ms. oin.
