(425, CIV. — TO CAESARIA. 255

ܐܝܬ ‎co‏ ܐܡܪ ܡܫܝܚܐ ‎Jh‏ ܢܥܬܒܬܩܝܢ. ܗܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܓܘܕܦܐ ܕܒܒܝܪܗ ‎La]:‏
‏ܘܠܧܬܐ ܒ ,ܩ: ܘܡܝܢ ܓܘܕܦܐ ‎Los Ww» où‏ ܩܕܝܫܐ ‎αυ)‏ ܐܝܬܬܘܗܝ܂. ܥܕܡܐ ܠܙܒܢܐ
‎foros‏ ܢܣܬ݀ܟܠ. ܡܛܠ ܕܥܕܡܐ ‎oùù‏ )5... ܡܚܦܝ ‎Jon‏ ܘܠܦܝܝܝܐ.. ‎was‏
‎ὃ‏ | ܘܣܘܠܪ̈ܢܐ ܡܕܒܪ̈ܢܚܫܐ ܪܒܘܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܘܬܗ. ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܕܝܢ ‎JJ. Noo ES,‏
ܡܟܝܠ. ܡܛܠ ܕܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ ܚܕܐ ܒܢ ‎Φ ο ον‏

‎Vs‏ ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ܡܪܝ ܣܐܘܪܐ ܡܢ ܐܓܪܬܐ ܕܠܘܬ ܩܣܪܝܐ܀

‎(1224 v* a).
‏ܡܪܐ ܢܝܐ ܐܫܬܘܐܦ .1 ܡܢ‎ où ‏ܕܐܦ ܒܦܓܪܐ ܩܕܝܬܐ ܘܒܟܣܐ‎ «Mal ‏ܠܘܩܐ ܕܝܝܢ‎
‏ܘܐ ܘܥܡ‎ ἢ ‏ܟܠܩ ܪܨܐ ܥܠܘܗܝ܂. ܐܝܟ ܡܿܢ ܕܟܕ‎ τα ‏ܐܝܟܐ ܕܐܦ‎

‏ܠܟܐ ‎oue] μοι PIE‏ ܗܘܐ܆. ‎[29g]: où Lamwioks slokass‏ ܘܪܘܚ ܢ ̈ܐ . ܗܕܐ

‎1. Ms. ins. ‏ܗܘܢ‎

‎themselves the quality of God-befittingness' and have no room for defence
Christ said should not be forgiven?. But this blasphemy against the Son
of man shall be forgiven, and it is smaller than the blasphemy against
the Holy Spirit, down to the time of the Cross, we must understand,
because dowu 10 that time Christ obseured the greatness of his Godhead
by means of the words and actions of the dispensation; but after the
Cross and the hesurrection? he did so no longer: since the dispensation
had once for all received an end’.

‎CIV. — Or mue ΠΟΙ Mar SEVERUS FROM THE LETTER TO CALSARIA. 519-38,

‎But Luke related that he even communicated in tlie holy body and in
our Lord's eup?, whence also the devil gained. complete mastery over him,
inasmuch as he lad presumed to communieate in tho mysterious spiritual
food when lie was unworthy aud. had a heart such as his. - This we say, not

‎1. This is clearly wrong: but Lhe Greek is the sanie.

‎The words should perh. follow the. 15 pa-
renthesis. — 2. Gr

‎. Ins. μήτε ἐν τῷ νῦν αἰῶνι μήτε ἐν τῷ μέλλοντι, — 3, Gr. ins. ἐν νεχρῶν, — ^. Gr. adds
καθὰ φησὶν ὁ ἀποστ., εἰ δὲ v. ἐγνώκαμεν κατὰ σάρχα N., ἀλλὰ νῦν οὐκέτι γινώσκομεν" κ. ὁ εἰς αὐτὸν βλασφημῶν
ὥσπερ εἰς τὸ 119. παροινῶν ὡς ἀσύγγνωστα ἁμαρτάνων ἄγεσιν οὐδεμίαν ἔχει τοῦ ἁμαρτήματος. ταῦτα δὲ φαμὲν εἴ
γὲ τις τῇ βλατφημίᾳ μέχρι τοῦ τέλους τῆς οἰκείας ζωῆς ἐναπέμεινε x. οὕτως μετέστη τοῦ βίου. εἰ γὰρ ἔφθασε μετα-
μεληθῆναι τῶν τῆς ζωῆς ταύτης ἡμερῶν ἐνδαψιλευομένων αὐτῷ, πρόδηλον ὡς ἡ μετάνοια χρείττων ἐστὶν πάντος
ἁμαρτήματος ἄφεσιν δηλαδὴ τοῖς μετανοοῦσι παρέχουσα. — 5. Luke, xX11, 11-21.
