IT 59 v^ b,

E61 v° a.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [388‏ 218
‎LUN Ns,‏ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܙܪܩ ܕܢܣܤܬܟܠ ܠ9ܗܺܝ ܕܐܡܝܪܐ ‎sado DOS‏
ܐܠܗܝ̈ܬܐ܆. ܒܡܐܡܪܐ ܕܬܙ̈ܝܢ ‎Jo Han No passo‏ ܗܟܢܝܐ.
‎Ja RON‏ ܡܫܡܠܝܬܐ ܡܢ ‎ΛΑ‏ ܡܫ̈ܠܝܡܢܐ. ܠܚܘܕܝܘܬܐ ܘܢ ܐܬܬܙܝܥܬ
ܡܛܠ ܥܘܬܪܐ. ܠܬܪܝܢܘܬܐ ܕܝܢ ܥܒܪܐ ܡܛܠ ‎Hoo,‏ 9 ܘܐܕܫܐ ܕܡܢܗܘܢ ‎Jede‏
‏ܬܠܝܬܝܘܬܐ ܕܝܢ ܐܬܬܚܡܬ7 ܡܛܠ ܡܫܡܠܝܘܐܬܐ. ܩܕܡܝܬܐ ܓܝܪ ‎cor‏ ܥܒܚܪܐ
‎J.a2 22.36‏ ܬܗܘܐ ‎Ja) so‏ ܗܳܝ ܡܶܢ ܓܝܪ ܠܐ ܪܚܡܬ ܐܝܝܩܝܪܐ ‎oo‏ ܗܕܐ ܕܝܢ ܐܐ
ܡܛܟܣܘܐܐ. ܘܗ̇ܝ ܡܶܢ ܝܗܘܕܝܬܐ ܗܝ ‎Na sesso‏ ܗܕܐ ܕܝܢ ‎Jon‏ ܘܕܤܓܫܐܘܬ

‏ܢܘܗܪܐ ܕܝܠܗ ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ‎mare‏ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܟܕ ܥܠܘܗܝ
‎ra dan‏ ܕܩܕܝܡ ܐܡܝܪ܀
° ܗܕܐ ܫܟܝܪܘܬܐ ܡܬܚܙܝܐ ܙܕܩ ܕܠܘܩܕܡ« ܐܠܗ̈ܐ. ܗܕܐ ܗܘܟܝܠ ܫܟܝܪܘܬܐ: ܩܕܡܐܝܬ
ܢܪܚܡ ܡܢ ܬܪܥܝܬܢ.. ܗܺܝ ܕܠܐ ‎sos‏ ܕܩ ܕܬܬܥܩܪ ܡܢ ܣܘܟܠܐ ܕܝܠܢ.. ܗܺܝ ܕܠܐ
ܕܩܕܡܝܬܐ ‎Jc wo‏ ܒܩܢܘܡܐ ܠܚܘܕܝܐ ܢܣܒܪ ܕܩܕܡܐܝܬܐ ܡܶܝܢ ܒܩܢܘܡܐ ܕܝܠܪܘ
‎Look] os‏ ܐܒܐ ܆. ܐܝܟ ܕܡܢ ‎o σα.‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ‎«dsl‏ ܘܐܝܚܡ ܕܡܢ
ܡܕܡ« ܕܒܬܪܟܢ ܐܬܬܙܝܥ ܕܢܣܪܚ ܘܩܢܘܡܐ ‎λα.‏ ܡܕܡ ܐܬܬܙܝܥ ܕܢܦܩ ܩܢܝܘܡ ܐ
ܐܚܪܢܐ ‎où‏ ܕܒܪܐ:. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܐܘ̇ܣܦ ܐܬܡܠܟ ܐܚܪܢܐ܆. ‎ο‏ ܘܗܟܢܐ ܬܘܒ ‎eal]‏

‎1. K Bas. — 2, Ms. ls Ws. — 3. Here begins an extract from another version in F 78 v*,
which I have given separately after this fragment. — 4. E Qe: — 5. Καὶ LS. — 6. K pl. — 7. E «sa LL.
— 8. This follows the extract given on p. 391 with Πιο addition menliuned at p. 393, n. — 9. Ms. ον.

‎For there is also another further question which you ask, as to how we
should understand the statement made by Gregory the Theologiau in the 2"
peace-making homily about the Holy Trinity in the following words : « A
perfect Trinity of three perfect ones, Unity having beeu moved on account
of wealthiness, while duality was passed over on account of tlie material and
the form of which bodies consist, and a Trinity was fixed on account of
perfection, for it first passes the composition of a duality, in order that the
Godhead may not remain narrow, nor be diffused into infinitude; lor the
one is mean, and the other disorderly, and the one is utterly Jewish, and
the other heatheu and polytheistie »'. This abominable notion must therefore
first be removed from our mind, that we should not? think that the Father
first existed in his own sole livpostasis, aud was moved as if by some after-

‎1. Or. xxiii, 8. — 2. Sic all versions.
