[320] NC. ΤῸ CONSTANTINE. 139

‎(as μ 5‏ ܠܥܠܡ܆. ܡܛܠ ܕܒܣܪܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ. ‎«99Η‏ ܕܝܢ ܝܘܡܬܗܘܢ ܡܐܐ
‎xe Mao ot Ns aso x Ko‏ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܟܕ ܚܘܪܩܢܐ ‎is Lino 1ο)‏
ܝܗܝܒ܆. ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ‎vs Je‏ ܡܬܚܙܐ ‎LS bor o.‏ ܐܝܬܝ. ‎Saddle‏
‎Jul‏ ܠܟܠܗܿ ]3 ܒܟ ܝܡܫܡ ܐܐ ܡܶܢ ܓܚܪ ‎MAR‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ

‏ܒܚܘܡܐ ‎où‏ ܕܒܘ ܝܗܒ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܠܚܘܪܩܢܐ. ܘܐܡܪ ܟܬܒܐ ‎Lzxeo . μον‏ ܕܛܘܦܢܐ
‎οσοι‏ ܥܠ ܐܪܥܐ. ‎Nass‏ ܫܬܡܐܐ ‎ao AN v‏ ܕܢܘܚ. ‎wh Iw‏ ܒܥܣܪܝܢ
ܘܫܒܥܐ ܒܝܪܚܐ. ܥܠ ! ܗܕܐ ܕܝܝܢ ܐܡܪܝܢܢ 1 ܟܕ ܡܢܗ ܕܟܬܒܐ ‎Lo‏ ܠܘܬ ‎Je‏
‎ο‏ ܕܒܡܪܚܚ ܡܢܘܬܐ ‎conl] wo‏ ܬܚܘܡܐ ‎où‏ ܕܡܐܐ ܘܥܣܕ̈ܝܢ ‎Ai‏
‏ܡܛܠ ‎οὐδ‏ ܗܠܝܢ ‎Klaus)‏ ܚܝܢ ܠܘܬ ܗܝ ܕܡܝܬܪܐ. ܟܕ ܕܚܠܝܢ
ܡܢ ܓܙܡܐ. ܠܘܐ ܕܝܢ ‎[sensu]‏ ܡܫܡܠܝܐ ܕܒܝܥܘܬܐ ܐܬܘ. ܘܥܠ ܡܓܪܬ ܪܘܚܐ
ܐܠܗܝܬܐ ܒܣܪܘ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ܡܚܕܐ ܗܼܘ ܐܠܗܐ ܠܡܣܡ ܒܪܝܫܐ ‎y νο‏
‎où‏ ܕܛܥܝܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܗ ܗܝ ܕܥܬܝܕܐ ܗܘܬ ܕܬܗܘܐ. ܐܠܐ ܟܕ ܡܚܘܐ ܡܿܢ ܒܝܕ ܬܚܘܡܐ
ܐܪܝܟܐ܂. ܠܫܦܝܥܘܬܐ ܕܡܓܪܬ ‎Ou Loo‏ ܡܩܝܡ ܕܝܢ ܘܠܝܪܒܘܬܐ ‎Joss‏
‏ܕܗܿܢܘܢ. ܕܟܠܗ ܗܢܐ ܠܪ̈ܘܫܥܗܘܢ ܪܒܝܘ. ܘܠܘܬܗ ܕܣܟܐ ‎Jas) Gao‏ ܢܚܬܘ.

‎1. Ms. ‏ܥܡ‎

‎the flood in the days of Noah, « My spirit shall not dwell among those men
for ever, because they are flesh:; but their days shall be 120 years »'. You
ask how it is that, when a space of 120 years had been granted, he is seen
to have carried out the same threat after 100 years, and flooded the whole
earth together. For Noah was 500 years old on the dav on which he granted
him the space; aud the divine Scripture said, « And the waters of the flood
eame upon the earth in the 600^ year of the life of Noah, in the 2" month
on tlie 27" day οἵ the month »?. Upon this, being directed to the truth hv
the divine Scripture itself, we say that the term of 120 years was given in
mercifulness, in order that those who were living an evil life might change
for the better in fear of tlie threat. But they came to the utmost limit of
wickedness, aud treated tlie divine long-sulfering with contempt, and accor-
dingly God brought the punishment immediately; not as if ho did not know
what was to happen, but to show hy the long term the abundance of his own
long-sullering, and to establish also the greatness of those men's wickedness,
who so much increased their impiety, and went down to the very end and
bottom of wickedness, so as to call the sentence quickly down upon them.

‎l. Gen., vi, 3. — 2. Id., vir, 11.
