53 ‏ܒ‎ h.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [312]‏ 142
ܗܘܐ ‎oa‏ ܡܠܬܐ :. ܘܠܡܫܡܥܬܐ ܕܟܠܗܘܢ ‎[Axe‏ ܡܛܠ ܬܕܡܘܪܬܐ ܐܙܝܥ. ܘܩܠ
‎JA a. 2a‏ ܕܓܠܬܐ ܘܐܢܫܝܬܐ| ‎Kasio‏ ܥܠ ‎Al‏ ܡܝܢ ‎y Gants‏ ܐܢܫ ‎e»‏
‎LAM (βὰν orco] iso‏ ܓܝܪ ‎S]‏ ܝܥܩܘܒ ‎à‏ ܒܬܛܚܒܘܬܐ ܕܐܚܘܗܝ ‎AS‏
‎.Joot‏ ܐܝܟ ܣܪܗܕܘܬܗ ܠܐ ܕܓܠܬܐ ‎οὐ‏ ܕܓܘܢܐܝܬܐ ܒܚܕ ܟܘܢܫܐ ܝܩܪ ܐܢܘܢ. ‎«Ml‏
‏ܕܝܢ ܐܡܪܘ ܕܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܩܕܡܘ ܐܬܝܩܪܘ ‎«αιόι‏ ܬܠܬܐ: ܝܬܝܪ ܡܢ ܬܠܡܝ̈ܕܐ ܗܠܝܢ
ܕܫܪܟܐ܂. ܡܛܠ ‎looot xA) Lt‏ ܘܝܕܝܥܐܝܬܐ ‎δαν‏ ܘܒܪܗ̇ ܒܕܡܘܬܐ ° ܘܐܦ
‎οοι‏ ܡܚܒ ܗܘܐ ‎oo‏ ܡܛܠ ܡܝܬܪ̈ܬܐ ‎Mh e‏ ܗ݁ܽܘܝ ܒܗܘܢ. ‎2à‏ ܕܐܦ
ܚܟܫܡ ܛܒ ܝܘܚܢܢ ܐܦܣܩܘܦܐ ܕܩܘܣܛܢܛܝܢܦܘܠܝܣ ܒܡܐܡܪܐ ܕܚܡܒܫܝܢ ‎Jo‏
‎«νου Sol: Lasass‏ .]0 ܟܕ ܗܟܢܐ ܦܪܫܪܗ̇ ܠܡܠܬܐ ܕܥܠܝܙܘܘܢ. ܡܛܠ
ܡܢܐ ܠܗܠܝܝܢ ‎Cas‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܡܥܠܝܢ° ܡܢ ܗܢܘܢ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ 0001,
ܘܦܛܛܪܪܘܣ ܡܶܢ ܡܢ !9 ܕܛܒ ܡܚܒ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ‎sans‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܝܗ̇ ܠܪ̈ܒܘܬܐ.
ܝܘܚܢܢ ܕܝܢ ܡܢ ܘܺܝ ܕܛܒ ܡܚܒܒ ‎Jon‏ ܝܥܩܘܒ ܕܝܢ ܡܢ ܦܘܢܝ ܦܬܐܓܡܐ
‎i9) où‏ ܟܕ ܐܸܡܿܪ. ܕܡܫܟܚܝܢܝܢ ‎JI:‏ ܠܟܣܐ . ܘܥܘ ܕܚܢ ܡܝܢ ܦܘܢܝ ܦܬܓܡܐ
‎Jl sa ss‏ ܘܡܝܢ ܣܘܒܪ̈ܢܐ ‎Mas Lis]‏ ܘܡܢ ܗܳܝ ܕܫܡܠܝ ‎ol κοι‏

‎1. Ms. with stop following. — 2. Ms. Ses, — 3, Ms. ‏ܗܢܘܢ‎

‎and the gift of the Spirit that in truth. came down thence, and stirred the
attention of all nations by reason of tlie wonder, and tore up from its roots
and as one might say from ils foundations every false and human opinion
that creeps upon the carth'. For it is manifest that James also was rich in
the same grace as his brother, according to the unerring testimony of him
who honoured them by one comman appellation. But some have said that
the reason for which those three were peculiarly honoured beyond the rest
ol the disciples was that they specially loved Jesus, and in the same way he
also too loved them, because of the virtues that were in them, as the very
wise Jolim bishop of Constantinople also said in the 56" homily of the Com-
mentary on the Gospel of Matthew, where he thus interpreted the words con-
cerning them : « Why did he take these? Because these excelled the others.
And Peter showed the superiority by the fact that he loved him much, and
John by the lacet that he was much loved, and James by the answer which
he returned sayiug, * We can drink the cup’, and not by the answer only,
but also hy other actions, among them the fact that he carried out what he
said. For he was so troublesome and burdensome to the Jews that Herod

‎1. Cr. μεγαλοφώνως βροντῆσαι τὴν θεολογίαν ἐκείνην τὸν ἐξ οὐρανοῦ x. τῆς ἐκεῖθεν ἐπιπνοίας χατενεχθεῖσαν,
τὸ ἐν ἀρχὴ ἣν ὁ Δ. x. τὰ ἑξῆς,
