[313] LXXXV. — TO SERGIUS THE ARCHIATROS. 143

ܗܟܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܩܫܝܐ ܘܝܩܚܪܐ ܠܝܗܘ̈ܕܝܐ: ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܗܪܘܕܣ ܗܢܐ ܐܝܩܪܐ
ܪܒܐ ‎Lai‏ ܕܡܫܟܢ ‎νο‏ ܐܢ ‎cos oot‏ ܢܩܬܛܘܠ. ܗܳܝ ܕܝܢ ‎Jr‏ ܡܪܢ
ܠܬܠܡܚ̈ܕܘܗܝ: ‎NEP Jl‏ ° ܐܠܡܐ ܕܐ ܢܫ ܒܐܘܪܚܐ .. ܫܓܘܫܝܐ ܥܒܕܐ ‎Νο‏
‎«on‏ ܕܛܝܦܐܝܬ ܒܟ̈ܬܒܐ ܐܠܪܘ̈ܝܐ ܦܓܠܚܝܢ. ܫܐܠܬ ‎A, bis‏ ܛܒ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ
ܠܡܫ̈ܘܒܫܢܐ ‎μας‏ ܦܐܝܐ ܘܠܡܶܠܝܦܢܐ ܕܬܪܥܝܬܐ ܡܟܝܟܬܐ. ܐܠܐ ܠܐ ‎AD Lo‏
ܠܦܘܩܕܢܐ ܐܝܟ ܣܘܟܠܐ ܕܬܪܥܝܬܐ ܗܕܐ ܢܩܒܠ. ܡܬܚܘܐ ܓܝܪ ‎Jos‏ ܕܕܠܩܘܒܠܐ
‎oro,‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܼܘ ܦܪܘܩܝܢ. ܘܕܒܦܘܩܕ̈ܢܐ ܕܠܐ ‎us Naso he ds‏ ܟܬܒ
ܓܚܪ ܡܬܝ ܡܛܠܬܗ ‎«Ma: oct κἰο JR $e;‏ ܐܢܬܘܢ ‎Lsads‏
‏ܕܪ̈ܚܡܝܟܘܢ ܒܠܚܘܕ: ܡܢܐ ܝܬܝܪܐ ܥܒܕܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ. ܠܐ ܗܘܐ ܐܦ ܡܟܣ̈ܐ ‎GS‏ ܠܗܕܐ
ܠܒܕܝܢ.! ‎où‏ ܗܘܟܝܠ ܕܠܘ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܕܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܠܐ ‎Jl: ο‏ ܘܕܒܥܠܕܲܒܒ̈ܐ
‎pas‏ ܕܢܫܐܠ ܫܠܡܐ.. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܡܿܒܛܠ ‎Sem‏ ܕܦܓܥܝܢ ܒܢ ܒܐܘܪܚܐ ܠܐ
‎Js μου‏ ܡܕܝܢ ܗܟܝܠ ܓܠܝܐ ܗܝ ܕܠܘܬ ܬܪܥܝܬܐ ‎JA‏ ܢܚܫܪ ܢܝܢܗ
ܕܦܘܩܕܢܐ. ܥܝܕܐ ܓ ܚܪ ܐܝܬ ‎fans‏ ° ܕܠܝܕܘ̈ܥܝܗܘܢ ‎Y‏ ܡܢܗܘܢ. ܘܙܒܢܐ
ܣܓܝܐܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܗܘܢ ܕܠܐ ܚܙܘ ‎il‏ ܕܢܣܥܪܘܢ ‎sail‏ ܟܕ ܥܠܬܐ ‎SN Lael‏
ܠܗܕܐ ܥܒܕܝܢ.. ‎Babar ois‏ ܕܗܿܢܘܢ ܢܫܐܠܘܢ. ‎has]‏ ܕܐܟܬܒ ܠܘܩܐ ܡܛܠ

1. Ms. with point. — 2. Ms. Suds.

thought this would be a great present to give to the Jews if he put him to
death »'. The words used by our Lord to his disciples, « Greet no man hy
ihe way »? naturally cause perplexity among those who read the divine
Scriptures superficially : for greeting more espeeially becomes ministers of
peace and teachers of a humble disposition. But it is not possible for us to
take the actual injunction as hearing this meaning: for our Saviour is there-
by shown to contradict himself and to be making use of injunetions which
do not agree with one another; for Matthew wrote of him that he said to his
disciples, « And, if ye grect your friends only, what special thing do ye?
Do not tlie tax-gatherers also the same? »*. [ουν then can he who enjoins
us to grect not only those who are friends but also enemies prohibit us from
greeting those who meet us on the way?  Accordingly therefore it is manifest
that we must direct the purport of the injunction to another meaning. |t is
the habit of men to visit their acquaintances who live at a distance from
them, and whom they have not seen for ἃ long time, making this the occasion

L. fn Matth. Hom. LVI, 1 (ed. Par. 2*, VII, 637). — 2. Luke, x, 5. — 3. Matth., v, 17.

n5 <
241^ d.

54 r? b.
