[315] NCIII. — TO ARCUELAUS. 175

‎ναὶ‏ ܟܝܬ ܠܗ ܘܠܦܝܠܝܦܘܣ ‎Lis‏ ܡܬܥܗܕ. ܘܠܒܢ̈ܬܗ ‎Los‏ ܗܟܢܐ. ܐܦ
‎QE‏ ܠܡ ܢܗܝܪ̈ܐ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܐ ܫܟܫܒܝܝܢ ܗܿܢܘܢ ‎Liv) [3025 «A340»‏ ܕܡܐܬܝܬܗ
50 ܕܒܗ ‎να τν" ΠῚ‏ ܡܢ ܫܡܝܐ. ܘܡܥܩܥ ° ܠܟܠܗܘܢ ‎asso‏ ܦܝܠܝܦܘܣ 3
‎où‏ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ܬܪܥܣܪ ܟܠܥ ܚܐ ‎où‏ ܕܐܦ ܫܟܝܒ ܒܐܝܪܦܘܠܝܣ. ܘܬܪ̈ܐܝܢ
‎ον‏ ܕܣܐܲܒ ܒܒܬܘܠܘܬܐ. ܘܐܚܝܪܬܐ ܒܪܬܗ ܕܒܪܘܚܐ ܕܩܘܕܫܐ ܡܬܕܒܪܐ ܗܘܬ. ܒܐܦܣܘܣ
‎Rs}‏ ܬܘܒ ܕܝܢ ܘܐܦ ܚܘܚܢܢ ‎Kaas où‏ ܥܠ ܚܝܕܝܗ ܕܡܪܢ. ܗܽܘ ܕܗܼܘܐ
‎Lots‏ ܟܕ ‎JLON GM‏ ܠܒܫ: ‎Jroneo‏ ܘܡܠܚܦܢܐ.. ܗܢܐ ‎wamofs‏ ܫܟܚܒ. ‎wo‏
‏ܐܡܪܢܢ ܡܛܠ ܡܘܬܗܘܢ ܕܗܠܝܢ. ‎La le JI]‏ ܐܚܪܬܐ ܕܫܢܝܘܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ ܘܕܣܘܟܠܐ
ܕܠܐ ܪܕܐ ܐܝܬܝ̈ܗܿ܆. !2 ܕܡܫܪܪܐ ܠ ܡܝܣ ‎Pons ts πως‏ ܡܢ ‎JAN‏ ܘܝ
‎ἽΝ οἱ‏ ܗܳܝ ܕܐܬܐܡܪܬ ܡܢ ܐܠܗܢ ܘܦܪܘܩܢ ܝܫܘܥ ܡܫܝܚܐ܆:. ܠܘܬ ܬܠܡܫ̈ܕܘܗܝ
‎bes‏ ܙܢܐ. ܐܡܚܝܢ ‎£e‏ ܐܢܐ ܠܟܘܢ. ܐܝܬ ܐܢܫܐ ܕܗܪܟܐ ‎meo‏ ܗܿܢܝܘܢ ܕܠܐ
ܢܛܥܡܘܢ ܡܘܬܐ ܥܕܡܐ ‎opus‏ ܠܒܪܗ ‎μοὶ}‏ ܕܐܬܐ ܒܡܠܟܘܬܗ. ܐܦ ܓܚܪ ܥܕܢܐ
ܗܘ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܕܗܟܢܐ ܛܥܝܝܢ: ܕܢܐܡܪܘܢ ܕܥܠ ܐܝܠܝܢ ܡܢ ܬܠܡ̈ܝܕܐ ‎bel‏ ܐܝܬ
ܠܗܘܢ ܡܣܒܪܢܘܬܐ:. ܕܥܡܗ ܕܝܘܚܢܢ ܐ ° ‎ass)‏ ܡܘܬܐ.. ܕܩܘܝܘ ܕܚܢ ܠܐ ‎JA& se‏

‎|. Ms. lol». — %, Ms, ‏.ܕܦܝܠܝܦܘܣ‎ — 3, Ms. sing.

‎he mentions him and Philip the apostle at the same time and the latter's
daughters as follows : *In Asia also sleep great lights who shall rise at the
last day of our Lord's coming, in which he comes with glory from heaven and
shall search out all the saints, Philip who was of the 12 apostles, who also
sleeps in ílierapolis, aud his two daughters who had grown old in virginity ;
and his other daughter, who lived her life in the Iloly Spirit, fell asleep in
Ephesus. Moreover John also as well who [ell upon our Lord's breast,
who beeanie à priest, having put on the crown, and martyr! and doctor, he
sleeps in fphesus’”. 50. much we have said conceruing these persons’
death »”. — But that other argument also besides is one οἱ great madness and
of uninstructed understanding, which confirms tlie erroneous supposition from
the gospel saying which was spoken by our God and Saviour Jesus Christ to
his disciples in this way : « Verily | say unto you; there are some standing
here who shall not taste death till they see the Son of man coming in his
kingdom »?. It is time for those who thus err to say also of which of the
other disciples they suppose that together with John himself they did not
taste of death, but that they have remained immortal to this day; lor the

‎1. Or *witness', — 2. ΠΠ. E., III, xvii, 15 XIII, ἐς ¥, 2-4. — 3. 41011 ‏,.ܐ‎ XVI, 28.
