51 v? a.

144 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [314]

ܡܪܚܡ ‎M.‏ ܐܠܗܐ. ܕܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܐܙܠܬ ܠܛܛܘܪܐ ‎EAN NA ία‏ ܟܕ
ܐܡܪ ܗܟܢܐ. ‎NM‏ ܕܝܢ ܡܪܝܡ ܒܗܘܢ ܒܝܘ̈ܡܬܐ ܗܢܘܢ.. ܘܐܙܠܬ ܠܛܘܪܐ
ܒܚܦܝܛܘܬܐ:. ܠܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܕܝܗܘܕ. ‎M»so‏ ܠܒܝܬܗ ‎His Άλλο ἫΝ‏
ܕܐܠܫܫܒܥ. ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ‎oot, 2393 NS‏ ܡܪܢ ܘܐܠܪܘܢ: ܕܠܝ̈ܠܐ ‎labo‏ .903.25«
ܡܬܦܢܝܢ:. ܘܕܣܓܝܚ ܚܦܝܛܝܢ ‎LE‏ ܗܘܐ ܕܗܘܘ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ: ܠܘܬ ‎Lio)‏ ܕܟܪܘܙܘܬܐ܂.
‎p μον»‏ ܗܢܐ ܒܛܠ. ܟܕ ܒܐܘܪܚܐ ‎δι‏ ܝ̈ܬܐ ܘܐܠܗܘܝܬܐ ܚܙܩܝܢ ܗܘܘ.
ܕܠܐ ܟܕ ܠܚܦܝܛܛܘܬܐ ܕܐܘܪܚܐ ‎δι‏ ܕܡܩܕܡܐ ‎franc‏ ܡܫܚܬܦܝܢ܇. ܐܘܪܚܝܐ ‎δι‏
‏ܕܡܬܐܡܪܐ ‎λαο‏ . ܕܠܘܬ ܫܒܝܠܐ ܐܚܪܢܐ ܡܪܟܢܐ ܢܕܪܫܘܢ. ‎Γ5‏ ܓܝܪ ܕܡܢ
ܪܚܡܬܐ ° ܐܢܢܝܬܐ ‎δι‏ ܕܙܕܩܐ: ܘܡܢ ܚܘܟܐ ܕܪܫܦ ܥܠ ܐܪܥܐ ܂. ‎Jo‏ ܬܫܡܫܬܐܼ
ܐܠܗܝܬܐ ܬܬܝܩܪ. ܕܡܥܬܐ ‎JR Go)‏ ܘܕܟܪܘܙܘܬܐ ܦܪܘܩܝܬܐ. ܕܫܠܡܢ ܕܝܢ ܠܗܠܝܢ:
ܒܗܝܢ ܒܡ̈ܠܐ ܘܦܬܝܐܝܬ: ܒܡܐܡܪܐ ܕܫܬܝܢ ܘܬܪ̈ܝܢ ܕܦܘܫܩܐ ܕܐܘܢܓܠܝܘܢ ܕܠܘܩܐ:
‎XM»‏ ܘܒܚܝܪܐ ܩܘܪܝܠܘܣ ܐܦܣܩܘܦܐ ܕܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ. ܬܘܒ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܠܐ ܙܕܩ ܗܘܐ
ܥܗܠܝܢ ܕܥܬܝܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܕܢܢܪܘܪܘܢ ‎as‏ ܕܒܚܫܘܟܐ܆. ܘܕܠܘܬ ܝܕܥܬܐ ܕܫܪܪܐ ܢܝܬܘܢ
ܐܢܘܢ . ܕܝܬܐܝܪܐܝܬ ܒܟܒܫܝܢܘܬܐ ܘܒܚ ܘܝܚ ܘܬܐ ܣܓܝܐܬܐ ‎saa scu Ns‏ ܘܠܘ ‎Mou»‏
‏ܢܥܪܩܘܢ ܡܢ ܝܬܘܬܦܘܬܐ ܕܠܘܬܗܘܢ:. ‎Jun)‏ ܕܢܫܬܐܥܘܢ ܘܡܢ ‎gorda. ο δὶ‏

of a journey, the greeting of those persons, as Luke wrote of Mary the God-
bearer that the reason for which she went to the hill-eountry was to greet
Elizabeth, saying thus : « And Mary arose in the same davs, and went to
11:6 hill-country in haste, to a eity of Judah, and entered the honse of Zaeha-
rias, and. greeted Elizabeth »'. Since therefore our Lord and God wished
his diseiples to be uneneumbered and self-reliant, and that they should be
very zealous for the preaching-journey, he prohibited such greeting, when
they were setting out on the apostolie and divine journey, lest they should
give up the zeal for the journey set before them and enter upon the journey
that is called vain, which leads aside to another path. For he wished the
divine service of tlie. wospel-message and of the saving preaehing to be
honoured before fitting. human affection and the love that erceps upon the
earth. And the approved Cyril also bishop of Alexandria wrote in agreeinent
with these things in precise words and at length, in the 62" homily of the
Commentary on the Gospel ol Luke : « Again how could it not be incumbent
on men who were to enligliten those that were in darkness aud to bring

1. Luke. r, 39. ^0,

ܢܢ ܚܝ ܥ ‎δα" ο.‏ 55 — —
