8 v? b.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [344]‏ 174
‎oo‏ ܕܦܘܠܘܣ ‎[sooo‏ ܪܒܬܐܼ. ‎Lea! oà No‏ ܒܐܦܣܘܣ. ܘܐܘܣܟܒܝܘܣ ܕܝܢ
‎où‏ ܕܦܙܦܠܘܣ :ܐ ܒܟܬܒܐ ‎ο‏ ܥܕܬܢܝܬܐ ܓܠܝܐܝܬ ܟܬܒ : ܕܫܠܝܚܐ
ܡܡܠܠ ‎Li. go le 1 ο.‏ ܝܘܚܢܢ.. ܕܠܡܘܬܐ ܓܘܢܝܐ ‎[sites (oo‏
ܣܒܠ. ܘܕܡܩܘܐ ‎Jos LUS‏ ܘܐܪ̈ܝܟܐ ܘܕܥܝܬ ܠܗܘܢ ܣܟܐ . :996« ܕܡܢ ܒܬ ܪ
‎JN o‏ ܘܒܩܦܐܐܘܢ ܢܣ ܕܬܡܢܬܥܣܪ: ܕܟܬܒܐ ‎NEM où‏ ܐܡܥܠܪ܂. ܡܬ ܐܡܪܐ
ܡܠܬܐ: ܕܝܘܚܢܢ ‎Les‏ ܐܟܚܕܐ ‎Sp Jos Nen ele‏ ܐܝܚܬܘܗܝ
ܗܘܐ ܗܘܦܟܗ. ܘܡܛܠ ܣܗܕܘܬܐ ° ܕܥܠ ‎ace]‏ ܡܠܝܬܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܐܬܚܝܒ: ‎δαν‏
‏ܒܦܘܛܡܘܣ ‎λες‏ ܒܧܩܦܠܐܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܬܘܒ ܕܥܣܕ̈ܝܢ ܘܬܠܬܐ ‎So‏ ܗܟܢܐ. ܒܗܠܝܢ
‎μωδαὶ fus‏ ܗܘܐ ܒܥܠܡܐ ܒܐ ܣܫܚܐ.. ‎où oo‏ 2451 ܗܘܐ ܠܘ ‎Sess‏ ܝܘܚܢܢ
ܫܠܝܚܐ ‎Jus)‏ ܘܡܣܒܪܢܐ. ܘܡܕܒܪ ܗܘܐ ‎«99Η μρὸ‏ ܟܕ ܦܢܕܐ ܡܝܢ ܓܙܪܬ| ‎Joss‏
‏ܗܘܐ ܒܗܿ. ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܡܘܬܗ ܕܕܘܡܛܝܢܘܣ. ܒܩܦܠܐܘܢ ‎Gr‏ ܕܬܠܬܝܢ ܘܚܕ: ܡܚܝܕܐ
ܡܛܠܬܗܼ ‎NON‏ ܡܘܣܦ. ‎ς LAN‏ ܕܙܒܢܗ ܕܝܘܚܢܝܢ ܡܢ ܟܕܘ ܐܡܝܪܢܝܢ.
‎JAsos‏ ܕܝܢ ܕܫܠܕܗ ܡܢ ܐܓܪܬܐ ‎«na diodes:‏ ܡܬܚܘܝܐ. ܗܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ
ܐܦܣܩܘܦܐ ‎Jia»‏ ܕܐܦܣܘܣ. ܗܝ ܕܟܕ ܠܘܬ ‎ja Macs‏ ܐܦܣܩܦܐ ‎Lisoooÿs‏ ܟܬ ܒ:

‎1. Ms, ‏ܕܦܢܦܘܠܘܣ‎ — 3, Ms. sing. — 3. Ms. ‏ܡܢ‎ — 4. Ms. ‏ܕܢܥܕ‎

‎and that of John at Ephesus »'. And Euschius Pamphili in the 3" hook
of the Ecclesiastical llistory plainly wrote that John the theologian-apostle
and evaugelist underwent the common end of all men, and that he awaits
the true and long life that has no ending which is alter the resurrection :
and in the 68" chapter? of the book which we have mentioned he says; « It
is related that John, the apostle and evangelist at the same time, was still
living in the world, and on aecount of the testimonv concerning lGod the
Word? was condemned to live in the island of Patmos »; and again in. the
23" chapter? he writes thus : « ln these times there had been left in the
world in Asia the aetual man whom Jesus loved, John the aposile and
evangelist at tho same time, and he was govorning the churches there, having
returned from the island in which he had been exiled after” Domitian's
death »; and in the 31% chapter? he immediately adds these things about
him : « But the chronology of John's life we have already mentioned, but
the locality of his body is shown from the letter of Polycrates (he was bishop
ol Ihe region‘ of Ephesus), in writing which to Victor bishop of the Romans

‎ι. This work is nol extitit, — 2. χεφάλαιον, — 3, Eus. τὸν θεῖον Aóyov. — ^. χώρα (Eus. παροικίας).
