Qt

[318] ΕΝΑΝ, — TO SERGIUS THE AIKCIHENTROS. 145

ܟܕ ܛܒ ‎Lis‏ ܗܝ ܗܟܝܠ ܠܩܕ̈ܝܫܐ': ܕܥܡ 5 ܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ ܘܗܺܝ ‎pass,‏
‏ܢܬܩܪܒܘܢ.. ܘܕܢܫܐܠܘܢ ܫܠܡܐ ܬܗܘܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܗܘܢ. ܟܒܪ ܓܝܪ ‎"Ia‏ ܗܘܬ܂. ܕܠܘ
ܡܢ ܟܠ ܦܪܘܣ ܠܐ ܡܗܝ̈ܡܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ ܗܠܝܢ ‎ES!‏ ܗܘܘ ܒܗܘܢ . ܐܠܐ
ܘܐܢܫ̈ܝܢ ‎was o»‏ ܒܬܪܥܝܬܐ ‎οἱ.‏ ܡܢ' ܗܢܘܢ ‎Jos‏ ܡܢ ܟܕܘ ܐܬܢܙܘܪܘ. ‎Ko)‏
‏ܗܕܐ ܐܠܨܐ ܗܘܬ ܕܡܠܬܐ ‎[Saca‏ ܢܬܠܘܢ” ܠܗܘܢ. ܐܡܿܪ ܐܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܠܗ̇ܝ ܕܚܕܘ. ܡܢܐ
ܗܟܝܠ ]5[. ‎SR oo‏ ܗܕܐ ܡܫܝܐ ܠܘ ܙܣܢܺܝܝ ܒܢܝ̈ܢܫܐ ܢܗܘܘܢ ‎HAS‏ ܘܠܐ ܕܢܚܩܪ
ܠܠܐ ‎Sa‏ ܫܠܡܐ ‎res‏ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ‎rs‏ .7 ܡܠܦ ܕܢܫܬܐܠܘܢ. ܠܐ
ܐܝܬܝܗܿ ܠܒܪ ܡܢ ‎à LAN‏ ܕܢܣܬܟܠ. ܕܟܕ ܡܬܟܪܟܝܢ ܬܠܝܡܝ̈ܕܐ ‎Jus‏
‏ܟܝܬ ܘܒܩܧܩܘܪ̈ܝܐ: ܘܠܗܠܝܢ ‎Sas;‏ ܕܘܡ ܡܛܠ ܝܘ̈ܠܦܢܐ ‎xD LS‏ ܠܗܘܢ
‎v3 DIS‏ ܗܘܘ ܗܟܝܠ ܕܠܘ ܕܠܐ ܝܕܝܦܘܬܐ ‎Jo‏ ܢܣܥܪܘܢ. ܐܠܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܠܡܐܡܪ
ܒܣܦܝܩܘܬܐ ܟܕ ܡܣܛܝܢ ܡܢ ܐܘܪܚܐ܂. ܘܒܫܘ̈ܚܠܦܐ ܡܕܡ ܡܬܚܫܝܚܝܢ. ܡܛܠ
‎lv‏ ܗܘܐ ‎sols De‏ ܕܠܗ̇ܘ ܕܝܕܥ ܠܗ ܢܚܙܐ ܘܠܪ̈ܚܡܗ. ܘܒܬܪܟܢ ܠܙܒܬܐ ‎où‏

1. Ms. siug. — 2. ‏ܫ‎ in erasure. — 3. In erasure. — 4. Ms. «σοι — 5. Ms. SN. — 6. ]u. smaller
lelters in erasure. — 7. Ms. eo — 8. Ms, |o. — 9, Ms, ‏.ܦܐܡܬܝ‎

them to the knowledge of the truth above all others to adopt a gentle demea-
nour and great affability, and not roughly shun intercourse with them, so
as to refuse even to greet them? though it indeed. becomes saints together
with other good qualities to have that also of approaching people in a proper
way and giving greeting. For perhaps it would happen that those who
met them were not under all cireumstances unbclievers, but also some of
those who shared their opinions, or of those who had been already en-
lightened, so that for this reason it was necessary to give them a message
of love, I mean the word * Hail Ε΄, What therefore? | And for this reason Christ
does not give the injunction in order that they may be misanthropes, nor
does he give it in order to show honour to' a refusal to offer greeting, but
rather he teaches them to avoid such refusal. |t is not unreasonable for us
to understand that, when the disciples were going round tlie cities and
villages, and propounding the mysteries relating to the divine doctrines to
those in every place, they did not then wish to do this without distraction,
but so to speak at leisure, turning out of the way and making use of certain
diversions, because someone perhaps wished to see a inan whom he knew

1. The translalor seems lo have misunderstood the Greek. The Syr. version of Cyr. bas « What
therefore does Christ Leach by this also? He did not ordain thal ley should be rude, nor thal they
should honour ».

PATR. OR. — T. XIV. — ‏.ܐ ܕܐܐ‎ lo

σε

D

v? b.
