15 v? h,

16 r° a.

160 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [330]

ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎fus SR:‏ ܩܠܝܐܐܝܬܐ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ ܢܩܪܘܢ. ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ‎£x] le‏ ܠܘܬ
‎[ass‏ ܢܘܚ: ܕܩܕ ܐ ܕܟܠ ‎Lon»‏ ܥܠ ܩܕܡܝ.. ܡܛܠ ܕܐܬܡܠܝܬ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܐܪܥܐ
‎Je Jes‏ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܬ ܠܗ ܕܠܓܙܪ ‎Lia‏ ܕܝܠܗ ܢܫܚܠܦ ܠܘܬ ° ܙܥܝܦܘܬܐ
‎Jlasdo‏ . ܠܦܘܬ ܫܘܚܠܦܐ ܕܝܠܝܢ. ‎οἱ‏ ܠܒܝܫܘܬܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܠܡܝܬܪܘܬܐ. ܘܗܕܐ ‎LES‏
‏ܐܡܪ ܒܚܕ ܐܪܫܐ ܢܒܫܐ. ܐܢ ܠܡ ܫܘܠܡܐ ‎Wo]‏ ܥܠ ‎οἱ bas‏ ܥܠ ‎Has‏
‏ܕܐܥܩܕܝܪܗܿ ܘܐܘܒܕܝܙܘܿ: ܘܢܗܦܘܟ ܥܡܐ ܗܽܘ ܡܢ ܒܚܬ̈ܬܗܘܢ.. ܐܬܬܘܐ ܡܛܠ ܒܝܫ̈ܬܐ
ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܠܠܬ ‎t‏ ܠܗܘܢ. ‎Woo] ας {lo‏ ܥܠ ‎[sas‏ ܘܥܠ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ:
ܕܬܬܒܢܐ ܘܬܬܢܨܒ: ܘܢܥܒܕܘܢ ‎Ji‏ ܩܕܡܚ: ܘܠܐ ܢܫܡܥܘܢ ܒܩܠܝ.. ܐܬܬܘܐ ܡܛܠ
ܛܒ̈ܬܐ ܗܠܝܢ ‎DA M3,‏ ܠܗܘܢ. ܘܕܗܠܝܝܢ ܗܟܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ: ‎να‏
‎3o‏ ܛܒ ܝܘܚܢܢ ‎où‏ ܕܗܘܐ ܐܦܣܩܘܦܐ ܕܩܘܣܛܢܛܝܢܦܘܠܝܣ. ܟܕ ܡܦܫܩ
‎fiasopsas‏ ܕܡܐܐ ܘܐܪ̈ܒܥܐ ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎SMS‏ ܘܐܝܟ ‎δ δ ρα.‏ ܡܬܚܝ..
ܕܠܫܘ̈ܘܕܝܐ ܕܠܘܬ ܐܒܗ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܠܡܕܥܬܐ ܡܫܬܝܢ. ܐܸܢ ܕܝܢ ܡܬܚܪܐ ܝܗܘܕܝܐ ܠܘܩܒܠ
ܗܠܝܢ: ܘܥܬܘܘܕܝܐ ‎où ml‏ ܕܠܘܬܗܘܢ ܗܼܘܐ܂ْ ‎ah‏ ܐܢܐ ° ܕܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ‎"xot ys‏
ܘܐܦ ܒܥܬܝܩܬ| ܗܘܘ. ܐܫܬܘܕܝ 64« ܠܐܪܥܐ ܡܢ ‎Ju‏ ܕܡܨܪܝܢ ܥܕܡܐ 1

Therefore he further also said to the righteous Noah, « The end of all flesh
hath come in belore me, because the earth hath. been filled with iniquity by
them>»'. For itis his custoim to change his own sentences in the direction
of lury and goodness according to our change, either towards wickedness or
towards virtue. And this he stated plainly through Jeremiali the prophet :
« IL 1 speak a determination against a people or against a. kingdom to rool
it out and destroy it, and that people turn from their evil deeds, I will repent
concerning the evil things which 1 spake to do to them. And, il I speak
a determination against a people and against a kingdom, that it be built
and planted, and they do evil deeds before nie. and hearken not to my voice,
| will repent concerning 1110 good things which | spake to do to them »?.
And that these things are so is laid down by the very wise John also who
became bishop of Constantinople, when he is interpreting the. 104" Psalm
and writing. thus, and contending as against. the Jews, who adduced. the
promises to their fathers : « But, if the Jew argues against these things, and
holds to the promise that was made to them, { learn that many such promises
were indeed made iin the Old Testament also. Ile promised Lo give the land

1. Gen, vi, 3, πὸ 2, Jer, xvin, 710,
