98 i" b.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [3^2]‏ 173
ܡܠܬܐ ܒܝܬ ܐܚܝ̈ܐ܂. ܕܗ̇ܘ ܠܐ ܡܐ݀ܬ. ܘܠܐ ܡܿܝܢ 5507 ܕܡܩܘܐ ܥܕܡܐ ܕܐܬܐ ܐܢܐ. ‎ALL‏
‏ܗܼܘ ܕܨܒܐ ܐܢܐ ܕܢܩܘܐ. ܐܦ ܠܐ ܓܝܪ ‎Q9‏ ܬܣܒܪ ܕܒܚܕ ° ܙܢܝܐ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܠܗܠܝܢ
ܕܠܘܬܟܘܢ ܡܦܪܢܣ ܐܢܐ. ‎Je‏ ܕܝܝܢ ܠܒܕ ܗܘܐ ܟܕ ܡܿܢ ‎Jaen‏ ܕܡܝܢ ‎che‏
‏ܕܠܘܬ ‎Jr‏ ܦܠܓ ܗܘܐ ܠܗܘܢ. ܡܛܠ ܓܝܪ ܕܥܬܝܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܕܡܦܣܢܘܬܐ ‎Neo»,‏
‏ܬܒܝܠ ܢܩܒܬܝܘܢ.. ܠܐ ܙܪܩ ܗܘܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܕܥܡ ‎hw‏ ܢܗܘܘܢ ܡܥܪܙܠܝܢ. ܐܠܘ
ܕܝܢ ܗܕܐ ܗܘܬ . ܚܘ݀ܣܪܢܐ ܪܒܐ ܠܬܒܝܠ ܗܕܐ ܗܘܝܐ ܗܘܐ. ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܗܟܢܐ ܐܡܿܪ.
ܥܒܕܐ ܐܬܗܼܝܡܢܬ. ܒܪܗ ܐܬܒܩܐ. ܘܣܥܘܪ ܘܐܬܟܬܫܦ ܐܓܘܢܐܝܬ. ܡܝܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܘܐܦܢ
‎E‏ ܐܢܐ ‎oon.‏ ܢܩܘܐ ܗܪܟܐ܂. ܐܢܬ ܒܗܠܝܢ ‎Pr‏ ܐܬܒܩܐ. ܘܒܡܪܢܝܬܗܝܢ ܗܘܝ .
ܐܢܬ ܕܝܢ ܘܐܦ ‎ον οὶ bio‏ ܠܝ ܠܠܝܐ ܚܬܝܪܘܬܗ ܕܐܘܢܓܠܣܛܐ. ܟܕ ܓܝܪ
ܐܡܪ ܠܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ‎Sos ο.»‏ ܗܕܐ: ܡܬ ܨ ‎opc‏ ܐܝܟ ܡܶܢ ܕܠܐ ܐܬܒܩܝܘ
ܒܘ̇ܝ ‎sols‏ ܐܦ ܠܐ ܓܚܪ ‎eel‏ ܝܫܘܥ ܕܠܐ ‎se‏ ܐܠܐ ܕܐܸܢ ‎sy oo‏ ܐܢܐ ܕܢܩܝܘܐ.
ܘܚܟܚܡ ܛܒ ܕܝܢ ܩܘܪܝܥܘܣ ܟܕ ܠܥܘܗܪܙܐ ‎Lasa9;‏ ܕܗܢܐ ܦܬܓܡܐ ܣܙܐܡ ܟܬܒ
ܗܟܢܐ. ° ܟܕ ܠܗܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܚܕܙܐ ܦܛܪܘܣ܂ ܕܕܢܪܚܡ ܕܢܫܐܠ ‎hause‏ ܗܘܐ . ܘܢܐܠܦ
ܡܦܝܣ ‎ye BU «Οὐ!» :joot‏ ܐܝܠܝܢ ‎lai Lo‏ ܐܦ ‎oo‏ ܡܢ ‎Is‏ ܗܠܝܢ

‎1. Ms, en yan.

‎the hrethren that that man should not die. And he did not say, ‘Ie shall
tarry Δ} 1 come', but, “ΠῚ 1 will that he (αγγ. ‘For do not suppose
either”, he says, ‘that 1 manage vour affairs in one way onlv'.. But this
he did beeause he wished to detach them from excessive love towards one
auother. For, since they were to receive the charge of the world, it was
not right for then: any longer to be bound up with one another : for, if
this had been 5ο, this would have been a great loss to the world. Therclore
he says thus! : * Yon have had à work entrusted to you, look to it, and act
and fight like a eombatant. For what even though ] will that he ‏ܬ‎
‎here? look yon to your own allairs, and eoncern yourself about them’.
But do you observe, 1 pray. even here also the unassuming characler of the
evangelist. For after inentioning the belief of the diseiples with regard to
this matter he corrects it on the ground that they had not noticed what he
said. For neitlier did Jesus sav, ‘Ile shall not die’, but, ‘If will that he
αγ ὃν Aud the very wise Cyril, while inserting a mention of the inter-
pretation of this saying, writes thus : « When Peter therelore saw this man,
he tried to be curious, and begged to learn to what and. what kind of dan-

‎I. The translalor LhereTore read οὕτως for αὐτῳ. — 2, Ju Joh. Hom. ‏ܕܒ‎ 2 (ed. Par. 22, VIHBH, 60).
