16 v? a.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [332]‏ 162
ܘܢܗܝܪܘܬܐ ‎EXC‏ ܘܗܠܝܢ ‎Ivo eo‏ ܩܘܪܝܠܘܣ܆. ܒܟܬܒܐ ܕܬܪ̈ܥܣܪ ܕܦܘܦܩܐ
ܕܐܘܢܓܠܝܘܢ ܕܝܘܚܢܢ ܗܟܢܐ܀ ܡܛܠ ܕܝܢ ܕܟܕ ܛܒ ‎JL, Go‏ ܙܒܢ̈ܬܐ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܬܐ
ܒܙܒܢܐ ܕܦܐܐ ‎eps]‏ ܕܣ݀ܿܥܪ: ܒܪܡ ܕܝܢ $30 ܘܩܕܡ ܙܒܢܐ ‎Mae)‏ . ܠܘܬ
‎fous‏ ܕܝܠܢ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܢܗܝܡܢ ܫܪܝܪܐܝܬ: ܘܕܒܟܠ ܦܪܘܣ ‎!Joà‏ ܡܦܩܢܐ ܠܗܠܝܢ
ܕܡܢܗ ܐܬ ܐܡܪܼ.. ܡܢ ܗܪܟܐ ܡܚܘܝܢܝܢ. ܐܫܬܘܕܝ ܕܡܩܫܡ ܠܡܝ̈ܬܐ. ܘܕܡܦܢܐ ܬܘܒ
‎Sos ES‏ ܕܒܐܪܥܐ ܘܒܥܦܪܐ ‎Ave‏ ܐܬܝܐ ° ܓܝܪ ܐܡܪ ‎JR‏ ܕܒܪܘ̇ ܟܕ
‎ο ος‏ ܕܒܪܗ ܕܐܢܫܐ ܢܦܩܘܢ. ܗܠܝܢ ܡܿܢ ܕܥܒܕܘ ܛܒ̈ܬܐ ܠܩܚܡܬܐ
‎s Ia‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܕܣܥܪܘ ‎MEAS‏ ܠܩܝܡܬܐ ‎duos‏ ܘܕܠܗܕܐ ܕܝܢ ܡܝܬ ܪܨ
ܕܠܝܐܐܝܬ: ܘܠܘܬ ‎Lmss‏ ܡܣܬܪܗܒ܂. ܡܠܦ ܗܘܐ ܡܶܢ ܟܕ ‎bl a‏ ܐܢܝܐ
ܩܝܡܬܐ ܘܚܝ̈ܐ. ܡܛܠ ܕܝܢ ܕܠܪܒܘܬܗ ܕܣܘܥܪܢܐ ‎δι‏ ܕܢܩܘܡܘܢ ‎Lis οοι»‏
ܡܝ̈ܬܐ: ܠܘ ܕܠܐ ܡܬܗܝܡܢܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܠܡܐܡܪ ܣܐܡ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ̇ܢ. ܬܟܒ ܚܰܫܚܐܝܬ
ܙܒܢܐ ‎Jie,‏ ܘܡܚܘܐ ܐܬܐ ܟܕ ܐܩܚܡ ܠܠܥܙܪ ‎No‏ ܕܐܪܡܠܬܐܼ. ‎Aldo‏
‏ܕܝܘܐܪܫ. ܘܡܢܐ ‎B‏ ܥܡ ܗܠܝܝܢ. ܕܛܒ ܫܒܝܚܬܐ ܡܕܡ ܐܡܿܪ ܕܗܽܘܝܐ ‎Jo‏

‎1. Ms. lon: ® 02

‎to which the words also relate which the holy Cyril wrote in the 12" book
of the commentary on the Gospel of John, as follows : « But, because !,
though he often promised to do many things at the fitting time, he never-
theless did them even before the time appointed, lor the purpose of persuading
us, in order that we may truly believe that even under all circumstances tlie
things said by lim will come to effect, we will show from the following.
He promised to raise the dead, and to bring back to life those who are laid
in the earth and dust. For, ‘there cometh”, he saitli, ‘au hour, wherein
the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of man and come forth, they that
have done good deeds to the resurrection of life, but they that have done evil
deeds to the resurrection of judgment”. Aud that he will easily make this
good, faud will hasten to persuade? lie taught. by saving, ‘L'an the resur-
rection and the life”. And, because Γιο would not make the greatness of the
thing that the dead should rise at that tine so lo speak ineredible, for a
useful purpose the lime of tlie resurrection is haslened? and he shows the
sign in that. he raised Lazarus and tlie widows son, and Jairus' danghter.
And what else besides these things? He says that the resurrectiou of the

‎Cyr, ct, which 11:6 translator has misunderstood, — 2. Cyr. πληροφορεῖν ἐπειγόμενος. — 3. Cyr. ἢ‏ .ܐ

‎τοῦ πράγματος ὑπερβολὴ τὸ ἀναβιώσεσβαίὶ ποτε τοὺ: νεχρυὺ: ἄπιστόν πως ἐτίθει φθάνε' χρησίμως τον τῆς ἀναστασέως

‎παιρύν.
