‎χα. ΤῸ ARCIIELAUS. 173‏ ]3^3[
ܡܬܩܪܒ.. ‎οἱ‏ ܠܐܝܕܐ ܟܐܡܬ! ܢܐܬܐ ܐܦ ܗܼܘ ܣܟܐ ܕܚܝ̈ܘܗܝ. ܐܠܐ ܠܒܪ ܡܢ ܡܠܬܐ
ܕܦܐܝܐ ‎Jljas oo‏ ܡܬܚܙܐ ‎Jon‏ ܘܕܥܘܩܒܐ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܘܠܘ ‎las},‏ ܝܘܠܦܢܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
‎Jon‏ ܥܒܕܐ ‎où E où‏ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܦܩܬܘ ܠܝܕܥܬܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ ‎Lil Ww»‏ ܐܬܝܢ
ܢܥܩܒ. ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ‎JMI‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܣܟܒܪ ܐܢܐ: ‎Lis Lax‏ ܗܘܐ ܡܿܢ ‎£e‏
‎oo‏ ܒܪܡ ‎aù‏ ܡܚܝܕܐ ‎«Son‏ ܕܡܫܬܐܠܢ ‎οἱ‏ ܟܝܬ ܡܬܥܩܒܝܢ. ܡܘܒܠ
ܠܗ ܕܝܢ ܐܝܟܢ ‎oon‏ ܠܘܬ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ ܠܢܝܫܗ ‎oón‏ ܕܡܫܐܠ. ܕܠܘ ‎J|‏ ܡܝܘܬܐ ܢܗܘܐ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎où‏ ܝܘܚܢܝܢ ܐܡܿܪ ܐܠܐ ܐܸܢ ܗܼܘ ܕܨܒܐ ܐܢܐ ܕܢܗܘܐ ܚܝ ܥܕܡܐ ܕܐܬܐ ܐܢܐ: ܐܪܐ
ܠܟ ܕܝܠܟ ܡܐ ܠܟ. ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܗܢܘ ܕܝܢ ܫܡܥܬ ‎οἱ‏ ܦܛܪܐ ‎οι‏ ܕܡܛܠܬܟ.
ܘܠܡܢܐ ° ܡܛܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܚܖ̈ܢܐ ‎pates‏ ܐܢܬ ܕܬܫܐܠ. ܘܒܝܕܥܬܐ ܕܕܝܢ̈ܐ ܐܠܗ̈ܝܐ.
ܠܘ ܒܙܒܢܐ ܚܦܪ ܐܢܬ. ܐܸܢ ܓܝܪ ܘܕܠܐ ܠܔܪ ܡܐܬ ‎«μοὶ‏ ܐܪܐ ܡܢܐ ܡܒܝܐܐ ܗܕܐ
ܠܝܨܝܦܘܬܐ ܕܝܠܟ. ܘܐܬܢܣܚܘܣ ܕܝܢ ܦܛܪܝܪܟܐ ܕܐܠܟܣܢܕܪܝܐ ܒܬܘܪܓܡܐ ܕܐܪ̈ܒܥܝܢ
ܘܚܕ ܕܐܡܝܪ ܒܥܐܕܐ ܒܬܠܬܐ ܒܦܪܡܘܬܝ ܝܪܚܐ ܗܠܝܢ ‎qao]‏ ܘܩܒܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ‎«λον‏
‏ܟܠܝܗܘܢ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܗܫܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ. ܘܚܢܝܢ ܚܙܝܢܢ ܐܢܘܢ . ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎DONS où‏

‎τς Ms, eos. — 9. Ms. δὲ Νε, τῶν καθ᾽ ἔχυτου 66909 τὴν αἴσθησιν.

‎gers he also would alter these things be exposed, or to what the end of his
life also would come. But 1110 question was maunifestly beyond the limits
of dne reason, and that act was one of inquisitiveness rather, not of useful
learning, that, having obtained knowledge about himself, he should inquire
into the things that were coming upon others. For this reason, as I think,
the Lord answered and said something, thongli not a. direct answer to the
things asked or inquired about, but he turns in a way the purpose of the
questioner to other things, so that he does not say ‘John shall be immortal
but * If 1 will that he be alive till I come, what then is it to you yourself?" :
‘therefore’, that is, ‘you have heard, O Peter, the things that concern you,
and why are you curious © things that conecrn others? and why do
you probe into tlie knowledge of the divine judginents out of season? For,
if he had actually said that he should never die', how then will this comfort
your anxiety?' »* And Athanasius patriarch of Alexandria in the 415
exposition spoken at a festival on the 3" of the month of Farmenothi said
these words : « And tlie graves of all these exist to this day, and we have
ourselves seen tliem, as that of Peter and that ol Paul at the great Ronie,

‎3
‎1. So Syr. ineaniuglessly ; Cr. εἰ γὰρ «xi μηδόλως τελευτῴη, 3 — 3. Iu Jo. Ev., ed. Pusey, III,
ΤῸΝ,
