59 ve à.

176 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [346]

ܥܕܡܐ ‎so‏ ܫܘܘܕܥܐ ܓܝܪ ܣܓܝܐܢܝܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܗ̇ ܠܡܠܬܐ. ܠܐ ܓܝܪ ‎où eel‏ ܐܢܝܫ
ܕܠܐ ܢܛܥܡ ܡܘܬܐ ̈. ܥܕܡܐ ‎ο‏ ܠܒܪܗ ܕܐܢܫܐ ܕܐܿܬܐ ܒ ܡܠܝܟܘܬܗ. ܐܝܢܐ ܓܝܪ
ܢܝܢܐ ܠܘܬ ܗܕܐ ܐܡܪܝܢ ܆. ‎euet‏ ܕܟܠ ܡܕܡ ܕܠܐ ܒܘܚܢܐ ܡܡܸܠܠܝܢ.° ܠܘ ܓܝܪ
ܡܛܠ ܠܐ ܡܫܘܬܘܬܐ ‎Là‏ ܕܒܗܢܐ ‎Has‏ ܠܗܠܚܢ ‎Goo oo‏ ܡܠܠ ܠܘܬ
ܬܠܡ̈ܡܝܕܐ ܕܝܠܗ. ܐܠܐ ܟܕ ܨ ܒܐ ‎pnus.‏ ܡܛܠ ‎Lions‏ ܕܚܝ̈ܐ ܕܥܬܝܕܝܢ.. ‎No‏
‏ܬܫܒܘܝܚܬܐ ܕܒܗܘܢ. ܐܦ ܓܝܪ ‎Se] So Pr‏ ܕܥܝܬܝܕ ܗܘ ܒܪܗ ‎[sols‏ ܕܢܐܬܐ
ܒܬܐܫܒܘܚܬܐ ܕܐܒܘܗܝ ܥܡ ܡܠܝܐܟܝ̈ܘܗܝ. ܘܗܝܕܝܢ ܢܦܪܘܥ ܠܟܠܢܦ ܐܝܟ ܥܒ:ܕ̈ܘܗܝ.
ܟܕ ܙ ܒܐ ܐܝܟ ‎Lis]‏ ܕܠܬܪܥܝܬܗܘܢ ܠܘܬ ܪܘܡܐ ܕܣܒܪܐ ‎où‏ ܢܥܠܝܗܿ. ܕܥܕܟܝܠ
‎αν)‏ ܚܙܝܐ. ܘܠܘܬ ܡܘܟܟܐ ܕܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ ܩܦܝܣܐ. ܘܠܐ ܡܕܡ ° ܕܦܐܐ ܠܐܠܗܐ
ܡܬܚܫܒܐ. ܡܚܕܐ ܐܘܣܦ ܗ̇ܝ ܕܐܡܝܢ ܐܡܿܪ ܐܢܐ ܠܝܟܘܢ: ܕܐܝܬ݀ ܐܢܫܐ ‎eom‏
‏ܗܪܟܐ: ‎«asi‏ ܕܠܐ ‎(aso‏ ܡܘܬܐ.. ܥܕܡܐ ܕܢܚܙܘܢ ܠܒܪܗ ܕܐܢܫܐ ‎JA]‏ ܒܡܠܟܘܬܗ.
ܘܟܕ ܥܬܝܕ ܕܢܣܩ ܠܛܘܪܐ ܠܬܠܬܐ ܬܠܡܝܕܐ.. ܠܦܛܪܘܣ ܘܠܝܥܩܘܒ ܘܝܘܚܢܢ:
ܘܕܢܚܘܐ ‎Lo‏ ܦܢܛܣܝܚܐ ܡܕܡ ܘܝܘܩܢܐ ܕܛܒ ܒܗܘܪ: ܕܡܠܝܟܘܬܐ ‎2à‏ ܕܥܬܝܕܐ
‎Ja salo‏ ܕܝܠܗ: ‎Faso ss‏ ܢܬܠ ‎où‏ ܕܡܚܢܐ ܘܐܟܙ ܢܐ ܛܒܐܝܬܐ ܡܬ ܚܙܝܐ܆. ܠܒܘܐ ܐ

1. Ms. «μων. 2. Ms. om. stop. — 3. Ms. om. 3:

saying is e&pressed in the plural, for Christ did not say ‘someone who shall
not taste death till he see the Son οἱ man coming in his kingdom'. What
answer will the men who speak all their words without examination give to
this? ]t was not in reference to iminortality in this world that our Saviour
himself spoke these things to his own disciples, but because he wished to
supply confirmation in the matter of the promise of ilie future life, and of
the glory that is in it; for in fact a little before he said, « The Son of
man shall come in the glory of his Father with his angels, and then shall he
reward every man according to his works »'. It was because he wished,
as have said, to raise their mind which still saw little and was confined to

Abe lowliness of the dispeusation and had no God-bofitting thoughts 10 the

height of that hope that he immodiately added the saying, ` Verily 1 say
unto you that there are some standing here who shall not taste death till
thev see the Son of man coming in his kiugdoin », and because he was about
lo. Lake the three diseiples, Peter, James, and John, up into the. mountain,
and to show them a phantasii? and very obscure picture of the future kingdom
and of his own glory, and as on a stage give to that which was immediately

1. Malili,, XVI, 27. —— 2. φαντασία.
