29 v? b.

30 r" a.

152 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [322]

ܡܕܡ ܕܡܝܬܪ ܡܛܠܬܢ ‎Xr2‏ ᾿ ܚܕܙܐ.. ܕܠܐ ܒܠܥܕܝܝܢ ܢܬܓܡܡܪܘܢ. ܘܓܠܝܝܐ ܗܝ
ܕܝܢ ܕܔܓܡܝܪܘܬܐ ‎Jo‏ ܡܕܡ ‎bul‏ ܐܝܬܝܗܿ.. ܐܠܐ ‎NI‏ ܬܘܩܢܐ ܕܠܐ ‎Jlolauso‏ ܘܦܒܝܚܝܘܬܐ.
ܘܠܐ ܚܫܘܟܢܘܬܐ ܕܠܐ ‎sea‏ ܕܒܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܕܫܡܝܐ. ܕܗܕܐ ܕܝܢ ܗܟܢܐ ‎ka so son NA]‏
ܘܚܟܚܡ ܒܪܘܚ ܝܘܚܢܢ ‎où‏ ܕܗܘܼܐ ܐܦܣܩܘܦܐ ܕܩܘܣܛܢܛܝܢܦܘܠܝܣ. ܒܡܐܡܪܐ
ܕܥܣܪ̈ܝܢ ܘܬܪ̈ܝܢ ܕܦܘܫܩܐ ܕܐܓܪܬܐ ܕܠܘܬ ܥܒܪ̈ܝܐ܂ ܟܕ ܗܠܝܢ ܡܠܝܦ . ‎Re‏ ܕܝܢ
ܡܥܩܒܝܢ ܕܠܐܝܟܐ ‎Nos . pate ska)‏ ܐܝܕܐ ‎δα]‏ ܘܡܬܛܠ ܡܢܐ ܠܐ ܡܝܬ ܆.
ܘܠܐ ‎og‏ ܘܠܐ ܐܠܝܐ. ‎og le‏ ܕܥܕܟܝܠ ܚܝܚܝܢ.. ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎ques‏ ܘܒܐܝܢܐ ܐܣܟܡܐ. ܐܠܐ
ܡܢ ܝܬܝܪܘ ܕܠܗܠܝܢ ܢܥܩܒ. ܕܐܫܬܢܝ ܓܚܪ ܗܢܐ ܘܕܐܬܥܠܝ ‎oise) où‏ ܟܬܒ̈ܐ.
ܕܐܚܟܐ ܕܝܢ ܐܝܚܬܝܗܘܢ ‎«oo NA] Lin) οἱ‏ ܠܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܐܘܣܦܘ. ܡܕܡ ܓܝܪ ܝܬܝܪ
ܡܢ ܐ ܗܠܝܢ ‎RS‏ ܥܠܝܗܝܢ ܠܐ ܐܡܪܝܢ. ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ܗܼܘ ܡܠܦܢܐ ܬܘܪܓܡܥܐ ܐܡܪ
ܒܩܘܣܛܢܛܝܢܦܘܠܝܣ ܒܥܕܬܐ ‎«σου‏ ܐܢܣܬܛܣܝܐ:. ܡܛܠ ܦܬܓܡܐ ‎JAY‏
‎sp]. où‏ ܡܟܝܠ ‎au] me)‏ ܒܡܪܢ ܘܒܐܘܚܕܢܐ ‎au)‏ ܘܟܕ ܝܘܡܐ ܕܝܠܗ
ܕܕܘܟܪܢܐ ܕܣܗ̈ܕܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ. ܘܗܼܘ ܡܿܠܝܟܐ ܐܬܐ ܠܒܝܝܬ ܣܝܗ̈ܕܐ ܘܢܝ ܩܝܕܡ

1. Ms. sing. — 2. Me. - ($ \

is nothing else except a state of immortality and glorv, and impassibility,
that does not grow old, in the kingdom of heaven. That this is so is
confirmed by John also the wise in the Spirit, who became bishop of Con-
stantinople, in the 22" homily of the commentary on the Epistle to the
Hebrews, where he gives the following teaching : « But many inquire whither
Enoch was trauslatled, and why he was translated, and why he did not die,
neilher he nor Elijah, and, if they are still living, how they arc living,
and iu what form. But it is superfluous for us to inquire into these things.
For that the one was translated and tlie other was taken up the Scriptures
staled; but where they exist or how they exist they did not go on to say;
for thev do not say anything beyond whal is necessary »'.. Aud the same
doctor delivered an expository discourse in Constantinople in tlie church. of
Marth Anastasia? about the saying of the apostle who says, « llenceforth,
my brethren, be strong in our Lord and in the power of his might »*, and, it
being the day of the actual commemoration of the martyrs, and the king

1. In. Ep. ad Heb. tom. xxr, 8(ed. Field). —. In Ihe Greek lille itis called {he church or S. Thomas,
and νο hiblieal cilation and the menlion of 1116 martyrs are absent, — 3. pr. v1, 10.
