[307] LNXXIH. ΤῸ JOIIN. 137

‎«ὦ‏ ܐܠܐ ( ܢܡܘܣܐ ܡܩܝܡܝܢܢ)'. ܟܕ ܡܫܘܕܥ ܠܦܘܩܕܢܐ ܐܝܟ ‎Lao‏ ܘܟ )ܙܐ
ܘܛܒ: ‎NOTONS Poe yo‏ ܕܓܒܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܕܒܢܚܝܡܘܣ ܐ ܢܝܐܚ ܘܢ ܡܢ ܒܬ ܪ
ܡܝܫܝܬܘܕܥ .ܢܘܐܐ ܕܫܪܪܐ ܡܟܪܐܢܐܝܬ ‎asso‏ ܐܬܒܠܛܠܬܘܢ ܡܢ ‎Loos o‏ ܗܶܢܘܢ
ܕܒܢܡܘܣܐ ܡܙܕܕܩܝܢ ‎ou]‏ ܡܢ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܢܦܕܠܬܘܢ܀ ܡܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܓܚܪ ܠܐ
ܡܬ̈ܡܨܝܢܝܬܐ | ‎o LAN‏ ܟܕ ‎ωοι‏ ܡܠܬܐ ‎Ses‏ ܬܐ ܢܐ]ܡܪ: ܘܕܩܝܡ̣ܬ
ܓܠ ܫ ]ܐܬܐ ‎ΠΝ.‏ ܘܕܢܬܕܡܿܪ > ܡܶܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܒܟܐܢܬܐ ܘܛܒܬܐ: ‎NS‏ ܕܝܢ
ܕܒܙܘܕܐ ‎ger I‏ ܘܕܡܢ ‎flo.)‏ ܕܒܡܫܝܚܐ ‎[ss]‏ ܢܥܪܪ. ‎Ji. Naso‏
^ ܟܡܐ ܟܡܐ .. ܕܠܐܘܚܕܬܐ ܕܡܝܐ ܗܝ ‎xls Jj] y‏ ܡܢ ܦܘܢܟܐ܆. ܟܕ ‎Mat‏
‏[ܩ̈ܠܐ ܕ)ܓܪܝܓܪܝܘܣ ‎wma ol cài‏ ܡܕܕܝܢܢ. ܡܫܝܚܐ ܓܚܪ ‎once]‏ ܦܬܘܪܗ
ܕܟܬ ‎[Rs‏ ܡܠܝܢܗ ܕܝܢ ܕܪܘܚܐ. ܢܩܦ ܗܟܝܚܠ ‎Los ny‏ ܕܐܫܬܡܠܝ.
ܐܪܘܡܐ ‎J^ OQ SJ MK dense D ο.»‏ ܩܠܝܠܬܐ ‎ωόι‏ ܕܡܠܬܐ ,+ ܒܘܝ
‎Ee wr‏ ܟܕ ܒܢܛܘܪ̈ܘܬܐ ‎AH)‏ ܓܘܫܝ̈ܡܢܝܬܐ܂ ‎Ke κ, EN‏ ܐܝܢ ܐܡܠ .ܪ
‎L4 ν]ο où Jil ὍΜἝ))‏ ܕܐܫܬܪܝ ܟܬܒܝܐ ]43 ܐܢܬ ‎οοι A‏ ܢܡܘܣܐ܆. ܒܗܝ
ܕܐܡ̣ܪܬ:. ܕܦܘܠܘܣ ‎ook‏ ܕܢܡܘܣܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ. ‎NOR‏ ܐܢܬ: ܡܢ ܗܠܝܢ

‎1. Ms. om. — 2. Ms. om.

‎commandment as 'holy and just and good'', aud in another sorrowfully
crying to those who chose after recognition of the truth to live by the law,
« Ye who are justified in the law have been annulled [rom Christ, ve have
fallen from grace »°. It is a thing impossible that of the same olject he
should say that it has been annulled and openly confess that it has been
established, and that he should admire it as just and good, while he rejects
those who are justified in this and asserts that they have fallen from
the grace that is in Christ. For it seems to some extent likely that we
(shall remove] the enigma ..... from doubt if we look carefullv at tlie words
of Gregory the "lheologian?; for he called Christ ‘the subverter of the
letter, but the fulliller of the spirit”. Let us therefore cleave to the law
inasmuch as it lias been fulfilled, but let us neglect it, let us make haste
to eradicate it with the swilt foot of the word inasmuch as it lias been
abolished, rightly treating 118 bodily observances with contempt. Nay.
you say, but that holy man says that the letter was abolished, while vou
say the law, inasmuch as you said that Paul is a subverter of the law.
Rather ..... from what we have said you have the certain trnth which

‎1. Rom., vit, 12. — 2. Gal, v, (1 — 3. θεολόγος.
D
