[335] ΝΕ]. — TO CONSTANTINE. 165

ot

., ‏ܒܐܬ ܪܐ ܥܡܗܘܢ ܠܡܿܪܝܚܢ ܗܘܘ‎ où ‏ܗܿܢܘܢ‎ Lis Hn» ‏ܪܗܛܐ‎ exo Rap?
‏ܒܕܡܘܬܐ‎ às ‏ܕܒܡ̈ܚܘܬܐ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܚܬܐ ܓܕܫܬ ܗܘܬ.'‎ 2à ‏ܒܗܕܐ ܡܚܘܬܐ ܠܐ ܐܪܓܥܘ.‎
JS ‏ܕܣܓܝܐܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ‎ où ‏ܐܡܪ ܘܓܪܝܓܘܪܝܘܣ ܐܦܣܩܦܐ ܙܕܢܘܣܝܐ.‎
3l ‏ܕܐܠܪܘܝ̈ܬܐ܇. ܒܡܟܬܒܢܘܬܐ ܗܝ ܕܡܛܠ ܡܝܬܪܘܬܐ ܥܡܝܠܐ ܠܗ ܗܠܝܢ.‎

‎οι‏ ܓܝܪ ܟܠܗ ܟܝܢܐ | ܕܡܝ̈ܐ ‎xe pe»‏ ܐܝܟ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ ܕܡ ܘܘ ܐ ܠܕܘ .ܐ
ܐܫܬܚܠܦ. ܘܢܘ̈ܢܐ ܐܬܚܒܠܘ. ‎κου ο‏ ܒܣܪܢܝܬܐ ‎sed] Lise qase‏
‎Lis‏ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ ܡܠܝܢ ‎où * c001‏ ܕܡܐ ܡܝ̈ܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ‎«οσο!‏ ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܗܼܘܐ
)8.5 ܠܐܘܡܢܘܬܐ܇. ܕܒܡ̈ܡܝܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܠܘܬ ‎pa‏ ܡܫܬܟܚܝܝܢ܇. ܕܠܕܡܘܬܐ 5699
‎Ner‏ ܢܬܚܟܡܘܢ. ܗܺܝ ܕܝܢ ܕܐܡܝܪܐ ܒܟܬܒܐ ܩܕܡܝܐ ܕܡܠܟܘ̈ܐܐ': ܠܘܬ
‎Pa‏ ܟܗܢܐ: ܡܝܢ ‎[ao‏ ܕܘܝܕ: ‎:Lis Leo) Loi el‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܡܬܩܕܢܐ

‎Ε

‏ܝܘܡܢܐ ‎Las‏ ܐܢܐ ‎κο‏ ܚܬܝܬܐܝܬ ܘܢܗܝܪܐܝܬ ‎σοι «ἱ‏ ܕܡܬܩܪܝܐ܆.
‎A‏ : ܐܢ © ܕ

‎om‏ ܗܕܝܪܐ ܡܢ ܫܡܫܐ: ܘܕܡܚܪܪܐ ܡܝܢ ܟܠܗܿ ܥܡܘܛܘܬܐ ܡܬܚܙܝܐܿ. )#0 ܡܶܢ

‏ܓܝܪ ܫܐܠ ܠܚܡܐ ܠܡܐܟܘܠܬܐ. ‎Lis‏ ܕܝܢ ‎Jos‏ ܘܐܡܼܪ. ܕܠܝܬ ܠܚܡܐ ‎Lis‏

‎1. Ms. with pointe, + — 2. Ms. with point : iollowing. — 3. Ms, sing. — ^. Ms. ‏ܗܝ‎ - 5, Ms, où. |

‎"παι is ἃ disappearance of the moon, nor' the course of nature, the Hlobrews
who were living in the same country with !liem were not affected hy this
plague, a thing which happened in the other plagues ». After a similar
manner Gregory also bishop of Nyssa, who was great in the knowledge
ol diviue things, in the treatise which he composed about virtue said these
things : he said : « For then all the nature of the waters in Egypt was in
accordance with Moses’ command turned 10 blood, and the fish were de-
stroyed, because the water was converted to fleshlike density: but Γιο
Hebrews, when they drew the blood, had water?. "l'herefore there arose
an occasion for the display of skill, that with the water found among the
Mebrews they might in a dofective manner contrive to produce the appoar-
ance of blood »*. The words used in the I* Book of Kingdoms to Alitmelech
the priest by the holy David, « Is the journey itsell also profane? * because it
will be hallowed to-day by means of my implements », if it is very carefully
and clearly read, is seen to be much plainer than the sun, and to be free
from all obseurity. David asked for bread to eat; aud the priest answered
and said, « There are no profane loaves under my hands; but there are holy

‎l|. Sic Syr. — 2. Greg. τοῖς 10 ἀρυομένοις μόνοις ὕδωρ τὸ αἷμα ἦν. ‏.ܘ‎ P. εἰς, NLIV, 308. — ^. The
ambiguity between allirmalive and interrogative (see below) cannot be preserved.
