17 τὸ b.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [334]‏ ^16
ܕܝܠܗܘܢ ‎λαο»)‏ ܢܝܚܘܘܢ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ‎JLoM‏ ܐܠܗܝܐ: ‎y‏ ܡܐ ‎ey)‏ ܘܛܒ
ܡܦܠܔܓܢܐܝܬ ܐܣܬ ܘܠ 1: ܡܠܦܢܐ ‎Jaune‏ ܝܘܚܢܝܢ ‎yh «xol‏ ܡܐ ܕܟܠ
‎Les μας.‏ ܡܶܢ ‎Vues) MSN . lon SAC] flasass 2à‏ ܕܝܢ ܢܘܗܪܐ.
ܘܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܡܛܠ ܪ̈ܡܟܐ: ܘܥܠ ‎«οι‏ ܕܬܚܝܬ ܢܝܪܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܟܕ ܡܝܬܝܢ: ܗܠܝܢ
ܕܗܿܢܘܢ ܡܟܬܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܕܠܐ ܢܟܚܝܢ. ܘܥܠ ܡܒܚܘܬܐ ܕܒܪܕܐ: ܐܝܟܐ ܕܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ
‎Kio) is‏ ܒܐܪܥܐ ܕܓܫܝܢ.. ܠܐ ܗܘܐ ܒܪܕܐ. ܒܗ ‎No ΟΝ ΟΣ Lys‏
ܟܠܗܝܢ ܡܚ̈ܘܬܐ܇ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܗܝܢ ܐܚܝܕܐ ܗܘܬ.. ܘܗ̇ܝ ܕܫܘܚܠܦܐ ܕܡܢ ܡܝ̈ܐ ܠܕܡܐ.
ܘܙܪܩ ܕܬܬܗܝܡܢ ܕܒܐܪܥܐ ‎CENE‏ ܘܐܝܟܐ ܕܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ° ܗܘܘ ܒܢܺܝ ܐܝܣܪܐܝܠ..
ܒܟܝܢܐ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ: ‎Los‏ ܡܝ̈ܐ ‎ix»‏ ܐܝܣܪܐܝܠ ‎Jh‏ ܫܘܚܠܦܐ ܟܬܪܘ. ܕܒܝܗܘܢ
ܡܨܝܐ ܗܘܬ܇. ܕܗܼܢܘܢ ‎Lie‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܘܡܢܘܬܐ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ ܢܚܘܘܢ. ܐܝܟ ܕܒܡܪܗܛܢܘܬܐ
‎REN‏ ܐܝܬ ܒܗܝܢ ܗܟܢܐ ܒܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܸܡܝܕܲܢ ܠܡܠܦܢܐ. ‎Ao Ια... del‏ ܘܛܒ
ܫܒܝܚܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ‎2à slew‏ ܕܟܕ ‎Less)‏ ܒܟܠܕܘܟ ‎sjonse‏ ܒܡܨܪܝܢ ‎βα..‏
‏ܢܬܚܙܐ. ܘܒܗܕܐ ܕܝܢ܂ ܠܘ ܒܟܠܗܿ. ܐܠܐ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܐܝܟܐ ܕܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ ‎LS se‏ ܕܠܐ
ܓܪ ܐܢܫ ܢܐܡܪ ;| ‎mans.‏ ܗܢܘ ܕܚܢ ܚܤܝܪܘܬ ܣܗܪܐ ‎GA]‏ ܗܘܬ ‎St‏

‎1. Ms, ‏ܐܣܬܦܠܗ‎ — 2, Ms, pole — 3, Ms, emen ds ἐγ.

‎the water back to its own appearance and nature, in order tliat the magicians
might show their own skill on the other side. But the wise doctor John,
since he understood the divine power as is right and in verv discerning
fashion, said that, as in the case of the darkness the Egyptians had that
darkness, while the sons of Israel had light, and, as in the matter of the
herds, and in the case of the voke-animals when they died, those belonging
to the Israelites remained unharmed, and, in tlie ease of the plague of hail,
where the sons of Israel were in the land of Goshen no 11011 fell, in tlie same
way you should understand as regards all the plagues too, among which
that change from water to blood was also included, aud it must be believed
that in the land of Goshen, and where the sous of Israel were, the water
remained for the sons of Israel in its own nature without change, in which
it was possible for the magicians to show the perlormances of their own
skill. Among the words uttered by the doctor 15 contained the following
passage by way of summary : » ‘Ile sent darkness and made it dark ''; and
1 was a very glorious faet that, while the ray shone everywhere, in Egypt
darkness appeared; and there not throughout, but only where the Egyptians
were. For, lest any one should say that what happened was au eclipse?,

‎L Ps. ον, 28. 2, ἔχλειψις.
