[337 | ΧΕΙ. — TO CONSTANTINE. 167

ܘܠܐܦ̈ܝ ܫܘܠܡܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܟܬܒܐ ܕܬܪ̈ܝܢ ܐܡܿܪ: ܒܡܢܝܢܐ ܘܒܚܘܫܒܐ ‎los‏ ܚܝ̈ܠܘܬܐ:
‎οἱ‏ ܟܝܬ ܪ̈ܝܫܝ ° ܣܕܖ̈ܐ ܕܕܘܝܕ ‎Lo‏ ܢܚܪܝ ° ܒܪܘܬܝܐ ‎Nos‏ ܡ̈ܐܢܐ ܕܝܘܐܒ ܒܪ
‎Lio‏ ܠܗܕܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܪܟܐ ‎£l‏ ܕܘܝܕ. ܕܐܼܦ ‎qme‏ ܛܠ̈ܝܐ ܕܟܝܢ ܐܢܘܢ. ܡܛܠ
‎μμὸ cuc‏ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ. ܘܗܠܝܢ ܗܟܐ ܟܕ ܥܪܩ ܡܢ ܬܐܘܠ. ‎Jo‏ ܛܥܝܢ ‎Jay‏
‏ܒܕܓܘܢ ܘܢܕܐܠ ܡܢ ܟܗܢܐ ܟܕ ܐܸܡܿܪ. ܚܙܝ ܐܢ ‎où‏ ܕܐܝܬ ‎[so‏ ܬܚܝܬ ‎yel‏
‏ܪܘܡܝܚܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܣܚܦܐ. ܡܛܠ ܕܣܝܟܝ ܘܡܐܢܝ ܠܐ ‎Nas‏ ܒܐܝܕܝ. ܡܛܠ ܕܡܠܬܗ
ܕܡܥܠܟܐ ܡܣܪܗܒܐ ‎lon‏ ܘܝܬܐܝܪܐܝܬ ܡܢ ܡܢ ‎«οι‏ ܕܐܡܝܕ̈ܢ ‎bio‏ ܓܠܝܐ ܗܝ .
ܕܗ̇ܢܘܢ ܕܠܡܣܬܕܪܘ ܢܦܩܝܢ ܗܘܘܼ ܡܬܕܟܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܛܒ ° ܕܝܢ ܢܗܝܪܐܝܬ ܡܬܝܕܥܐ
‎S‏ ܘܡܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܬܢܝܢ ܢܡܘܣܐ ‎TN wel Ares‏ ܐܢ ܗܼܘ ܕܝܢ ‎"EU.‏
‏ܐܢܬ ܠܥܘܩܒܠ ‎Specs‏ ܛܪ ‎χλ9.‏ ܡܢ ܟܠ ‎Hans [eo‏ ܘܐܢ ‎oct‏
‎Ro‏ ܒܟ ܒܪܢܫܐ: ‎ael‏ ܕܠܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܕܟܝܐ ܡܝܢ ܡܪܕܝܬܗ ܕܒܠܠܝܐ.. ܢܦܘܩ ‎X»‏
‏ܡܝܢ ܡܫܪܝܬ| ܘܠܐ ܢܥܘܠ ‎Jia‏ ܘܢܗܘܐ }9 ܪܡܫܐ ܢܣܚܐ ܦܓܪܗ ܒܡ̈ܝܐ:
ܘܐܡܬܝ ܕܥܪܼܒܬ ܫܡܫܐ ܢܥܘܠ ܠܡܫܪܿܝܬܐ. ‎Jool'o‏ ܠܟ ܕܘܟܬܐ ܠܒܪ ܡܢ ‎T WE‏

1. 215. 7. — 2. μυ 3, Ms, ur

of Kingdoms, in which it is stated that Saul said Lo his weapon-carrier, « Draw
thy sword and transfix me with it » '. And towards the end of the 97
book he says, in the numeration and reckoning of the generals or commandoers
of the divine David, € Naharai tlie Berothite, weapon-carrier of Joab the son
of Zeruiah »?, This theu is what David here said, « Even the slaves them-
selves are pure, because they are weaponbearers »; and this now when he
had fled from Saul, and was not carrying arms. Wherelore also he asked
the priest saying, « See if there he here under thine haud a spear or a
sword, because I did not take my sword and my weapons in mine hand,
because the king's word was pressing »?. And from what is here stated
especially it is manifest that. those who went out lor the purpose of being
rauged in order of battle were purified. And this 15 very clearly recognised
also from the commandments given in Deutero- nomy; for he says : « If
thou go out against thine enemies, keep thysell [rom every evil action.
And, if there be among thee ἃ man who is not pure from his discharge al
night, he shall go outside the camp and shall not come into the camp. And
it shall be that towards evening he shall bathe his body in water, and,

1. I Heg., xxxi, 4. — 2. II Reg., ντ, 27. — 3.1 Reg., XXI, 8.

18 r° b,
