E 47 = ‏ܥ‎

T 29 ve,

188
ܒܛܘܦܣܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܐܫ̈ܢܐ ܗܘ̈ܝܢ ܠܗܘܢ'!.
ܘܟܠܝܗܘܢ ܗܕ̈ܡܝܐ ‎Lin); Jie‏
ܕܐܬܕܒܪܘ ܥܡ ‎μ.ο”‏ ܕܘܒܪܐ ܕܡܝܬܐܪܘܬ|܂ْ
‎οἱ‏ ܒܫܘܒ .ܚܐ ܢܫܬܘܬܦܘܢ. ܠܘ ܓܝܪ
ܡܛܠ ‎y‏ ܠܝܕܐ ܥܬܝܩܐ ‎Vn‏
‎Axes‏ ܐܢ ܓܝ ܪ ‎Lucio | DEN‏
‎Naso Lis so‏ ܢܩ ܝܢܝܢ: ‎Lits‏
‏ܗܥܝܢ ܕܥܬܐܝܕܚܢ ‎OO Lis) μα» Jo‏
ܡܟܝܚܠ ‎Las + QAR ao‏

LETTERS OF SEVERUS.

]358[
ܘܫ̈ܢܐ ܥܬܝܕܝܢ ܕܢܗܘܐ ‎oo‏ , - 9/0 ܟܠܗܘܢ
ܗ̈ܕܡܐ ܕܦܓܪܐ. ‎hol?‏ ܕܐܟܚܕܐ ‎Jem]‏
‏ܥܡ ܢܦܬܐ ܕܘܒܪܐ ܗܽܘ ܕܡܝܬܪܘܬ|̇. ܘܐܟܚܝܕܐ
ܢܥܬܘܬܦܘܢ ܒܝܬܫܒܘܚܝܬܐ. ܠܘ ‎ο‏
‏ܐܟܡܿܢ ‎où Je IET‏ ܥܝܬܝܩܐ
ܢܬܚܕܫܚܘܢ. ܐܦ ܓܚܪ ܐܸܢ ܥܠ ܡܐܟܠܬܐ
ܡܬܪ̈ܓܫܢܢܝܬܐ ‎Joot.‏ ܠܢ ‎Ja‏
‏ܘܣܢܝܩܘܬܐ: ‎Luis‏ ܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܠܝܼܬܝܕܝܢ ‎Jo‏
‎Ja. Los‏ ܗܝ ܡܟܝܠ ‎KV?‏ ܐܦ
ܢܚܺܬܐ ܕܡܢ ܥܡܪܐ° ܘܠܗܠܝܢ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܬܐ|܀

€ ܕܥܠܝܡܐ ‎Jokmso |-ῤ---α-» Janus DEN Lio‏ ܕܒܫܘܚܠ ܟܦ ܐ
ܕܙܒ̈ܢܐ ܕܫܪܟܐ ܡܬܟܪܟ. ܐܠܐ ܛܒ ܝܕܝܥܐ: ܕܡܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܡܓܗܝܢ ܐܢܘܢ ܚܚ̈ܝܐ
ܕܡܣܬܟܝܢ. ܟܕ ‎JS‏ ܫܒܝܠܚܘܬ| ܕܚܘܕܼܪܐ. ‎où‏ ܕܠܙܒܢܐ ܗܢܐ ܙܩܝܪ. ܘܚܕ ܝܘܡܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
‎où‏ ܬܡܝܢܚܐ. ‎AJ‏ ܐ̱ܚܪܢܐ ܕܡܥܒܪ ܠܗ. ܘܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܕܠܐ ܪܡܫܐ. ܐܢ ܗܟܝܠ ܟܫܡܝܐ
‎Je‏ ܘܐܪܥܐ ܚܕܬܐ ܘܡܬܚܐ ܕܙܒܢܐ ܚܕܬܐ': ܕܒܫܚܘܡܐ ܢܚܕ ܕܠܐ ܫܘܠܡܐ ܡܬܝܕܥ:
° ܘܠܘ ‎fs‏ ܘܠܠܝܠܘ̈ܐ(̈̄ ܡܬܦܠܓ.. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܠܘ ‎Jo Je Las‏ ܝܕܝܥܝܢ

1. Mss. ‏ܘܝܢ ܠܗܝܢ‎ ον αν. — 9,
κυρά ο ‏ܠܠܬܝܠܘܬܐ‎

Ms, ‏ܬ ܐܟܡܬܢ ܕܐܟܚܨܐ ܐܬܕܟܚܘ‎ — 3, Ms. hào — 4. FR om. — ὅ. ΕΝ

teeth and all the members of the body, that, as thev lave together with the
soul practised habits of virtue, they may also partake of the glory; for it is
not in order that they may make use of these according to the ancient cus-
tom. Jf we erave for and need sensual food in the future painless lile, it is
then time to desire also clothes made of wool, and the other things which
this life shows to be necessarv, in the summer and in the winter which comes
round in the succession of the other seasons. But jt is very certain that
the expected life is free from all these things. since the seven days’ circle
which makes up the existing time ceases, and there is one day the eighth,
TÉ then there is
a new heaven and a new earth and a new course of time expressed in one
endless day and not divided into days and nights, how is it anything but

reasonable to. expeet that the new life which is unknown to us and is not

oue which has none to succeed it and is without evening.

1. Sce ep. 70, 80,
