‎NCVI, — TO SOLON. 183‏ ]353[
‎Ἰνδοῦ‏ ܡܫܝܚܐ ܒܝܕ ܡܬܒܣܪܢܘܬܗ ‏ ܥܠܝ ܠܢ ‎οἱ‏ ܡܒܥܐܐ . ‎b‏ ܗܝ. ܗܕܐ ܕܝܢ
ܥܕܡܐ ܠܬܐ ܡܬܚܒܠܢܘܬܐ ܬܬܪܢܐ ‎οὐ sjlase) ολο‏ ܕܛܥܡܬܐ ܡܪܝܪܬܐ ܕܠܐ
ܡܫܬܡܥܢܘܬܐ ܝܠܕܬ. ° ܕܠܢܨܚܢ̈ܐ ܕܝܢ ܘܟ̈ܠܝܠܐ ܕܥܒܪܝܢ ‎καν‏ ܩܪܐ ܠܢ
ܥܡܢܘܐܝܠ: ܟܕ ܠܝܬܘܪܙ̈ܨܐ ‎s‏ ܙܘ̈ܕܐ ܕܥܘܕܪ̈ܢܐ ܝܬܝܪ̈ܐ ܠܒܕ. ܘܕܠܝܘ ܠܦܝܪܕܝܝܣܐ
ܡܥܠܐ ܠܢ ܡܢ ܕܪܝܫ: ܐܠܐ ܚܕܬܐܝܬ ܡܥܠ ܠܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܕܫܡܝܐ.. ܓܠܝܐ ܘܠܐ
ܡܡܬܘܡ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܕܦܘܫܟܐ. ‎el‏ ܠܐ ‎oum) D‏ ܛܠ ܘܡܝܢ. ‎So‏ ܕܠܐ
ܢܣܕܬܒܪ ܕܟܕ ܒܫܟ̈ܚܬܐ ‎ο‏ ܡܬܚܫܚܝܢܢ: ܡܥܝܪܝܢܝܢ ܠܗ ܠܫܡܝܘܥܐ ܠܘܬ
ܡܠܬܐ ܕܠܩܘܒܠܐ.. ܡܢ ܝܬܝܪܘ ܠܢܡܘ̈ܣܐ ܕܠܒܚ̈ܫܝ ܠܐܠܗܐ ܡܩܪ̈ܒܝ ܨܝܕ ܐ̱ܪ̈ܙܝܗܿܐ
ܕܥܕܬܐ ܢܣܚܝܡ. ܕܣܦܩܝܢ ܕܩܕܡ ܠܫ̈ܬܫܝܢ ܢܝܬܘܢ ‎Las,‏ ܕ݁ܡܶܠܳܐ ܐܠܪܘܝ̈ܬܐ. ܟܬܒ
‎Rd‏ ܓܝܪ ܓܪܝܓܪܝܘܣ ‎οὐδ‏ ܡܡܠܠ ‎IRON‏ ܒܡܐܡܪܐ ‎Los No où‏
ܐܠܗܝܐ: ܟܕ ܡܛܠ ܡܬܒܣܪܢܘܬܐ ‎sas‏ ܗܟܢܐ. ܗܕܐ ܡܝܢ ܗܺܝ ܩܕܡܝܬܐ ܝܬܝܪ
ܕܡܝܐ ܠܐܠܗܐ. ܗܕܐ ܠܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܐܝܬ ܠܗܘܢ ‎bou‏ ܝܬܝܪ ܡܥܠܝܐ. ܐܸܢ ܕܝܢ ܝܬܝܪ
ܐܝܬܝܪܘ 3 ܕܡܝܘܬܐ ܕܒܐܠܗܐ: ܘܛܒ ܡܥܠܝܐ ܡܝܢ ܓܒܝܠܬܐ ܕܡܢ 23^ ܝܕܝܥܐ

‎0

‎Ju ‏ܠܗܶܢܘܢ ܕܡܝܢ‎ LA Loto ‏ܕܛܒ ܡܥܠܝܐ‎ ^en. eo] Nen. ko ‏ܗܝ .. ܕܠܘܬ‎

‎1. F ocals. — 2. FK om. — 3. F ‏ܕ ܬܐܘܥܘܓܘܣ‎ K ‏ܬܐܠܓܘܣ‎ — 4, K etel, — 3. T" ‏ܕܦܛܐܣܛܣܝܣ‎

‎from the truth only. That Christ by means of his Incarnatiou raised or
raises us to these primitive conditious is certain. Bul this must be understood
as far as concerns incorruption and the abolition of death, to which the bitter
taste enjoyed by disobedienee gave birth. That Emmanuel invites us to
prizes and crowns that surpass the primitive state, making our right actions
means of support for further assistance, and that he does not vaise us to
Paradise again, but introduces us in a new fashion into the kingdom ol
heaven, is manifest aud is never a matter of doubt, not even to those who
are very perverse. And, in order that we may not be thought to be rousing
the hearer to maintain tlie contrary argument by using our own inventions,
we will as a superlluity cite the laws of the God-clad 5 guides to the mysteries!
of the church, which suffice to bring before our eyes the meaning of the
divine words. Gregory tlie Theologian in the homilv on the divine Epiphany
in speaking about the Incarnation wrote thus : « This is more godlike than
the former. This to those who have intelligence is higher »?. — But, if there
is more likeness to God, and it is higher thau a new creation, it is manifest
that it leads tliose who are formed anew to a higher and more divine condi-

‎1. This phrase represents µνσταγωγοί. — 2. Or. XXxvitt, 13.

‎Uv? bh.

‎E 96 r* a.
