[331] Χαν — TO CONSTANTINE. 101

ܘܠܐ ‎«5ου‏ ܐܫܬܘܕܝ ܠܐܕܡ ܕܕܚܠܬܗ ܘܪܥܠܬܗ ‎Je Na joke‏ ܘܠܐ ‎aa‏
‏ܠܫܘܡܠܝܐ ‎«1ος où‏ ܐܫܬܘܕܝ ܕܡܐܐ ܘܥܣܕ̈ܝܢ ‎is‏ ܗܘܝܢ ‎Koons‏ ܕܒܛܝܢܬܐ܂.
ܘܩܕܡ« ܬܚܘܡܐ܂ ‎χω‏ 5 ܐܝܬܝ. ܘܒܗܠܝܢ ܕܠܩܘܟܒܬܐ ܗܼܢܝܢ ܕܢ ܗܼܢܝܢ
ܐܝܬ ‎μα‏ ܓܙܡ« ܠܚܝܙܩܝܐ ܡܘܬܐ܂ ܘܐܗܦܟܗ. ܓܙܡ ܠܢܝܢ̈ܘܝܐ ܗܦܘܟܝܐ..
‎CSS SOLA. $0‏ ܟܕ ܡܚܘܐ ܕܠܐ ܛܒ̈ܬܐ ‎«MI Jo‏ ܕܡܥܫ̈ܩܝܢ ܒܗ ܒܬ ܘܕܘܗܝ
ܣܫ̈ܡܝܢ. ܐܠܐ ܘܒܗܠܚܝܢ »423 ‎A]‏ 99 ܓܚܪ ܕܓܙܡ ܡܕܡ ‎fans‏
‏ܡܫܬܚܠܦܝܢ ܕܚܢ ‎v‏ ܕܡܩܒܬܝܢ ܠܗ ܠܓܙܡܐ.. ܕܝܢ ܡܢܗܘܢ ܠܝܪܘܓܙ|.
ܐܢ ܕܝܢ ܢܫܬܘܕܐ ܡܕܡ ܕܛܒ: ܢܬܚܙܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܕܠܐ ‎es‏ ܢܬܓܠܙܘܢ. ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ
ܐܡܪ ‎Ge] fas‏ ܥܠ ܥܡܐ ܘܥܠ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ:° ‎μον‏ ܘܠܡܕܒ: ܐܢ ‎wc!‏
‏ܐܡܿܥܪ ܢܐܬܚܙܘܢ ܕܠܐ ܟܘܝܢ.,. ‎JI «οι MW‏ ܘܟܝܠ ܢܝܬܘܢ ܠܢ ܠܬܘܘܪ̈ܝܚܘܗܝ
‎Joi,‏ ܐܠܐ ‎«σα.‏ ܐܢ ܗܼܘ ܕܕܫܘܝܢ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܐܬܚܙܝܘ. ܐܠܐ ܠܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܗܘܢ ܕܢܚܘܘܢ.
ܡܛܠ ‎je‏ ܠܘܬ ‎el bg‏ ܗܳܝ ܓܝܪ ܕܒܬܪܥܟ ܢܬܒܪܟܘܢ ܟܠܗܘܢ ‎psa»‏
‏ܒܕܘܡ ܠܐ ܡܫܟܚܝܢ ܕܢܚܘܘܢ ܕܥܠܫܗܘܢ ‎Mass‏ ܠܘܬܗ ܕܝܠܗ ܕܦܘܠܔܓܐ ܟܝܬܐ

|. Ms. ‏ܬܫܘܘܝܢ‎ — 2, Me, ‏ܕܐܝܬܝ‎

from the river of Egvpt fo the Euphrates, and did not give it. Ile promised
Adam to lay the fear and dread of him upon the animals, and the promise
was not brought to completion. Ile promised that the life of men should
be 120 vears, and he brought the punishment before the term. And in the
opposite cases the same things are to be seen. Ile threatened Hezekiah
with death, and turned it away. He threatened the Ninevites with over-
throw, and dispelled the wrath, showing that neither good things nor painful
things depend on him only, but also on the recipients. For, if he threaten
something grievous, and those ho receive the threat change, they repel the
wrath from them. — Bnt, if he promise something good, and they show
themselves to be unworthy, they will be deprived. — Therefore he says, * 1 will
speak a determination against a people and agaiust à kingdom, to build
and to plant”, but, *if' he says ‘they are seen to be unworthy, 1 will not
bring these things”. Let them nol therefore bring God's promises before
us, but let them show if they were seen to be worthy of these. But they
cannot show it : therefore they passed to others. For we nowhere find that
they are able to show that the words ‘In thy seed shall all the nations be
blessed '' were fulfilled of them »?..— It is the same dillienlty and elucidation

l. Gen. xxri, 18. — 2, The commentars on Ps civ is lost.
PATR. OR, — VO XIV. — ‏.ܐܐ‎ 1. 11

16 r? b.
