[341] , NC. — TO ARCHELAUS. 171

ܕܢܐܠܦܘܢ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܗܢܘܢ ܕܠܟܪܘܙܘܬܐ ܕܐܘܢܓܠܝܘܢ ‎τ Es a‏ ܕܠܘܬ ‎Le‏
‏ܕܥܬܝܕܝܢ܇. ‎oio‏ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܛܘܒܬܢܘܬܐ ‎[sc‏ ܠܗܘܢ . ܘܕܥܠ ܚܫ̈ܐ ܗܠܝܢ ‎Dion‏
‎laco κου) ess‏ ܡܘܬܐ ܨܒܝܢܐܝܬ ܢܪܗܛ. ܒܚ̈ܙܒܥܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܕܝܬܩܐ ܥܬܝܩܬܐ.
ܕܐܝܟ ܗܠܝܢ ܬܡܚܙܘ̈ܬܐ ܐܣܬܥܪ. ܟܕ ܒܢ̈ܝܢܫܐ ܠܐ ‎Rosso‏ ܥܕܟܝܠ ܣܝܡܝܢ
ܗܘܘ. ܘܟܪܝܪܘܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܒܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ. ܘܠܐ ܡܫܟܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܕܢܩܒܠܘܢ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܡܛܠ
ܩܝܡܬܐ:. ° ܘܢܗܝܡܢܘܢ ܡܫܪܪܐܝܬ ܕܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܦܘܪܫܢܐ ‎Laos,‏ ܘܕܦܓܪܐ܆:. ܕܡܫܟܚܐ
ܕܗܠܝܢ ܕܚܕܐ ܙܒܝܢ ܡܝܬܘ ܬܘܒ ܐ ܢܗܦܟܘܢ ܠܘܬ ܚܝ̈ܐ. ܕܫܘܠܡܐ ܓܝܪ ܓܘܢܝܐ
ܣܒܠ ܝܘܚܢܢ ‎een S οἱ‏ ܠܘ ܚܢܢ ‎Jos sas‏ ܡܘܕܝܢܢ.. ‎Jii‏ ܘܗܠܝܝܢ
‎SE ad:‏ ܒܬܒܙܘ̈ܬܐ:. ܘܡܫ̈ܒܠܝ ܠܘܬ 5 , ܘܡ̈ܠܦܙ ܐ ܕܥܕܬܐ ܩܕܝܫܬܐ. ܘܝܘܚܢܢ
‎où‏ ܕܗܼܘܐ ܐܦܣܩܦܐ ܕܩܘܣܛܛܢܛܝܢܐ ܦܘܠܝܣ: ܒܦܘܦܩܐ ܕܐܘܢܓܠܝܘܢ ܕܝܘܚܢܢ ܟܕ
9 ܠܕܘܟܬܐ ܡܦܫܩ: ܕܡܢܗ̇ ܠܝܣܘܟܐܐ ܕܛܥܝܘܬܐ ܢܣܒܫܝܢ: ܗܠܝܢ ‎LRO‏
‏ܠܘܬ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܓܠܝܢ ܘܝܕܝܥܢ.. ܗܟܢܐ ‎qae]‏ ܡܛܠ ܓܝܪ ܕܒܟܠ ,9« ܦܛܪܘܣ
ܠܘܬ ‎y Jas‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܬܟܝܠܐ ‎oot Na]‏ ܗܘܐ: ܘܡܝܩ ܕܡ ܗܘܐ ܫܝܘܪ: ܬܘܒ ܟܕ
‎ame‏ ܠܕܬܝܚܘܬܗ: 339[ ܠܗ ܕܠܐ ܡܕܡ« ܝܬܝܪܐ ܢܥܩܒ܂ ܗܕܐ ܐܡ̣ܟ. ‎Ras‏ ܗܟܝܠ

1. Corr. lu sets.

end, in order that all who received the preaching of the gospel might learn
that all the chances of their blessedness rest in the future life, and that we
must despise the life here, and willingly hasten to death. Such wonderful
things were done in the times of the old covenant', when men were not
yet in a porfect condition, and were deficient in faith, and were unable to
receive the teaching of the resurrection, and firmly to believe that, after
the separation of soul and body, it is possible for those who have once died
to come back again to life. As to the fact that Jolim the Evangelist under-
went the common end, it is not we only who adniit this, but men also who
are highly distinguished among the fathers, and l'guides to the inysteries?
and doctors of the holy church. And John, who became bishop of Constan-
ünople, in the commentary on the Gospel of John, when conmenting on
the very place from which those who arc blind towards what is manifest
and plain draw the erroneous inference, says thus : » For, because Peter was
always confident and forward in asking such questions, 1| was again by
way of cutting away his impetuosity and teaching him not to make any
further inquiry that he said this. "Therefore the report went out among

1. διαθήκη. — 2. This phrase represents μυσταγωγοι.

57 v* b.
