‎XCE — TO CONSTANTFINE, 163‏ ]1333
ܕܩܕܝ̈ܫܐ. ܗܝܕܚܢ ܐܡܪ ܢܢܗܪܘܢ ܙܕܝܩ̈ܐ ܒܡܠܝܟܘܬܐ ܕܐܒ ܘܗܘܢ. ‎«oh‏ ܐܝܟ ‎où‏
‏ܕܫܪܝܪܐܝܬ ܐܸܡܪ ܢܬܗܝܡܢ. ‎Rae‏ ܗܘܐ ‎Jj‏ ܠܬܠܡܝ̈ܕܐ ܘܠܚܙܬܗ ܕܗܢܐ ܡܢܟܢ
‎Sos ᾿‏ ܓܝܪ ܠܦܛܪܘܣ ܘܠܝܥܩܘܒ ܘܠܚܘܚܢܢ.. ‎a Soo‏ ܠܛܘܪܐ.
ܘܐܫܬܝܝܠܦ ܠܥܝ̈ܢܝܗܘܢ. ‎jou lo‏ ܦܪܨܘܦܗܼ ܐܝܟ ‎«oon Nas Jo‏ ܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎Jia.‏
‏ܐܝܟ ܬܠܓܐ܀ ܒܦܘܦܩܐ ܕܝܢ ‎où‏ ܕܩܕܚܡ ܐܡܚܪ ܕܡܙܡܘܪܐ ܕܡܐܐ ܘܐܪ̈ܒܥܐ: ܡܫܟܚܝܢܢ
ܠܩܕܝܫܐ ܝܘܚܢܢ ܐܦܣܩܘܦܐ ܕܩܘ ܬܦܘܠܝܣ.. ‎Massl| CON‏ ܒܡܦܩܢܐ
‎Jes‏ ܗܳܝ ܕܝܢ ܕܐܬܦܫܟܬ ܐܡܪܬ ‎GR)‏ ܕܐܝܟ ܗܕܐ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܟܕ ܡܘܫܐ ܠܟܠܗܘܢ
ܡܝ̈ܐ ܕܒܡܨܪܝܢ ܫܚܠܦ ‎pel ho‏ ܟܬܒܐ ܕܐܫܟܚܘ ‎μὲν‏ ܕܠܗ̇ ܟܕ ‎ὃν‏ ܠܐܬܐ
‎«θα‏ ܠܘܩܒܠ ܗܿܝ. ܟܕ ܓܝܪ ܟܠܙܘܘܢ ܘܠܫ̈ܐ ܐܫܬܚܠܦܘܢ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܡܫܟܚܐ ܙܘܘܬ
ܕܢܫܬܟܚܘܢ ܡܫ̈ܐ ‎Ji‏ ܕܒܗܘܢ ܥܬܝܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܢܚܘܘܢ ‎Lu lo JA‏ ܡܶܢ
ܐܡܪܘ ܕܡܫܟܚܐ ܗܘܬ ܕܡܫ̈ܐ ‎[s‏ ܢܐܬܘܢ. ܡܛܠ ܕܠܘ ܒܟܠܦܪܢܘܬܐ ‎λα.‏
‎2oto Na]‏ ܗܘܐ ܝܡܐ .. ܕܥܗܠܝܢ ܒܝܕ ܐܘܡܢܘܬܐ " ܡܓܘܫܝܬܐ ܢܥܝܝܠܦܘܢ. ‎Iul‏
‏ܕܝܢ ܐܡܪܘܢ. ܕܠܘ ܕܠܐ ܦܝܣ ܐܝܬܝܗܿ ܕܗܘ ܡܘܫܐ ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܫܘܚܠܦܐ ܕܠܕܡ|.
ܬܘܒ ܠܚܙܬܐ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ ܘܠܟܝܢܐ ܢܗܦܟ ܗܘܐ ܐܢܘܢ ‎Jun) Lisa‏ ܕܚܪ̈ܫܐ ܠܐܘܡܢܘܬܐ

‎.Joot

‎1. Ms. sing.

‎saints shall be something exceedingly glorious. ‘Then’, he says, ‘the righ-
teous shall shine in their Father's kingdom", that he may again be believed
as one who speaks truly, in that he saw the disciples beforchand and wave
the siglit of this'. For ‘he took Peter aud James and John, and went up
into a mountain, and was transfigured before them; and his lace shone as
lightning, and his raiment bectune white as snow’ »?. — But in the above-
mentioned commentary on the 104% Ps we find the holy John bishop
of Constantinople solving the point in Exodus that seemed doubtful: and the
point that seemed doubtful is, you said, as follows : « llow is it that, after
Moses had turned all the water in Egypt into blood, Seripture said that the
magicians were able to show the same sign against that? For, since all
the water had been changed, liow was it possible for pure water to be found
in which these men were to show the sign?» Some have said that it was
possible for sea-water to come, since the sea was not at a great distance,
in order that they might change this by magie skill; while others have said
that it is not ineredible that Moses himself, alter the change to blood, turned

‎1. Cyr. πρόωρον τοῖς μαθηταῖς x. τὴν τούτου Λέαν ἐχαρίζετο, — 2. In Jo. Ev., ed. Pusey, TIT, 136.

‎16 vo b.
