18 v? a.

‎LETTERS ΟΙ SEVERUS. [338‏ 168
ܘܢܦܘܩ ܬܡܝܢ ܠܒܪ. ܘܣܟܬܐ ‎Joa.‏ ܠܟ ‎up‏ ܘܬܗܘܐ ܟܕ ܝܬܒ ܐܢܬ ‎OM‏
‏ܬܚܦܘܪ ‎os‏ ܘܬܗܦܘܟ ܬܟܣܐ ‎ds‏ ܠܦܘܪܣܝܟ. ܡܛܠ ܕܡܪܝܐ ‎χο‏ ܡܗܠܟ
‎phrases‏ : ܕܢܦܪܩܟ܂ ܘܕܢܫܠܡ ܒܥܠܕܲܒܦܫܟ ܒܐܲܝܙܲܝܟ. ܘܡܫܪܝܬܟ܂ ܩܕܝܫܬܐ ܬܗܘܐ
ܐܝܬܝܗܿ. ܘܠܐ ‎lulu‏ ܒܟ ‎Las‏ ܕܣܘܥܪܢܐ ܘܢܗܦܘܡ ܡܢܬܟ. ܘܒܟܬܒܐ ‎«Ὁ‏
‏ܕܡܠܟܘ̈ܐܐ ܠܗ ܟܕ ܠܗ ܠܣܘܟܠܐܼ ‎μοι.‏ ܘܐܦ ° ‎Jauso Lie]‏ ܟܕ ܓܝܪ ‎Lis‏ ܡܢ
ܣܕܪ̈ܐ: ܘܥܬܝܕ ܗܘܐ ܕܠܘܬܗܘܢ ܢܐ ܙܠ.. ܦܕܩܪ݀ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܕܘܝܕ ܕܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܚܫܡܝܬܐ
ܠܒܫܬܐ ܕܝܠܗ ܢܚܘܬ. ‎iso‏ ܘܐܡܼܪ. ܐܢ ‎"oo‏ ܕܩܒܘܬܐ ܘܐܝܣܪܝܠ ܘܝܗܘܕܐ ܥܡܪܝܢ
ܒܟܠܫ̈ܟܢܐ: ܘܡܪܝ ܝܘܐܒ ܘܥܕܒ̈ܕܘܗܝ ‎op‏ ܥܠ ܐܦܝ ‎WM λα.‏ ܘܐܢܐ ܐܥܘܠ
ܠܒܝܬܝ ܘܐܟܘܠ ‎λαο‏ ܘܐܕܡܟ ܥܡ ܐܢܬܬܝ.. ܐܝܟܢܐ. ‎Los‏ ܗܝ ‎x95‏ ܕܠܐ ܥܒܢ

‏ܐܢܐ ܦܬܓܡܐ ‎cot μοι‏ ܡܛܠ ܫܘ̈ܐܠܐ ܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܐܬܩܪܒܘ ‎τὸ‏ ܡܝܢ ‎TAE‏ ¦

‏ܕܚܠܟ ܐܬܚܫܒܝܢ ܚܢܢ. ܐܚܡ ܡܥܘܚܬܐ ܕܥܪܝܐ ܒܨܝܪܘܬܐ ܕܝܠܢ܀

‎1. Ms, Tell. νο, Ms. ‏ܗܘ‎

‎when the sun hath. set, he shall go into the camp. And thou shalt have
a place outside the camp, and he shall go out there without. And thou shall
have a peg on thy loins, and it shalt be that, when hou sittest outside,
thou shalt dig with it, aud shalt turn and hide thy shame with 1t; because
the Lord thy God walketh in thy camp, to rescue thee, and to deliver thine
enemies into thine hands; and thy camp shall be holy; and the shame of an
act shall not be seen in thee and shall turn away from 11100 »', And in the 2%
Book of Kingdoms Uriah too also manifests this same senti ment. When
he had returned from the lines, and was about to go to them, David ordered
him to go down to his own house after supper; and he answered and said,
« If the ark and Israel and Judali dwell in tents, and my lord Joab and my
lord's bondmeu are encamped upon the face of the field, shall even 1 go
into mine house and eat and drink and sleep with my wife? how? ΔΒ my
soul liveth, 1 will not do this thing »?. — These arc the conclusions at which
we for our part have arrived on the questions that were presented to me
bv your saintliuess according io the capacity that our meanness possesses.

‎1, Deut, xxi, 10814 (ext of A P). — 2. II Reg. xt. 11.

‎|
‎|
‎|
