[317] LXXXVl. — ΤῸ SERGIUS ΤΠ ARCICATROS. 1^7

‎Jo‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܒܦܣܫ̈ܩܬܐ| ܐܡܪ ‎b]‏ ܕܗܢܐ ܫܘܘܕܥܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܗܿ. ܐܫܬܥܝ ܓܝܪ

‏ܐܘܢܓܠܝܘܢ ‎oóí3)‏ ܠܠܝܐ ܟܕ ܤܓܝ ܠܐܝܘ ܠܓܡܪ ܡܕܡ ܠܐ ‎on‏ ܘܗܕܐ ܪܡܙܐ ܠܢ
ܬܫܥܝܬܐ ܕܠܘܬ ܡܬܥܠܝܢܘܬܐ ‎σον‏ ܘܡܬܝܕܥܢܝܬܐ ܡܫܢܝܐ. ܐܝܟ ‎Pro? où‏

‎also‏ ܕܦܪܘܩܝܢ ܠܠܝܐ ܐܝܬܐܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ‎ci} JM Lors‏ ܗ݀ܘܺܝ ܓܝܪ ܗܠܝܢ
ܐ ‎lus‏ ܡܢ ܝܕܥܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ. ܟܕ ܢܩܚܝܢ ‎ωοδι‏ ܠܦܘܠܚܝܙܐ ‎SA JON y‏ ܫܡܐ.
ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܨܦܪܐ ܡܕܡ ܘܕܢܚܐ ܕܢܘܗܪܐ ‎Jo‏ ܟܕ ܦܪܘܩܢ ܐܬܐ ‎auo‏ ܘܐ ܙܠܓ ܠܗܠܝܢ
ܕܥܠ ‎JT‏ ܒܕܡܘܬ ‎ος‏ ܕܙܕܚܩܘܬܐ: ܗܕܐ ܓܝܪ ܐܡܿܪ ܟܬܒܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ.. ܗܝܕ ܢ]
ܡܨܝܕܬܐ ܫܠܝܚܝܝܬܐ ܐܸܫܬܡܕܬ܆̇. ܘܨܝܕܐ ᾿ ‎JL Go‏ ܕܒܢܫ̈ܢܫܐ ‎“h}‏ ܘܡܢܬܐ ‎να.‏
‏ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܝܪܬܬ. ܡܘܢܐ ܓܚܪ ܘܢܒܝ̈ܐ܂. ܟܕ ‎Jes‏ ܕܨܝܕܐ ܫܡܪܘ. ‎ba LAS‏
ܕܥܒܕܪ.. ܠܥܡܐ ܕܐܝܣܪܝܠ ܒܥ ܘܕ }9 ܟܕ ܙܒܢܝ̈ܢ ‎EC‏ ܡܝܢ ܡܨܚܕܬܐ ‎ζω‏
‏ܗܘܐ. ‎Jilado‏ ܦܠܝ ܗܘܐ. ܘܕܫܘܝܐ ܗܝ ‎δι΄‏ ܕܠܐ ܢܬܬܨܝܕ ܗܕܐ ‎lo,‏ ܡܬܝܕܥܐ.
ܒܕܓܘܢ ‎LUN ος‏ ܠܩܕܝܡܘܬ | ‎Lindos 29) Jo.‏ ܫܒܩܘ. ܟܕ ܗܢܘܢ ܕܘܟܬܐ
ܕܣܡܠܐ ‎οί‏ ܗܳܝ ‎y‏ ܕܡܢ ܥܝܕܐ ܕܝܠܝܢ ܒܨܝܪܬܐ | ‎o N‏ ܒܐܝܩܪܐ. ‎“bé‏ ܕܝܢ
ܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܬܬܨܝܕܘ: ‎fans‏ ܡܶܢ ‎où‏ ܕܡܐܐ: ܡܚܘܐ ܠܣܓܚܐܘܬܐ ‎JA eo‏ )39

‎1. Ms. sing. — 2. Ms. Fa.

‎isthis'. The gospel related that that night after toiling greatly they canght
nothing whatever; and this narrative, when transferred. {ο spiritual and
suprasensual sublinitv, suggests to us that before our Saviour's coming there
was night in this world, for human affairs were devoid of 1116 knowledge of
God, being devoted to the service of gods lalsely so-called; but, when a kind
of risiug and dawn of light took plaee, when our Saviour came and rose and
shone upon those on earth, like a ‘Sun of righteousness' (this the divine
Seripture says?), then the apostolice net was let down, and made a great catch
of men, and lor this reason had the right side allotted to it. For Moses
and the prophets, when thev let down the fishing-not, during ihe past
night, caught the people of Israel only, while these often jumped out of the
uet and served demons, and fthe present state is understood to be the same
as if they had not been eaught?. — Wherefore also tliey * lelt for the apostles
the most honourable place on the right, while they themselves occupied the
left station, which according to onr enstom is inferior in honour. — Dnt in
respect of the fish which were caught the number 100 shows the great mul-

‎1. Gr. ὡς ἐν βραχεῖ φρᾶσαι ταύτην ἔχει τὴν ἄπλωσιν. — 0 Mal. 1v. 2. — 3. Cr. dv. ἰσῳ τοῦ μηδὲ τεβηρασθαι
τὸ παράπαν νοούμενον. — ^. SC. Moses and (he prophels.

‎53 vb.
