905 v^ n.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. 1392;‏ 182
ܡܬܥܗܕܝܢܝܢ ܓܝܪ ܘܠܐܢܫ ܡܢ ‎ΔΕ xal‏ ܒܝܐܠܝܗ̈ܝܬܐ ܕܐܸܡܿܪ. ‎Je) «Exo‏
‎Mas‏ 5 ܬܦܥܝܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܕܠܐ ܒܙܒܢܗܿ. ܒܪܡ ܡܛܠ ‎Jet uA Jr‏ ܐܝܟ
ܕܠܡܐܡܐ: ‎ς Να‏ ܡܝܢ ܒܟܝܗ ‎Masc] Ley: dl)‏ ܡܛܠ ܐܝܩܪܐ ܣܓܚܐܐ
ܕܢܛܝܪ ܠܘܬ ܡܝܬܪܘܬܟ. ܕܡ̈ܠܐ ‎Ko‏ ܠܘܬ ܒܝܥܝܬܐܼ ܗܺܝ ܐܟܬܘܒ. ‎gai‏
‏ܕܠܗܘܢܐ ܕܝܠܢ ܐܬܝ . ܘܗܠܚܝܢ ܕܡܝܢ ܟܬ ܒܐ ܐܡܚܪ̈ܝ ܒܪܘܚܐ܆. ܘܐܒܗ̈ܬܐ| ‎«già‏ ܕܥܡ
‎Leo;‏ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܦܫܩܘ. ܟܕ ‎ol Jas‏ ܘܡܛܠ : ܕܟܕ ܫܦܝܪ ܥܒܕܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ,.
ܠܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܡܝܢ ܟܠ ܪܥܝܢܐ ‎[ep οἱ‏ ܡ̈ܠܝܬܐ܂ ܣܡܬܘܢ ܒܐܓܪܬܟܘܢ. ܐܬܚܝܚܦܫܒܬܐ
ܕܠܝܘ ܠܘܬ ܡܠܝܬܐ ܐܪܝܟܬܐ ܐܡܬܚܝܗܿ' ܠܐܓܪܬܐ ܗܕܐ. ‎ol‏ ܐܢܝܐ ܓܝ ܪ ܩܢܘܡܝ
ܗܝܡܢܬ. ܕܠܘ ‎Jia ke‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ܂. ‎lo‏ ܠܐ ܒܡܐܟܠܐ3 ܘܒܡܫܬܝܐ ܒ ܘܣܝܡܐ

‏ܕܛܒ̈ܬܐ ܕܡ̈ܠܝܟܢ ܠܢ ܒܟܡܬܝܟܝܘܬܐ ‎Joss‏ ܘܡܛܠ ܕܣܝܓܝ ܐܚܬܘܗܝ ‎où‏
‏ܕܠܡܠܬܐ :9 ‎Πα να‏ ܡܥܬܕܼ. ܘܕܥܥܠ ܘܠܝܬܚܬ ܡܝܬܐ ܠܝܦܘܢܝܐ ‎Ja;‏ ܗܝ

‏ܪܝܫܝܬܐ. ܘܠܒܘܣܡܐ ‎où‏ ܕܒܦܪܕܝܣܐ. ' ܥܒܪ ‎CN δὴ b]‏ ܕܠܘܬ ܬܐܘܪܝܐ ܡܥܠܝܐ܆.
ܠܒܘܣܡܐ ܗܽܘ ܘܠܐܝ̈ܠܢܐ ‎maso‏ ܣܗ̈ܟܐܼ. ‎λα”‏ ܡܠܬܐ ܓ ܕܠܐ ܚܪܝܢܐ ܐܬܐ ‎Ji‏
‏ܘܦܫܝܛܬܐ ܘܕܡܢ ‎Jus‏ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܐܝܬ ܠܗ ܣܢܝܐܓܝܪܘܬܐ. ܕܠܗܠܚܝܢ ‎κϑὸ‏ ܓܝܪ

‎1. Ms. ‏ܐܬܡܬܝܬܗ‎ , in smaller letiers in erasure. — 2. Ilere begins an exlracl in F 28 v* and K 68 v», —
3. K pl.

‎things who says, « Instruments of musie at a time of mourning are a tale
out of season »'. However, since by lthe other letter? we were released so
to speak from the mourning of sorrow, I considered it right on account of
the great honour maintained towards your excellence to write a few words
in answer to that query, such as have come into my mind, and words which
are drawn from the Seriptures composed by the Spirit and the fathers who
with the help of the Spirit expounded these, little as we have understood.
Since yon have sel down in vour letter (therein acting rightly) the points
raised bv every kind of understanding or by impulsive eloquence, | have
determined not to extend this letter to ἃ great length; lor 1 mvsell also have
believed that the enjoyment of the wood things that are promised us in the
kingdom ol heaven is not sensual, nor yet. does it consist in eating and drink-
ing. Since the man wlio propounds the contrary argument is vehement,
and everywhere introduces the restoration to the primitive state and the
enjoyment in Paradise, 1 pass over the theory which raises tlie enjoymont and
uie trees and the ends of the branches to an allegory ?, and come to ἃ matter
whieh is free from dispute, and simple, and one which draws its dofence

‎1 Sim, xxi, 6, — 2. The Greeh must havemeant + rest of Πιο Joltor '.. — 3. θεωρία,
