180 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [350]

laco ‏ܕܡ̈ܠܐ ܕܒܝܕ ܣܦܘ̈ܬܐ‎ [aso ‏ܦܐܝܬ ܠܐܠܗܐ.:. ܘܢܐܡܪ ܕܢܩܫܐ‎ ‘Jlassese
‏ܕܒܡܥܒܕܢܘܬܐ ܐܠܗܝܬܐ‎ ο ου ‏ܐܠܗܐ. ܐܠܐ ܢܫܬܪܪ ܘܣܝܓܝ ܚܟܝܡܐܝܬ‎ viens
uà ‏ܒܪܬ ܩܠܐ‎ Rega) ‏ܕܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ..‎ Rat ‏ܥܒܘܕܐ ܕܟܠܗܝܢ‎ οὖι ‏ܘܒܚܝܠܐ‎
‏ܡܠܚܝܡܬܐ. ܘܠܗܕܐ ܡܡܠܦ ܟܕ ܘܪܪ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܩܘܪܝܥܘܣ ܒܗܠܝܢ ܕܠܘܬ ܬܐܘܕܣܝܘܣ‎
‏ܐܠܗܐ ܡܠܠ. ܠܐ‎ [sas ‏ܕܝܕܥܝܢ ܕܥܡ‎ Der ‏ܐܡܪܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܓܝܪ‎ ο ‏ܪܫܝܡܢ‎
‏ܕܠܥܠ ܡܢ‎ où ‏ܓܝܪ ܝܕܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܟܒܪ ܡܛܠ ܦܛܥܘܬܐ ܣܓܝܐܬܐ. ܕܠܟܚܝܢܐ‎
Mis ct ‏ܐܢܦ ܡܬܘܡ ܫܡܥܗ ܕܡܡܠܠ ܦܐܝܘܬ ܐܢܫܐܝܬ. ܡܫܬܡ̈ܠܝܢ‎ JV
‏ܕܢܐܡܪ ܓܝܪ ܚܢܢ ܠܐ ܡܨܝܐ. ܠܘܬ‎ sp ‏ܕܗܼܘ‎ où ‏ܗܿܢܝܢ ܕܠܘܬ ܟ̈ܢܝܢܫܐ. ܒܙܢܐ‎ Jo
‏ܐܠܗܐ. ܡܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܠܐ ܢܫܡܠܐ ܟܕ ܢܨܒܐ ܘܪܣܓܝ‎ Nos Es ‏ܐܝܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܡܢ‎
Jo ‏ܒܪܬ‎ NOMAS, ‏ܟܬܝܒ‎ iw pex ‏ܡܠܐܟܐ‎ pM ‏ܐܦ ܐܡܬܝ ܕܢ‎ τ καθ
‏ܕܬܪܥܝܬܐ ܫܦܝܪܬ ܕܚܠܬܐ..‎ las] ‏ܕܐܠܗܐ ܠܘܬ ܐܢܦ ܡܢ ܩܕܝ̈ܫܐ: ܬܘܒ ܐܟܘܬܗ̇ ܟܕ‎
Mo€MaeMa]) ‏ܕܠܡܐܡܪ ܒܡܥܒܕܢܘܬܐ ܢܐܡܪ‎ pole ‏ܒܫܕ ܡܦܘܚܝܬܐ ܐܠܗܝܬܐ‎
‏ܕܒܡܨܥܚܘܬܐ ܕܡܠܐܟܐ ܢܦܩܐ ܗܘܬ. ܘܠܝܗܕܐ ܡܿܠܦ ܐܬܢܣܚܘܣ ܒܡܐܡܝܪܐ‎ “lis
‏ܬܠܝܬܝܐ ܕܡܛܠ ܬܠܝܬܝܘܬܐ܀‎

1. ‏ܟܝܫܬܐ‎ is here writlen and erased.

the sound of the composition of words made through the lips and with the
tongue, but be assured, and that very wisoly and confidently, that, by the
divine operation and by the power that makes all things that exist, the fitting
word was brought into being. This the holy Cyril teaches and confirms
in the work which he addressed to Theodosius : « For the Jews said that
they knew that God spoke with Moses'. For perhaps they did not know by
reason of great stupidity tiat no one has ever heard the nature that is above
all things speaking in a manner befitting men, but the words that are ad-
dressed to men are brought into being in ἃ manner which he knows, for it is
not possible for us to say. For what work will God fail from weakness to
perform? — For what will he not bring to pass if he wishes, aud that very
easily? «

When also it is written that the words of God were brought to
one of the saints through a mediating angel, according to the same reverent
principle let us say that the words that were emitted by the mediation of au
angel were brought into being through divine inspiration and so to speak
by operation. And this Athanasius teaches in the 3" treatise on the Trinity ἡ.

1. Jolin, 1x, 22, — 2. Nol in either of the extant works addressed to Tlhieodosins, — 3. δὲ 6G., ‏ܠܝ‎ ΝΠ].
1201 ff. (spurious). No special passage seems to be intended.
