y 3019 a

102 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [302]

ܡܠܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ: ܠܡܡ̈ܿܠܠܐ ܘܠܓ̈ܠܝܢܐ ‎Lio‏ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܦܚܡ: ‎Jo, b‏
ܒܛܘ̈ܦܣܐ° ܘܪ̈ܡܙܐ° ܟܬܝܒܝܢ ܗܘܘ: ܘܠܝܘܬ ‎Lis‏ ܘܪ̈ܝܫܝ ܐܒܙܘ̈ܬܐ܂. ‎PAM Nas‏
ܡܝܢ ‎2à‏ ܕܙܕܩܐ. ܚܢܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܐܝܠܚܝܢ ܕܠܥܫܘ̈ܠܦܢܐ ‎Luis‏ ܢܩܦܝܢܝܢ: ܕܝܙܥܝܢܢ
ܕܡܕܡ ‎Lie]‏ ܐܚܬܘܗܝ ‎Jope‏ ܕܒ ܬܛܝܘܦܣܝܐ ܡܬܚܝܘܐ: ܘܡܝܕܡ ‎"paul‏ ܫܪܪܐ
ܕܣܘܥܪܢܐ'. ܠܪܘܚܩܐ ܡܢ ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܡܢ ܩܕܝܡ ܐܬܚܘܝ ܐܝܟ ܕܒܚܠܡܐ ܘܪܡܙܐ:
ܡܬܚܡܝܢܢ ‎EURE‏ ܡܐܬܝܬܗ ܕܒܒܣܪ ܕܡܠܬܐ. ܐܦ ܓܝܪ ‎LAS‏ ܠܓ̈ܠܝܢܐ7
ܕܡܢ ܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ ‎xl‏ ܕܠܘܬ ܐܗܪܘܢ ܡܝܢ ܘܡܪܚܡ ܐܡܪܝܢ . ‎Jh‏ ܢܗܘܐ ܒܟܘܢ
‎{οι ον Lon‏ ܐܬܝܕܥ ‎oM‏ ܘܒܚܠܡܐ ܐܡܠܠ ܠܗ. ‎Sacs‏ ܕܝܢ ‎Las‏
‏ܡܙܥܩܝܢ'. ܐܢܐ ܐܣܓܝܬܐ ܚܙܘ̈ܢܐ. ܘܒܐܝܕܐ ܕܢܒ̈ܝܐ ܐܬܕܡܝܬ. ܐܠܐ ‎où‏ ܕܚ̈ܙܘܐ ‎gr)‏
‏ܘܒܐܝܕܐ ܕܢܒ̈ܝܐ ° ܡܫܚܠܦܐܝܬ ܐܬܕܡܝ: ܫܪܝܪܐܝܬ ܘܕܠܐ ܫܘܚܠܦܐ: ܘܒܙܢܐ ܚܕܬܐ ܒܪܢܫܥܐ
ܗܘܼܐ ܡܛܠܬܢ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܕܛܘ̈ܦܣܐ ‎Luysos‏ ܘܪ̈ܝܫܝܐ: ‎[3o a9 s‏ ܠܐ ܡܣܓܦܝܢ
ܡܕܡ : ܠܗܿܝ ܕܒܫܪܪܐ ܠܐ ܡܫܬܚܠܦܢܐܝܬ ܗܘܼܐ ܒܪܢܫܐ: ܡܪܢ ܘܐܠܗܢ ܝܫܘܥ ܡܫܝܚܐ:
ܗܟܢܐ ܠܘ ܡܛܠ ܡܬܒܣܪܢܘܬܗ' ܫܪܝܪܬܐ܂. ܠܛܘ̈ܦܣܐ ܩܕܡܝܐ ‎MN‏
‏ܠܝܡܝܘ̈ܛܐ:. ܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܐܝܟ ܕܒܫܢܬܐ ܘܚܝܠܡܵܐ: ܠܐ ܡܤܣܒܪܝܢܢ ܠܗܘܢ ‎ses‏ ]2 ܟܕ

1. F om.— 2, E ‏ܕܒܛܘܦܣܐ‎ IK. ‏ܕܟܛܦܘܘܦܣܐ‎ . — 3. EK sing. — ^. E pl. — ὃν T loeis: — 6, Koss.
7. F sing. — 8. E ‏ܡܢ‎ — 1, F ‏ܡܪܙܥܩ‎ — 10, K ‏.ܡܬܟܣܪܢܘܬܐ‎

God both 10 prophets and to patriarchs, which were deseribod in symbols and
adumbrations as being of God, missed the right principle. But we, who fol-
low the apostolice teachings, who know that a vision slhownin a symbol is one
thing, and the truth of the lact another, pronounce that the coming of the
Word in the flesh is quite distinct from the earlier manifestations which were
made as in ἃ dream and an adumbration. For we also hear of revelatious
coming from God which sav to Aaron and Miriam, « Hf there shall be among
you a prophet to the Lord, I will be made known to him in a vision and will
speak to him in a drezm »', and cry in lIosea the prophet, « 1 for my part
multiplied visions, and hy means of prophets was ! likened »?. But he who
multiplied visions and was variously likeued by means of prophets became
man for our sake truly and without variation, and in a new way. ΔΒ there-
fore the shadowy and primitive symbols in no way impair by comparison
the fact that our Lord and God Jesus Christ became in trutli man invariably,
so we do not on account of his true Incarnation refuse to hold the earlier
symbols and obscure revelations given as in a dream and visions to be adum-

]. Num... xil. 6. — 2. Hos., xit, 10.

AE Re ‏ܡܡ ܕ‎ a———D S S ——À— ‏ܥܢ ܢܢ‎
