318 ‘INTRODUCTION. [6

serpents, related on f. 120 v^, with the words : « Hear and 1 will tell
you this other marvel. »

The abbreviated version of the sauint’s legend given in the Synaxa-
rium. (for 25^ Kihak* differs slightly in detail. Besides the miracu-
lous vine in the bride-chamber (f. 95 v*), we read of an angel over-
shadowing husband and wife as they sleep and of the surprise of the
parents that there is no offspring of the marriage. The decision to
retire to the desert is not, as in our version, directly inspired by an
angel (f. 96 νο), as John only meets a « man of light » on leaving his
village and from him receives instructions as to his journey.

The following chronological notes have been kindly contributed by
Mr. 11. G. Evelyn-White :

« The date of John Khamé is not very easy to determine. Tho Coptic
Life (fol. 110 ¥" refers to his monastery as fifth among the convents
of the Wadi Natrûn in order of foundation, and he is therefore later than
the 4 century. On the other hand the first direct mention of the Monas-
tery of Khamé is found in the Æistory of the Patriarchs* in connec-
tion with Gabriel 1 (913-923 A. D.) : « when he (Gabriel) was a young
«man, he had entered the desert and become a monk in the Wadi [Ilabib]
« at the Monastery of St. Macarius, at a cell there named after the Syrian
€ (uso s), that is to say, the father Kama (US, brother of John in the
« monastic life ». The context of this passage, which implies that Khamé
was a Syrian and not an Egyptian, shows that the coll was then no
longer a modern foundation. Dut this long period can be substantially
reduced. On the one hand the //istory of the 6 | regularly
refers to « the four monasteries » of the Wadi Habib in the time of Da-
mianus, showing that Khamé’s monastery was not yet established at
the close of the 6" century; on the other, mention is made of « the
seven monasteries * » during the patriarchate of Shenouti 1 (859-890),
at a time when Ahmed ibn Mohammed al-Mudabbir was minister of
finance (856-866). The date of Khamé lies therefore between ca. 580
and 860. This again may be reduced : reference is made in the Coptic
Life (fol. 99) to the instruction of ‏ܠ‎ in the « canon of the

1. D. O., 111, 519. — 2. Bibl. Nat.. fonds arabe n° 304, p. 6G (the translation is that

of Mr. Evetts). — 3. Ed. Evetts, p. 209 (= P. O., 1, 473). — ^. The seven were those of
Macarius, John, Pishoi, Baramüs, Khamé, the Syrians, and of Moses.
