31:44 va,

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [155]‏ 388
ܠܘܬ ܗܕܐ ܐܡܚܪܐ܂. ܠܘܬ ‎2à‏ ܕܠܐ ܡܫܬܘܬܦ ܒܬܫܒܘܚܬܗ ܕܡܪܝܐ ° ܗܺܝ ܕܡܬܝܗܒܐ
ܠܙܙܝܩ̈ܘ̈ܗܝ. ܐܦܢ! ܓܝܪ ܐܐ ܐܬܝܢ ܠܕܝܕܢܐ ‎vxo Jo‏ ܩܕܡ ܒܚܡ ‎Luna)‏
‏ܐܝܟ ܗܺܝ ܕܐܡܝܪܐ ܠܡܙܡܪܢܐ: ܡܛܠܗܕܐ ܠܐ ܢܩܘܡܘܢ ܪ̈ܫܝܥܐ ‎«ιδ‏ ܐܠܐ ܒܪܡ ܠܐ
ܛܥܝܐ ܠܗܘܢ ‎Jj»)‏ ܬܫܒܘܚܬܐ ܡܬܒܣܡܝܢ ‎Hay‏ ܘܡܢ ܐܝܕܐ ܗܢܘܢ
ܡܛܠ ܠܐ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܗܘܢ ‎ost‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܒܪܘܕܐ ܢܫܥܬܢܩܘܢ. ‎Je‏ ܕܝܢ ܐܝܬ
ܠܟܬܒܐ ܕܢܫܡܗ ܠܙܘܺܝ ܕܢܚܝܙܐ ܚܠܦ ܗܝ ܕܡܫܬܘܬܦ ‎Joouo‏ ܒܢܣܚܪܐܐ. ܡܘܕܥܐ ܘܗܝ
ܕܠܕܘܝܕ ܐܡܚܪܐ: ܢܒܖܿܪܟܟ ܡܪܝܐ ܡܢ ܨܗܚܘܢ܇. ܘܬܚܕܙܐ ܒܛܒ̈ܬܐ ܕܐܘܪܫܠܡ. ܚܙܩܝܐܝܠ
ܕܝܢ ܒܫܐ ‎Jan‏ ܕܛܪ̈ܘܢܐ ‎«ο‏ ܕܠܡ̈ܡܡܐ ܡܫ̈ܚܠܦܐ ‎LSso‏ ܕܥܡܗܘܢ: ܗܢܘܢ
ܕܥܡ ‎o» Jac‏ ܒܝܫܬܐ̇ ܘܐܙܕܒܢܘ ܒܚܛܗ̈ܐ.. ܐܦ ܒܫܘ̈ܢܩܐ ‎Just ex‏
ܗܘܝܝܢ. ܐܡܪ ܓܝܪ. ܬܡܝܢ ܐܬܘܝ ܘܟܠܗ ܟܢܢܗ܀ ܘܬܘܒ܀ ܬܡܢ ܥܝܥܡ , ܘܟܠܗ
‎sous‏ ܘܒܬܪܟܝܢ. ܬܡܝܢ ‎ask]‏ ܡܫܟ ‎Kusolo‏ ܘܟܠܗ ܚܝܠܗܘܢ. ‎τὸν‏ ܕܝܢ ‎i‏
‎NOR‏ ܕܟܐܢܐܝܬ ]0721 ܠܚܒܫ̈ܒܢܗܘܢ ‎xr NS IA‏ ܓܠ ,ܐܝܬܐ
ܐܫܥܝܐ ܢܒܚܐ ܡܙܥܝܩ.. ܟܕ ܡܟܢܐ ܠܗܘܢ ܐܝ̈ܠܐ. ܐܝܟ ܡܿܢ ‎lean‏ ܒܝܕ ܗ̈ܢܝܢ

‎1. Marg, mes eiue» καθ. — 1. | pl — 3. M «pee QM om.) οὐδε ‏ܕܟܐܢܐܝܬ‎ arm gsm
lenia. ‏ܠܒܢܦܝ‎ ER ‏ܠܝܟܦܗܝܒܝܗܘܢ + ܘܒܐܦܢܝ‎ Marg. — 4. M ‏ܕܝܘ‎

‎share in the glorv ol the Lord that is given to his just ones. Thougli* they
shall not come to judgment. nor stand before the judgment-seat* of Christ
according to what is stated bv the psalmist : « Therefore the wicked shall
not stand in judgment »?, yet still they will be aware what glory the just
are enjoying. and of what they themselves have been deprived on account of
their unbelief, in order that [ον may be tormented hy this also. That it is
the eustom of Seripture to nse ΠῚῸ expression *see' in place of ‘share’ or
“have experience? 15 made known by that which is stated hy David also,
« May the Lord bless thee out of Zion, and mavest thou look upon the good
grievous

‎tyrants ol the dillerent peoples and ihe soldiers with them, who did evil

‎things of Jerusalem »'. And Ezekicl the prophet shows that the

‎with one another and armed tliemselves in sins, shall also be together in
the eternal torments; lor be said, € There is Assyria, aud all liis concourse »;
and again, «There is Elam and all his host »: and further on, « There were
given Moshach and Thubel, and all their host »?. But that those who have
lived uprightly will know those whom they love in the future life Isaiah

‎1. Marg. *Very 80} interprelalion'. ὃν βήμα. — 3. ® αν 5. 5. Ps GXAVEL ὧν 29. E^. NANI,

‎22, 2^. 20.
