[155] CXVIII. — TO CAESARIA. 985

ܡܫܘܚܚܬܐ ‎Jeson‏ ! ܐܐ ܚܕ. ‎MINES‏ ܕܝܢ ܕܚܠܦܝܗܘ ܘܢ ܡܬܝܗܒܐ ܠܡܣ̈ܟܢܐ
ܡܪܓܥܝܢ. ܐܦ ‎voi‏ ܓܝܪ ܕܒܚܚܝܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܡܠܝܠܬܐ ‎y‏ ܕܦܘܠܘܣ ܗܕܐ ‎Où‏
‏ܘܐܸܡܿܪ܆. ‎"μοι‏ ܘܠܫܘܬܦܘܬܐ ܠܐ ܬܛܥܘܢ. ‎Lis,‏ ܓܝܪ ‎y‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܫܦܪܝܢ
ܠܐܠܗܐ. ‎NE EE NET‏ ܒܗܠܝܢ ܗܿܢܘܢ )$333 ‎os‏ ܣܘܿܕ'ܐ ‎“μᾶς‏ ܐܦ
ܛܘܟܣܐ ?° ‎als où‏ ܥܡ ܠܥܕ̈ܬܐ ܡ ‎Lies‏ ܡܢ ܠܥܠ ܘܡܢ ‎Lias‏ ܥܕܡܐ
ܠܫܘܡܢܐ. ܡܟܪܙ ܓܝܪ ‎ox "n Lindos so‏ ܟܕ ‎JN‏ ܕܠܐ ܕܡܐ
ܡܬܩܪܒܐ. ܕܢܬܟܫܦܘܢ ܚܠܦ ܗܥܝܢ ܕܕܡܟܘ܂. ܘܚܠܦ ܗܢܘܢ ܕܚܠܦܝܗܘܢ ܥܘܗ̈ܕܢܐ
ܘܙܕܼܩܚܬܐ ܠܒܕܝܢ. ܐܐ ܝܢ ‎ok)‏ ܢܡܘܣܝܬܐ ܕܢܐܡܪ: ܕܐܝܬ ܡܕܡ ܡܢ ܗܠܝܢ
ܕܦܩܚ̈ܕܢ ܒܡܕܬܐ ܩܕܝ̈ܫܬܐ ° ܒܬܛܝܠܐ ‎Las οἱ‏

*

ܕܝܠܗ ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ܣܐܘܪܐ܂. ‎ous‏ ܪܗܢܐ ܗܘܦܡܢܣܛܝܩܘܢ 1 ܕܥܣܪܝܢ7܀

ܡܢ ܟܬܒܐ ܢܦܝܚ ܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܝܠܦܝܢܢ.. ܕܒܩܫܡܬܐ ܘܙܕܝ̈ܩܝܐ ‎Las‏
‎vM‏ .. ܘܚܬܛܫ̈ܐ ‎ἌΝΩ‏ ܐܠܐ ܕܝܢ ‎zs KE Faso,‏ ܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܣܩܘܒܬܐܝܬ

1. G sing. — 2. M pl. —3. M ‏.ܛܘܦܣܐ‎ — 4, M ‏.ܗܘܦܘܡܢܣܛܝܘܘܢ‎ — 5. Marg, ‏ܡܫܬܢܩܝܢ‎ Lan olivas,
brel 5915 ‏.ܥܡ‎ TROIE

some consolation results to them in proportion to tlie measure of each man’
character. And they are conseious too of alms given to the poor on their
behalf; for they also are a rational sacrifiec as Paul teaches this and says,
» To give alms and to impart forget not; for such sacrifices please God » '.
For that those who have fallen asleep in Christ are conscious of these thinys
the ritual also which was handed down to the churches from of old by. the
apostles and from the beginning to the present dav clearly witnesses; for
tlie deacon makes proclamation to those who are standing while the bloodless
sacrifice is being offered that they. are to make supplication on behalf of
those who have fallen asleep, and on behalf of those on whose behalf they
are making commemorations and alms. But it is not lawful for us to sav
that any of tlie things enjoined in the holy churches is useless or vain.

Of the same holy Severus, from the same 20" hupomnestikon.
y

From the God-inspired Scripture we learn that in the resurrection. both
the just shall see the just and the sinners the sinners; but the just also

1. Heh., xim, 16.

{τ 7 v? b.

G 57 v? b.
M ος ‏ܒ«‎ a.
