M )0 «× b.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. 456]‏ 380
ܠܗܘܢ ܐܬܕܒܝܪܘ. ܕܡܫܬܬܕܪܝܢ ‎Loss‏ ܕܠܝܬ ܠܗܘܢ ܫܘܠܡܐ. ‎xr Lio‏ ܡܢ
‎Laos‏ ܚܝܪܝܢ ܒܟ̈ܐܢܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܢܗܘܢ ܐܸܬܥܝ݂ܘܠܘܢ. ܕܡܬܒܣܡܝܢ ‎Lazas‏ !. ܘܗܢܐ
‎ja‏ ܕܡܣܡ ܒܪܝܫܐ ܥܡ ܫܘ̈ܢܩܝܗܘܢ ܕܒܟܐܒ̈ܐ ܣܒܠܝܢ.. ܗܺܝ ܕܢܫܬܢܝܩܝܘܢ
‎sa.‏ ܬܘܝ ܝܘ ܐܐ ܂ + ܘܗܝܕܝܢ ‎ve‏ ܡܢ ܐܝܠܝܢ ܛܒ̈ܬܐ ܢܦܠܘ. ܘܗܠܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܕܒܝܘܩܢܐ
ܘܛܘܦܣܐ ܕܩܕܚܡ ܪܫܚܡ ܐܠܦ ܠܢ ܡܪܝܐ ܒܐܘܢܓܠܝܫܘܢ.. ܒܝܕ ܡܬܠܐ ܕܠܥܙܪ
ܘܕܥܬܝܪܐ. 9 ܓܝܪ ܟܕ ‎ol‏ ܒܫܕ ܡܣܤܫܒܪܢܘܬܐ ܕܒܡܣܕܖ̈ܩܘܬܐ.. ܡܬܝ ܕܥ
ܗܘܐ ܡܢ , ‎fils‏ ܐܒܪܗܡ. ܘܒܥܘܒܗ ܕܗ̇ܘ ܡܬܬܢܝܚܝ ‎Jos‏ ܐܦ ܥܬܝܪܐ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ
‎ooo Nes [Lis‏ ܡܬܬܒܥ ܗܘܐ: ܘܠܐ ܡܬܪܚܡܢܘܬܗ ܕܥܠ ܠܥܙܪ ܟܕ ܒܫܠܗܒܝܬܐ
ܕܠܐ ܕܥܟܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎Joe‏ ܠܠܥܙܪ ܡܢ ܪܘܚܩܐ ‎Je‏ ܗܘܐ ܘܝܪܥ ‎foot‏ ܗܕܐ ܐܦ
ܟܬܝܒܬܐ ܕܚܟܡܬܐ ܡܚܘܝܐ܇܇. ܟܕ ܓܠܝܐܝܬ ܠܪ̈ܫܝܥܐ ‎Laon La Je‏
‎Los‏ ܠܙܕܝ̈ܩܐ ܗܢܘܢ ܕܡܢܗܘܢ ‎aus ll)‏ ܘܶܒܫܫܐܝܬ ‎ass‏ ܐܡܪܐ ܕܝܢ ܗܟܢܐ܀
‎ς»λ[ο‏ ܠܒܘܝܢܐ ܕܚܠܛܗ̈ܝܗܘܢ܂ ܟܕ ܕܚܝܨܠܝܢ. ܘܢܩܘܡ ܥܘܠܗܘܢ ܠܘܩܒܠ ܗܘܢ
‎cr Aa} ον‏ ܢܩܘܡ ܙܕܝܩܐ ܒܦܪܗܣܝܐ ܪܒܬܐ :. ܠܘܩܒܠ ܦܪܨܘܦܐ ‎VT‏

‎[OM ER — 2, G ὦ.

‎shall see the sinners who have conducted themselves in a manner opposite
to their own being sent to the endless torments, aud the siuners also shall
eaze [rom afar at the righteous who have been injured by them enjoying
pleasures. And this js a kind of punishment which thev will bear in
addition to [ιοί torments in the pains. that of being tormented hy remorse,
and then they will know from what good things they have fallen. These
things the Lord taught us in the gospel as im an image and type deli-
neaied beforehand, by means of the parable of Lazarus and the rich
mau. Lazarus. having been jusufied by endurance in the distresses of
poverty, was known by righteous Abraham, and was resting in his bosom;
aud the rich man also when judgment was being exacted (rom him for
his sins, and his mercilessness towards Lazarus, while he was in the
laine that is not quenched, from afar saw and knew Lazarus. This the
Book of Wisdom also shows, in that it elearly depicts the wicked as knowing
on the day of judgment the just who have been set at naught and evil
entreated by them; and it speaks thus : « And they shall come to perception
of their sins in fear; and their iniquiy shall stand up against them and
reprove them, Then shall the just man stand up with great boldness against
the face of those who alllieted him and sparned his labonr. "hey shall sec
