‎CXVI. — TO JOHN, THÉODORE, AND JOHN. 283‏ ]453
ܕܐܣܚܪ ܐܢܐ ‎asso‏ ܐܢܐ ܕܐܣܤܬܟܠ ܠܫܡܝܢܝ̈ܬܐ ܘܠܤܝܡ ܕܘܟܝ̈ܬܐ ܡܠܐܟܝ̈ܬܐ:
‎J& aso‏ ܐ̈ܝܫܢܝܬܐ: ܡܬ ‎JI lisolo JN‏ ܡܬܚ̈ܙܝܢܝܬܐ: ܡܢ ܗܕܐ ܗܐ ܬܠܡܝܕܐ
ܐܝܬܝ܂. ܟܕ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܡܓܢܣܝܐ ܘܝܿܬܒ ‎ο ο‏ ܓܝܪ ܐܠܗ̈ܝܐ܂. ܒܝܚܫܘܥ
ܡܫܝܚܐ ‎taux‏ ܡܛܠܗܕܐ ܘܐܬܪܕܦܘ: ܟܕ ܡܬܢܦܚܝܢ ܡܢ ܛܝܒܘܬܗ ܡܛܠ
ܕܢܬܛܦܝܣܘܢ ܠܐ ܡܬܛܦܝ̈ܣܢܐ.. )+ ܐܠܗܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܽܘ ‎oo Ja‏ ܠܗ ° ܒܝܕ
ܝܫܘܥ ܡܥܝܝܝܐ ܒܪܗ܀ ܡܥܪ ܙܘܪ̈ܝܙ܀' ‎Lun aan]‏ ܢܫܟܚ ܕܢܚܐ ‎Qe‏ ܡܢܗ. ܗܽܘ
‎Liss e]‏ ܟܕ ܬܠܬܡܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ‎Hou ? eos]‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܠܡܠܦܢܐ ܡܣܟܚܢ ܗܘܘ
ܠܗ. ܘܡܬܛܠܗܕܐ ‎où‏ ܕܟܐܢܐܝܬ ܡܟܬܪܝܝܢ ܗܘܘ ‎SO‏ ܟܕ ‎ooo] JJ‏ ܐܢܘܢ ܡܢ
ܒܝܬ ܡܫ̈ܬܐ܀ ‎Jj‏ ܐܢܬܐ ܕܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܒܕܡܘܬ ‎au zii‏ ܒܝܫܘܥ ܡܫܝܚܐ: ‎Pas‏
‏ܕܝܢ ܒܙܕܝܩܘܬܐ ܘܒܠܒܦ̈ܕܐ ܚܣܝ̈ܐ: ܗܼܢܘܢ ‎pas‏ ܡܚܬܬܗ ܕܦܪܘܩܢ ‎ok Sosa,‏
ܗܥܝܢ ܕܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ܡܢ7 ܦܓܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܩܡ̣ܘ: ܘܐܬܚܙܝܘ ‎fias‏ ܒܠܚܘܕ ‎Jin:‏ ܕܗܽܘ:
‎Moa‏ ܠܬܚ̈ܬܝܬܐ ܕܐܪܥܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܐܸܡܿܪܬ܂. ܘܠܘ ܠܦܘܪܥܢܐ ܕܩܝܚܡܬܐ ‎2à‏ ܕܡܠܝܟܐ
ܠܟܠܗܘܢ ܐܟܚܕܐ܆. ܒܫܘܡܐ ܕܦܘܪܠܬܐ ܟܐܢܐ܀ ܘܡܥܪ ܐܝܪ̈ܢܝܬܙ܇ ܠܗܕܐ ܠܡ ܓܝܪ ‎Jo‏

‎LM on, Ὁ. — 2, M il. — 3, 1n red, as if iutriducing a new extracl instead of a new cilalion, —
4. M ‏.ܐܢܚܢܢ‎ — 5. M ins ‏ܗܘܘ‎ . — 6, (0 aloe. — 7, M ‏ܐܗܘ :)ܬ — ܡܢ‎

‎the heavenly things and the angelic locations, and the princely companies,
visible and again invisible, am not thereby a disciple »', in writing to those
at Magnesia said thus: « For the divine prophets lived in Jesus Christ:
therefore also they were persecuted, being inspired by his grace iu order
that the ineredulous might be persuaded that there is one God who
revealed himself through Jesus Christ his Son »; and a little further on :
« How shall we able to live without him? wliom the prophets also, being
his disciples in the spirit, expected as a teacher, and therefore he whom they
riglitly awaited, when he cone, raised them from the place of the dead »*.
You see that those who like the prophets lived in Jesus Christ, that is in
justice and saintly deeds, benefited bv our Saviour's descent into Sheol;
many of whose bodies arose, and appeared for the confirmation only of the
power of him who went down into the lower parts of tlie earth as 1 said, not
to give the recompense of the resurrection that is promised to all together,
on the day of the righteous recompensing.

‎(And loxer down.) « For to this end it was preached to the dead also, that

‎1. Ad. Trall., v. — 2. Ad Magn., (111, Ix.

‎M 52 v? b.
