‎CXVII. — TO CAESARIA. 287‏ ,457[
‎asso το.‏ ܠܐܘܬܗ. ‎(opus‏ ܘܢܫܬܓܫܘܢ ܒܕܚܠܬܐ ‎JR so‏ ܘܢܬܗܪܘܢ
ܒܪܒܘܬܐ ܕܦܘܪܩܢܗ. ܘܢܐܡܪܘܢ ܟܕ ܬܘܚܢ ‎AOORELS‏ + ܘܒܐܠܝܨܘܬܐ ܕܪܘܚܐ ܢܬܬܢܚܘܢ
ܘܢܐܡܪܘܢ. ْ ܗܢܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܗܽܘ ܕܗܝܕܝܢ ܠܓܘܚܟܐ ‎λο‏ || ! ܘܠܝܝܣܕܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
ܗܘܐ ܠܢ ‎SEM‏ ܠܚܝܘ̈ܗܝ܂ ܦܛܛܚܘܬܐ .5« ܘܠܡܘܬܗܼ ‎Ian] ἈΝ‏
ܐܬܚܒ ܒܟܥ̈ܝܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ .. ܘܥܡ ܩܕܝܫ̈ܐ ‎ὁμδ‏ ܝܪܬܘܬܗ. ‎Γι M‏ ܡܢ ܐܘܪܚܐ
ܕܫܪܪܐ. ܘܢܘܗܪܐ ‎Jlanssys‏ ܠܐ ܐܕܡܠܝܝ ܠܢ. ܗܐ ܗܟܝܠ ‎Ka‏ ܕܡܛܠܬܗܘܢ ‎HR‏
‎sjNSGe‏ ܟܕ ܒܪܚܡܘܬܐ ܒܝܫܬܐ ܘܕܐܒܕܢܐ ܗܘܘ ‎jM‏ ܪ̈ܚܡܐ܂. ‎Lin! Bea‏
ܘܒܕܝܕܢܐ܂ ܡܫܬܘܕܥܝܢ ܠܚܕ̈ܕܐ. ܘܠܙܕܝܩܐ ‎où‏ ܕܒܗܢܐ ܥܠܡܐ ܕܠܐ ‎οσοι‏ ܫܝܠܛܝܢ ܗܘܘ
‎Luis; che Deo‏ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܐܬܚܫܒ. ܘܥܡ ܩܕܝ̈ܫܐ ‎P cena‏ ܝܪܬܘܬܐܼ.
ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܟܝܠ ܡܬܦܪܫܝܢ.. ܗܿܢܘܢ ‎Lis [exc x9‏ ܐܝܟ ‎So‏ ܐܘ
ܠܢܘܪܐ ܕܠܐ ‎οἱ jas,‏ ܠܚܘܪܩ ‎[ia‏ ܘܠܒܟܝܐ ܘܠܬܘܠܥܐ ܗܺܝ ܕܠܐ ܡܝܘܬܐܝܬ ‎Ross‏
‎Lio‏ , ܕܒܙܢܝ̈ܐ ‎ul‏ ܗܟܝܢ ܡܫܬܕܪܝܢ. ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܢ , ‎Léojf‏ ܛܘܒ̈ܬܢܐ ‎«à‏
‏ܕܒܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܕܫܡܝܐ. ܗܳܝ ܓܝܪ ܕܢܬܬܪܝܡ ܪܫܝܥܐ ܕܠܐ ‎Jus‏ ܬܫܒܘܚܬܐ ܕܡܪܝܐ..

‎1. Gom. ©: — 2, (t sing. 4. )1 ‏ܢܣܒ‎

‎and be troubled with sore fear, and thev shall be amazed at the greatnoss
of his salvation. — Aud repenting in their soul they shall sav, and in allliction
of spirit they shall groan and say, ‘This was lie who was then to us fools
for a derision and a parable and a reproach. lis life we counted follv,
and his death contemptible. low is it that he batli been counted among the
sons of God aud his inheritanee is with the saints? Did we then err. from
the way of truth, and did the light of justice not shine upon us?' »' Lo!
therefore tluy of whom we speak, who were friends to one another with the
evil friendship that 18 ol perdition, on the last day at the judgment shall
recognise one another, and tlie just man, whom in this world they senselessly
set at nauglit ind. derided, they shall see to have heen counted among the
sons of God and to be receiving inheritance with the saints; and so thercafter
they shall be separated, tlie one party to tlie outer darkness as it is written?,
or to the fire that is not quenched, or to the gnashing of teeth and to the
weeping and to the worm that undyingly torinents, and to jndgments that
are sent in such forms, and the other lo the blessed abodes in tlie kingdom
ofheaven. For the words « Let the wicked man be taken away that he see
not the glorv of the Lord »* are spoken with tliis meaniug, that he shall not

‎1. Sap., 1v. 20 — v. ‏,ܘܐ‎ — 2. λα Εαν, viti, 12; NSIL, D3; XXV, 30, — ὃν Is XXXVI, Τα,

‎G 58 1? à.
