160 v? a.

64 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [234]

ܠܟܠܗ ܦܓܪܗ ‎πλου ης‏ ܡܝܢ 3:90 ‎J‏ ܩܕܡ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܦܝܘܠܘܣ ' ܒܛܠ ..
ܟܕ ܒܤܗܕܘܬܐ ܕܟܬܐܒ̈ܐ ܐܠܗ̈ܝܐ ܐܬܓܓܝܘܣ 300 ܢܗܽܘܘܢ ܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܚܕ ‎(MAD‏ ܕܠܘ
ܓܝܪ ܗܼܘ ܟܕ ‎oot‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎foule‏ ܘܛܢܦܘܬܐ ܕܫܪܟܐ ‎Joli‏ ܘܕܙܢܚܘܬܐ: ܐܠܐ ܕܚܬܛܗܐ
ܡܶܢ ܗܽܘ ܕܡܝܢ ܙܢܝܘܬܐ ܛܒ ܡܒܕܥܕ ܡܢ ‎EN‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܡܝܢ ܟܠܝ ܣܦܝܩܐ
3« ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܐܠܗܝܬܐ ܥܒܕ ܠܗ ‎AS‏ ܕܡܙܢܐ ܒܝܦܓܪܗ: ‎οἱ‏ ܟܝܬ ܒ ܗܝܟܠܐ
ܕܐܠܗܐ .. ܗܕܐ ܢܗܝܪܐܝܬ ܡܘܕܥܝܐ.. ܡ ܟܬܒܝܢܝܘܬܐ ܗܝ ܕܡܛܠ ܝܡܒܫܘܢ. ܗܢܐ
ܓܝܪ ܘܩܕܡ ܒܛܛܢܗ.. ܒܚܕ ‎pa So Jollsos JLo‏ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܐܡ ܙܘ ܥܝܩܪܕܬܐ ܗܘܬ .
ܘܐܒܝܘܗܝ ‎rase‏ ܘܟܕ ‎y 2i) lo «ἂ-5}}‏ ܦܝܘܩܕܙܗ ܕܡܠܐܟܐ ‎ull: où‏
‎Ml‏ ܣܘܥܪܢܗ. ܐܡܚܪ ‎NX‏ ܕܬܛܪܝܢ ° ܘܠܐ ‎IN‏ ܐ ܚܡܡܪܐ ܘܠܐ ܫܟܪܐ܂. ܘܠܐ
ܬܐܟܠܝܢ ܘܟܠ ܕܡܛܛܥܝܼܦ. ‎«Slo SN Bis Jon‏ ܒܪܐܼ. ܘܦܪܙܠܐ܂ ܠܐ ܢܣܝܼܩ ܥܠ
‎ons‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܢܙܝܪܐ ܗܘ ܠܐܠܗܐ ‎oa‏ ܛܠܝܐ ܡܢ ܟܪܣܟܝ. ܘܪܒܐ݀ ܘܗܘܼܐ ܕܪܒ ܛܒ܆.
‎ye‏ ܡܢ ܡܪܝܐ. ‎Looio‏ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܥܠ ܛܠܚܐ. ܕܒܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ܣܝ ܘܥ ܕܙܐ
‎fopisol‏ ܘܦܟ̈ܝܚܝܐ ‎Sim‏ ܗܘܐ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ‎ois‏ ܗܘܐ ‎pad‏ ܢܡܘܣܗ ܕܡܪܝܐ.. ‎Je‏

1, Erasure (9:2 — 2, Ms. 60

This objection the blessed Paul demolished beforehand by having recourse
to the divine Seriptures and saying, « They two shall be one flesh » '. That
the sin and pollution of the other sins and those of fornieation are not the
same, but that the sin that arises from fornication 18 far removed from these,
because it renders the man who commits fornieation. with his body, or with
the temple οἱ God, suddenly void of divine grace, this is clearly signified by
the story of Samson. Ile even before his conception received a command-
ment by the voice of an angel, his inother being barren and his father
Manoah?; and, when he had been conceived and grown up, his affairs were
determined according to the commandment of the angel who appeared; for
he said, « Thou shalt observe and not drink either wine or strong drink,
and thou shall not eat aught that is defiled; for lo! thou sbalt. conceive and
shalt hear a son, and iron shall not go up upon his head, because the boy
is a Nazirite unto God from thy womb »?..— And he grew up and became
very groal, and he was blessed by the Lord, and the Spirit of God was upon
the boy, through whom he wrought marvellons and glorions deeds. But,

1.1 Cor, v1, 16, — ὃν Sic Syr. — 3. Jud., xir, 4, 5.
