10 29 ‏ܒ‎ b.

74 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [2^4]

ܕܐܪܡܝܐ ܐܸܡܿܪ. ` ܘܗܘܘ ‎dem»‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܠܐ ܢܫܟܚܘܢ ‎[aos‏ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܢܥܡܪ݀ ܒܪܗܘܢ , ‎a‏

ܠܝܕܐ ܗܽܘ! ܐܝܟ ܕܠܝܡܐܡܪ ܕܬܪ̈ܥܐ ܕܢܚܫܐ ܘܡܘ̈ܟܠܐ ܕܦܪܙܠܐ: ‎aus‏ ܘܪܨܪܨ ܒܚܝܠܐ
ܕܡܬܒܪܢܫܢܘܬܐ ܐܠܗܝܬܐ.. ‎où‏ ܕܐܡܼܪ ܕܕܩܛܚܪ̈ܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ̄ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܕܫܡܝܐܼ܇
ܘܩܛܝܚܪ̈ܢܐ ܡܚܛܦܝܢ ܠܗ ܘܐܬܠ ܠܟ ‎Jo‏ ܡܛܫ̈ܝܬܐ ܘܟܣ̈ܫܬܐ. ܘܠܐ
ܡܬܚܝ̈ܙܝܢܝܬܐ ܐܦܬܘܚ° ܠܟ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܬܕܥ ‎μὴ‏ ܐܝܬܝ ܡܪܝܐ ܐܠܗܐ ‎Jos où‏
ܠܫܡܟ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܐܝܣܪܝܠ. ܡܛܠ ܝܥܩܘܒ ܥܒܝܼܕܝ ܘܐܝܣܪܝܠ ‎MAR‏ ܘܟܕ ܕܝܢ
ܫܪܝܢܢ ܒܗ ‎Lee‏ ܩܕܡܝܢ ܐܡܪܢܢ. ܕܐܦ ܠܗܘܢ ܠܥܘ̈ܡܩܐ ܕܐܪܥܐ ܕܒܒܠ ‎rs‏
‏ܟܘܪܫ. ܘܠܟܠܗ ‎LO Ra Εαν‏ ܒܫܒܝܬܐ ܢܣܝܼܒ. ܗܕܐ ܗܘܟܝܠ ܡܢܬܘܕܐ ܠܗ
ܠܟܘܪܝܫ ܒܝܕ ܒܪܬ ܩܠܐ ܗܼܘ ܐܠܗܐ ܟܕ ܐܡܿܪ. ‎NL‏ ܠܟ ܣܝܡ̈ܡܬܐ ܡܛܥ̈ܝܬܐ
ܘܟܣ̈ܝܬܐ܂ ܘܠܐ ܡܬܚܚ̈ܙܝܢܝܬܐ ܐܦܬܘܚ ܠܟ. ܕܬܕܥ܂ ‎μὲ hl‏ ܡܪܝܐ ‎οὐ po‏
‎E‏ ܫܡܟ. ܐܠܗܐ ܕܐܝܣܪܝܠ. ܫܡܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܡܠܟܘܬܐ ‎AA Sos τοὶ‏ ܘܡܫܝܚܐ̈
ܟܢܝܗ. ‎p] caros‏ ܡܫܟܚ ܐܢܬ: ܡܛܠ ܝܥܩܘܒ ܥܒܝܼܕܝ ܘܐܝܣܪܝܠ ‎(A‏

1. Mss. oo. — 2, K ‏ܗ‎ for à. — 3. K e 59l. — 4. Καὶ om. — 5. e added above in K.

become pieces of flesh'', so that they are not able to have God's spirit
dwelling in them. That character so to speak of gates of bronze and bars?
of iron was shattered. and crushed by the power of the divine Incarnation
hy him who said, « The kingdom of heaven belongs to violent men, and
violent men seize it »*, and, € 1 will give thee hidden and secret treasures,
and invisible ones will I open to thee that thou mayst know that Ε am the
Lord God who calleth thy name, the God of Israel, because of Jacob my
bondman and Israel my chosen »*. And we said before at the beginning
of the composition that Cyrus searched the very depths of ihe earth
themselves in Babylon, and carried all the riches of the Dabylonians into
captivity. This therefore God himself promises to Cyrus hy word of mouth,
saying, « 1 will give thee hidden and seerel treasures, and invisible ones
will 1 open to thee, that thou mayst know that I am the Lord thy God,
who called thy name, the God of Israel ». But he uses the name *kingdom',
on account of which he also termed him *anointed ?..— « These », he says,
« you shall find, because of Jacob my bondman and lsrac] my chosen »,

1. 1 cannot lraec this quolation. All this parl of the letter i» corrupt in the mss., and il is only by
free emendalion that I can produce any sense, — 2. μοχ)ός. — 3, Mallh., X1, 12. — ἂν Is., XLv, 3, 4 —*
5. [bid., 1. There is no mention of the name ‘hingdom in our texts, bul only ἰσχὺν βασιλέων.
