LXVI

V 197 v
(I 14 1 a).

a08-11.

68 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [238]

ܩܘ̈ܙܢܬܝܐ܂. ‎καλῶν Jos‏ ܗܘܘ. ‎Kaas ο κ. ys NS ol‏ ܙܢܚܘܬܐ:
ܘܙܢܚܘܬܐ ‎y‏ ܗܕܐ܂. ܗܝ ܕܐܦܠܐ ‎Lans) .Josokaso [30537 Nas‏ ܕܐܢܫ ‎JNo]‏
‏ܐܒܘܗܝ ܬܗܘܐ ܠܗ. ܘܦܪܝ ܡܝܢ ܒܩܠܛܐܓܪܢܘܬܐ ܕܐܝܟ ܗܕܐ܂. ܡܢܗ ‎NS aas‏ ܕܠܐ
ܢܡܘܣܝ. ‎aseo‏ ܥܠ ܟܠܗ ‎flou‏ . ܒܣܟܝܢܐ ܪܘܚܢܝܬܐ ܡܬܝ ‎μ.ο sua‏
‎je yn‏ ܠܝܪܘܡܐ ‎oes]‏ ܘܚܝܼܙܝ ܠܚܬܝܬܘܬ ܡܪܚܡܢܘܬܗ ܕܐܠܗܐ :. ]|
ܕܒܡܟܬܒܢܘܬܐ ‎Qai iso;‏ ܡܚܝܕܐ ܓܝܪ ‎«lou, £x:‏ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ‎JL—‏
‎Luis Lois Hisposo‏ ܡܢܗ. ܒܪܡ ܕܚܢ ܡܫܬܦܥ ܗܘܐ ܠܘܬܗ ܒܚܝܠܐ ܘܒܡܥܒܕܢܘܬܐ
‎Raul:‏ ܕܡܬܬܪ̈ܨܢ. ܟܕ ‎ἡ‏ ܠܬܝܒܘܬܐ ‎ου‏ ܚܛܗܐ ܡܣܬܚܦ

ܘܡܫܬܕܐ܆. ‎oou]‏ ܕܒܓܘܒܐ ܕܦܣܕܩ ܣܒܪܐ ‎uu‏ ܠܢ ܠܐ ‎cle‏

ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ܣܐܘܪܐ ܡܢ ‎rire‏ ܕܠܘܬ ܐܘܦܪܟܣܝܘܣ܀

ܠܘ ܓܝܪ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܠܚܙ̈ܘܓܙܐ ‎Jl] Lio «59 ς σοι‏ ܘܠܡܖ̈ܕܘܬܐ ‎Lie‏
‎o)‏ ܗܿܢܝܢ ܕܠܘܬ ܬܘܪܨܐ ܕܝܠܢ ܡܬܬܝ̈ܬܝܢ ܡܢ ܫܡܝܐ.. ܥܝ ܕܐ ܗܘ ܠܟܬܒܐ ܕܢܩܪܐ

Corinthians sinned wickedly in this respect: for he said, « Such fornication
is reported among you, and fornication of such a kind that is not even
named among the peoples, that a man should have his father's wife »'. He
began with an accusation ol this kind, founded upon the particular unlawful
intercourse, and he went on lo use the spiritual knife against all fornication;
and he raised a charge of this kind to a height. Look at the strict merci-
fulness of God, as in the history of Samson. ΑΔ soon as he had committed
fornication, the grace of the sanctifying power ol the Spirit departed from
him, but it was nevertheless poured out upon him in the power aud operation
of the suecesses obtained by him, giviug an opportunity for repeutance by
means of which every sin is overthrown and cast out, unless we throw our-
selves into the pit of despair?.

LXVI. — Or vix ΠΟΙ SEVERTS FROM TUE LETTER To EvpPnaxiUs.

Vor not only the manifestations of wrath that arise from wars, but also
the chastisements οἳ mauy kinds which are brought to pass from heaven
for our correction it is the habit of Scripture to call ‏ܙ‎ — For the prophot

V. I Cor, v. 1. — 2, A Greek extracl ἐκ τῶν πρὸς V. χουδικουλάριον ἀποχρισέων is published in Cramer,
Cal. in Luc et Jo, p. 225, bul tlie passage is not in our :
