[275] LXN. — TO ANASTASIA. 105

ܒܣܘܟܠܐ ܐܚܪܢܐ,. ܒܢ̈ܝ ܢܦܝ̈ܨܐ' ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ. ̈ܦܝܨܐ ܓܝܪ ܟܬܒܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ.. ‎π‏
‎La‏ ܘܫ̈ܠܝܚܐ ‎«οο αλλο Jo‏ ܗܿܢܘܢ ‎y‏ ܗܠܝܝܢ ܐܬܕܒܪܘ. ܡܛܠ ܕܟܠ
ܐܪܥܙܬܫܘܬܐ: ‎ρα‏ ܟܝܬ ‎mo‏ ܪܘܬܐ ܐܝܟ ܩܛ ܡܐ ‎op‏ ܡܝܢ ܢܦܫܐ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ.
‎οἳ ο‏ ܝܘܩܢܐ ܕܥܦܪܢܐ ܘܕܒܪܢܫܐ ܥܬܝܩܐ. ܘܗܼܢܘܢ ܠܗܘܢ ܚܠܦ ܗܠܝܢ ܐܥܠܘ
ܘܪܫܡܘ ܒܗܘܢ ܠܝܘܩܢܐ ‎oùs‏ ܫܡܝܢܐ ܒܚܕ ‎Je Le‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܒܝܕ ‎Lal‏ ܠܘܬ
ܐܘܐܫܠܡ ܡܥܠ ܡܪܢ ܟܕ ]3 ܘܡܩܚܡ ‎RN‏ ܡܢ ܥܝܒ̈ܕܐ ‎S ass]‏
ܡܬܛܦܝܣܢܐܝܬ. ܦܨܼܝ ° ܡܢܟܝ ܠܦܪܐ ܘܩܘܡܝ. ܘܡܐܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܗܽܘ ܕܢܦܝܨ܂ ܡܢ ܣܣܐ
‎[5o 29 o . Kofkso JI‏ ܡܩܘܐ ‎Jo‏ ܐܟܝܬܐ. ܗܟܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܘܗܠܚܝܢ ܕܠܣܝܡܬܐ ‎Lis‏
‏ܒܚܕ ܝܨܝܦܘܬܐ ‎JM» ἢ‏ ܡܢ ܒܫ̈ܫܬܐ ܐܬܢܛܛܚܪܘ.. ‎νο Jess‏ ܬܟܠܝܢ
ܘܡܬܐܡܪܝܢ. ܘܬܘܒ . ܗܠܝܢ ‎Void S S Los) pe Jo {ἂν [sas y‏ ܕܥܠܡܐ
ܗܢܐ: ܘܠ .ܐܦܐ ‎fonds‏ ܠܐ ܡܫܬܚܠܦܢܐܝܬ ܡܩܟܠܝܢ. ܢܣܬܟܥܘܢ ܗܟܝܠ ‎ο.‏
‏ܘܣܓܝ ܘܰܠܝܐܝܬ݀'. ‎Lis‏ ܕܝܢ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܕܢ̈ܦܝܨܝܢ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ.. ܡ̈ܠܦܢܐ ܕܥܕܬܐ. ܕܐܚܟ
‎"ες‏ ܒܐܝܕܐ ‎cree b NS ay‏ ܡܫܟܚ ‎Όροι‏ ܓܝܪ ܐܠܗܐ ܡܪܝܐ ‎sea,‏
‎a‏ ܠܗܠܝܢ ‎pas‏ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ ܝܠܦܝܝܢ ܠܕܚܠܬ ܐܠܗܐ:. ܘܡܫܢܕܪ ܠܠܒܘ̈ܬܗܘܢ

1. K ‏.ܢܦܝܨܘܬܐ‎ — ὅν E o. — 3. E sing. — 4. Mss, So. — 5. K e.

Divine Scripture calls the holy prophets and apostles, and all wlio conducted
themselves like these, ‘the shaken', because they shook out of their own
soul like ashes all earthliness, whether thought or action, and all tho likeness
of the creature of dust and of the old man, and introduced into and impressed
upon themselves instead of these the likeness of tlie heavenly 0116 ' by means
of a new life, as tlirough the mouth of Isaiali our Lord is introduced saying
to Jerusalem, and raising lier obediently (9) from earthly deeds, « Shake the
dust from tlice and rise »?. And a garment that is shaken is not eaten by
moth, and remains whole and uneaten. So therefore also those who by
means of earnestuess that is not eaten by evil things have been preserved
for the adoption are understood to be and are called shaken. And again.
Those who like smooth rocks that canuot be brokeu receive without
changing the waves of this world and tlie assault of trials will therefore be
understood and that very rightly to be shaken : and the sons of those
who are shaken are the teachers of ilie church, who are held like arrows in
the hand of a mighty man. For God tlie Lord of hosts is able to shoot
those who through the same men lcarn religion, and to send into their

1. 1 Cor., xv, 47-49. — 2. Is., LI, 2.

E 64 τὸ b,
