E 55 τὸ b.

108 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. (278)

‎Ho Run‏ ܒܙܒܢܐ ‎l2»‏ ܕܡܢ ‎es‏ ܗܘܝܐ. ܐܦ ܓܝܪ ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܡܪܚܘܬܐ
‎NUS‏ ܡܬܝܨܥܢܐܝܬ ܙܹܝܢ ܡܣܬܒܝܐ ܀ ܕ ܐܦ ܕܥܠ ‎Ln fans)‏ ܕܩܚ̈ܛܠܝ ܠܐܠܗܐܼ
‎pia ολα»‏ ܐܗܘܐ܀ ܡܬܬܒܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ . ܟܕ ‎out 1 Loco‏
ܥܠܝܗܘܢ܇ ܘܥܠ ‎Gà»‏ ܝܗܘܕ ܘܥܠ ‎pif‏

‎Ser‏ ܫܪܝܢ 000 ‎Falls‏ ܡܫܡ̈ܠܝܬܐ.

‏ܘܒܥܕ̈ܢܐ ܕܣܬܘܐ ܒܝܫ̈ܬܐ ܕܡܢ ܩܪܒܐܼ ‎qae‏

‏ܗܘ̈ܝ. ܘܗܠܝܢ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܒܣܬܘܐܼ. * ܟܕ ܗܶܢܘܢ

‏ܕܡܬܟܬܟܝܢ ‎[ASE‏ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ 009. ܘܠܘ

‏]0 19.5« ܐܠܐ ܘܒܝܒܬܐ ܡܬܢܟܣܝܢ ‎oc‏

‏ܒܕܠܐ ܡܫܟܚܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܡܛܠ ‎Jas; μὰ δι.‏

‏ܕܢܙܝܢܘܢ 3 ܐܝܕܝܗܘܢ. ܘܢܥܒܕܘܢ ܬܒܥܬܐ ܡܢ

‏ܗܿܢܘܢ ‎iso)‏ ܗܘܘ ܥܡܗܘܢ. ܘܗܕܐ

‏ܒܝܬ ܙܒ̈ܢܝܢ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܢ ܪܫܝܡܐ ܡܢ ܗܠܝܢ

‏ܕܐܟܬܒܘ ܒܝܫ̈ܬܗܘܢ ܕܗܿܢܝܘܢ. ܕܡܛܠ

‎cni, qe [Nes Basel‏ ܥܠܝܗܘܢ.

‎Lg ‏ܕܫܒܬܐ ܨܥܪܘ. ܘܠܘܩܒܠ‎ 5M so

‏ܕܩܚܡܝܢ ܠܘܩܒܠܗܘܢ ‎Pang‏ 2

‏ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܦܘܠܬܐ ‎poa Jia,‏ ܠܬܢܚ̈ܬܐ

‏ܢܦܠܘ ܘܠܐܒܕܢܐܼ ܡܢܟܒܠܝܐܼ ܣܒܟܠܘ. ‎Hs‏

‏- ܕܝܢ ܕܫܘܠܡܐ ܘܕܐܢܛܝܟܪܝܣܛܘܣ' ܟܕ

‏ܡܬܥܠܝܢ ‎JS‏ ܕܦܪܘܩܢ ܕܡܛܠ ܢܟܒܫܘܬܐ

‎és ‏ܕܟܠ ܙܒܢ‎ μιδοαζομβον ‏ܡܥܬܙܐ‎ BI Sas ‏ܕܝܢ ܠܡܒ ܗܝ̈ܡܢܐ܆‎ [DR ‏ܕܒܘܒܫܬܪ̈ܬܐ‎ ἡ ‏ܡܥܬܐ ܠܡܗܝ ܡܢܐ‎ [p

‎1. Καὶ βοοῦν — $, E «ril: — 3. Mss. ‏ܕܢܙܝܥܘܢ‎ . — ἃν E ‏-ܬܕܐܢܛܝܦܪܣܛܘܣ‎

‎of the captivity at the hands of the Romans', but in a higher sense it is
expected to take place at the end of the whole world. In fact after the
outrage on the cross the judgment of God-slayers was exacted from them
when the Romans took arms against them, and encamped over all Judaea
and over the country round for whole years, and during the winter-seasons
the evil consequences of war prevailed, and these especially in the winter
when the fighting-men were idle; and not so only, but on the sabbath also
they were slaughtered, because on account of the cessation of the sabbath
they could not take arms in their lands and exact vengeance from those
who were fighting with ilem. — And this is often recorded by those who
described the calamities of those men, that, by reason of the distress of the
calamities which came upon them, they disregarded even the cessation of
the sabbath, and took arms against their adversaries : nevertheless even so
they fell with a complete and lamentable fall, and endured utter ruin. But,
when our Saviour's words in respect of this prophecy are raised in meaning

‏ܫ

‎eo as to refer to the time of the eud and of Antichrist, it induces believers

‎1. A. v. (ER! ow.
