[301] LNNVI. — TO GEORGIA 121

.< ܕܩܕܝܫܐ ܡܪܝ ܣܝܩܕܘܪܐ܆ ܡܢ ܐܓܪܬܐ ܕܠܘܬ ܓܘܪܓܝܐ

7 ܐ \1

‎αλ ο {1 110 v* bj.‏ ܘܠܘܬ ܒܪܬܐ ܕܝܠܗ.

‎X9] ‏ܕܡܛܠ ܡܢܐ‎ Ra) Janus ‏ܡܿܥܠܝܘܬܐ‎ το ‏ܡܝܢ‎ NS La

‏ܫܘܠܡܐ ܕܡܡܬܠܐ ܕܫܠܘܡܘܢ܇. ܗܢܐ ܪܘܫܡܐ ܡܫܟܚܝܢܢ ܕܣܚܕܡ ܒܝܢܬܗܘܢ܇. ܐܝܟܢܐ
ܐܐ ܘܠܦܕ̈ܫܐ̇. ܗܠܝܝܢ ܕܣ ܝܡܘ ܐܘܟܝܬ ‏ ܛܟܣܘ ‎[LS‏ ܕܚܙܩܝܐ ܡܿܠܟܐ ܕܝܗܘܕܐ..
ܘܠܚ ܡܣܬܒܪܐ ܕܕܐܝܟ ܗܕܐ ܬܪܥܝܬܐ ܡܚܘܝܐ ܡܠܬܐ. ܕܡܶܡܬܠܐ ܡܝܢ ܐܝܠܝܢ
ܕܣܝܕܡܚܝܢ ܒܗ ܒܟܬܒܐ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܪ̈ܘܫܡܐ ‎T y joe‏ ܓܘܫܡܐ ܘܙܩܝܘ ܪܐ
ܡܛܟܣܚܝܢ ‎-.Rofaisso‏ ܗܢܘ ܕܝܢ ܕܣܕܝܪܐܝܬܐ ܣܤܫܕܡܝܝܢ ܘܡܠ ‎ον‏ ܟܕ ܗܟܢܐ
‎mag καλοῦν.‏ ܐܢܘܢ. ‎bi‏ ܕܝܢ ܘܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ‎S‏ ܠܗ ܐܝܟ ܕܒܦܬܓܡܐ
ܦܣܝ̈ܩܐ܂ ܡܒܕܪܐܝܬ ܡܬܬܝ̈ܬܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܡܫܬ ܥܐ ܕܝܢ ܗܕܐ ‎où MESE‏ ܕܡ̈ܶܠܟܘܬܐ:
ܕܡܠܠ ܫܠܘܡܘܢ ܬܠܬܐ ܐܠܦܝ̈ܝܢ ‎JAS‏ ܐܘܟܝܬ ‎JS‏ ܡܝܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܗܟܝܚܠ
ܕܡܒܕܪܐܝܬ ܣܤܚܕܡܚܢ ܗܘܘ: ܒܠܚܐܐܝܬ ܘܠܐ ‎Raja‏ ܘܠܘ ܐܝܟ ܕܒܝܣܝܕ ܪܐ

‎1. Ms. om.; ins. from the heading of he section in the ms. — 2. Ms. pl. — 3. Ms, ILaÿ=S,

‎LXXVI. — Or vue nov Man SEVERUS, vROM ΤΗΕ LETTER. To GEORGIA

‎THE PATRICIAN AND TO IIER DALGUTER",

‎Your modesty's highness asked me some time ago why towards the end 532-5 1).
of the proverbs of Solomon we find this heading placed among them, as it
were between two lines : « These are the indiscriminate admonitions or
proverbs of Solomon, which the friends of Hlezekiah king of Judali set down
or arranged οὗ; and it seems lo me that the sentence bears some such
meaning as this; that the proverbs contained in tie book down to this leading
are those which were discriminately arranged as one may say in one corpus
and volume, that is which were set down in order and collected, Solomon
having so arranged them; but many others also which were spoken by him
as in short uticrances were in a scaltered way current. And the book of
Kingdoms also states this, that Solomon spoke 3000 proverbs or parables*.
From those therefore that were set down in a scattered way, confusedly

‎1. Georgia nol being a common name, this addressee should probably be identified with the ας οἱ

‎S. L., X, 8; bul, as she was Ihen unmarried, the present léeller must have been written. much later. -
2. Pre, xxv, I. — 3. III Reg. HI. 32.
