E 64 ve a.

K 53 v°.

E 64 ve b.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [276]‏ 106
ܓܐܪܐ' ܕܚܟܡܬܐ. ܓܐܪܐ ܕܙܕܚܩܘܬܐ܆:. ܓܐܪܐ ܕܚܘܒܐ ܕܒܗ܆. ‎οὐ‏ ܕܠܟܠܗܝܢ ܡܫܬܪ̈ܬܐ
‎Das pan |‏ ܕܝܢ ܘܒܚܕ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ ܘܠܗܠܝܢ ܕܩܝܡܝܢ ܠܘܩܒܠ ܡܠܬܐ ‎«Ἔγω‏
‏ܟܕ ܟܫ̈ܛܐ ܕܡ̈ܟܣܢܘܬܐ 5,250 ܠܦܘܢܝܐ ܕܦܘܪܩܢܐ ° ‎NI‏ ܗܼܘ ‎xv‏ ܠܗܠܝܢ ‎DC‏
‎ο Ai‏ ܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܐܝܟ ‎τις‏ ܒܐܝܕܐ ܕܚܝܠܬܢܐ.. ܝܗ̇ܒ ܡܟܝܠ
ܛܘܒܐ܂ ܘܐܡܿܪ. ܕܛܘܒܘܗܝ ܠܝܓܒܪܐ ‎Jess‏ ܪܓܬܗ ܡܢܗܘܢ. ܛܘܒܐ ܓܝܪ ܡܬܝܗܒ
ܠܡܬܝܦܢܐ ܕܡܡܠܐ ܪܓܬܗ.. ܒܝܕ ‎ul JR‏ ܗܠܚܝܢ. ܪܓܬܗ ܕܝܢ ܕܡܠܦܢܐ:
ܡܢܐ ‎el‏ ܐܝܬܝܪܗܿܢ. ܐܠܐ ܐܸܢ ‎Jae Mile‏ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܫܬܘܙܒܝܝܢ. ܘܗܕܐ ܗܟܝܠ
ܬܤܬܟܠ ܠܘ ܥܠ ܡܠܦܢܐ ܒܠ ܚܘܕ. ܐܠܐ ܘܒܠ ܟܠ ܟܪܣܬܛܝܢܐ ‎SL,‏
‎ΙΓ ses‏ ܘܐܝܟ ܡܐ ܕܒܓܐܪ̈ܐ ܒܚܕ ܗܘܦܟܐ ‎AN ο) Etes‏ ܐ ܘܠܘܬ ܕܡܘܬܐ
ܕܝܠܗ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܕܫܪܟܐ ܢܬܦ. ܗܿܢܘܢ ܓܝܪ ‎jason‏ ܡܠܦܝܢ: ‎Nase]‏ ܚܝܝܢ: ܠܐ
‎lots‏ ܟܕ ܡܡܥܠܝܢ ܥܡ ‎oor, S‏ ܒܬܪܠܐ. ܬܪܥܐ ܕܝܢ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
ܡܦܩܢܐ ܕܡܢ ܥܠܡܐ ‎bo‏ ܐܦ ܓܝܪ ܟܕ ܢܦܩܝܢ ܡܝܢ ܥܠܡܐ: ܘܡܪܕܝܬܐ ܐܚܪܝܬܐ
‎iar‏ ܘܠܘܬܗ ܕܝܠܗ ° ܕܐܠܗܗܘܢ ܥܬܝܕܚܢ ܕܢܡܢܥܘܢ.. ܕܢܦܓܥܘܢ ܒܗܘܢ ܡܟܝܠ

‎1. Mss. ins. stop : here and om. after ‏.ܕܚܦܡܬܐ‎ — 2, E ‏.ܘܠܦܘܢܐ‎ — 3, K IL 790» with ο erased afler
qo— 4. Mss. sing. — 5, K bz,

‎hearts the arrow of wisdom, the arrow of righteousness, the arrow of love
in him, whieh comprises all the virtues; and through the same men also
he shoots those too who oppose the word of truth, sending shafts of
reproofs to effect a saving restoration if they will. To these sons of the
shaken therefore, who are as arrows in the hand of a mighty man, he next
gives a blessing, and says, « Blessed is the man who shall fill bis desire from
them »' : fora blessing is given to the teacher who fills his desire bv means
ol such arrows. But what else is the teacher's desire except the things that
are for the prolit of the souls of those that are saved? — And this therefore
should be understood not of a teacher only, but also of every Christian
who lives virtuously, and through his own manner of life shoots everyone
else as with arrows, aud draws them to his own pattern. For those who
so teach, or live, ‘shall not be ashamed when they speak with their enemies
in the gate'?; and the gate is the exit from this world. For, even when
they depart from the world, and take the last journey, and are about to go
lo the aetual. presence of their God himself, the demons the enemies of
man's life are no longer able to encounter them; because, when they take

‎l|. Ps. cxx v1, 5. — 9. 606
