‎LXNXIIL — TO JOIN. 133‏ !303
ܟܬܒ ܗܟܢܐ. ‎où‏ ܩܕܡܝܐ ܟܕ ܦܬܟܕ̈ܐ ‎mass Lis) . ame‏ ܗܽܘ ܕܬܪܝܢ ܟܕ ‎Lis‏
‎Ji» Ji RN eM‏ ܒܬܪܟܢ ܟܕ ܚܕܐ ܙܒܢ ‎aS so‏ ܠܡܬܬܪܝܡܢܘܬܐ.. ܘܗܽܘ
‎(ado‏ ܕܐܧܫܬܒܝ̣ܩ ‎«OS nac.‏ ܡܶܢ܂ ‎JR‏ ܗܿܢܘܢ ‎A)‏ ܠܓܙܘܪܬܐ. ‎oooto‏ ܝܚܠܦ
‎σον D basés‏ ܚܠܦ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܟܪ̈ܣܛܛܝܢܐ.. ܟܕ ‎να.»‏ ܕܒܕܐܝܕܐ ܒܕܐܝܕܐ.
ܐܬܩܬܪܒܘ ܠܘܐ ܐܘܢܓܠܚܘܢ. ܢܦܣܟ ܗܕܐ ܦܘܠܝܘܣ܆. ܕܡܢ ܗܺܝ ܕܢܓܙܘܪ ‎μονο‏
‎μοι]‏ ܠܘܬ ܘܝ ‎μ᾽ sols‏ ܕܝܝܢ ‎oou] «δὶ‏ ܕܓܙܘܪܬܐ ‎DES‏ ܡܟܪܙ ‎dal‏
‏ܠܡܢܐ ܬܘܒ ܡܬܪܕܦ ‎2à «μή‏ ܕܡܕܒܪܢܘܬܐ: ܗܕܐ ‎acer‏ ܕܓܡܝܪܘܬܐ܀ ܕܠܘܬ ܥܪܘܩܝܐ
ܓܚܪ ܕܡܢ ܦܘܠܚܝܬܐ ܕܦܬܟܪ̈ܐ: ܐܫܦ ܐܠܗܐ ‎γόμα LS‏ ܘܡܘܦܐ: ܟܕ ܒܗܽܘ ‎Las‏
‏ܟܬܒ ܗܘܐ ܗܟܢܐ. ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ‎iso:‏ ܕܠܐ ‎«δῶ λα‏ ܕܡܢ ܐܝܣܪܐܝܠ ܕܟܠ .]23[
‎JA»‏ ܒܕܘܟܬܐ ܐܚܪܬܐ ‎το‏ ܐܐ ܐܢ ܒܡܫܟܢܬ ‎Jo Joss où‏ ܢܕܒܚܘܢ
ܬܘܒ ܠܕܒܚܐ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ ܠܣܕܪ̈ܝܩܘܬܐ: ܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܗܼܢܘܢ ܡܿܙܢܝܢ ܒܬܪܗܘܢ. ‎N00 κα δι‏
ܕܠܥܡܐ ‎:fiss où‏ ܘܕܠܘܬ ܡܙܫܚܢܘܬܐ ܡܫܡܠܝܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎μόι‏ ܕܒܝܕ ‎Loo:‏ ܐܶܡܪ
‎J Li‏ ܡܨܐ ܗܘܐ ‎amy‏ ܐܬܬܐܣܝ̈ܡܝܢ ܢܡܘܣܐ:. ܗܥܝܢ ‎κ»‏ ܡܫܡܠܝܘܬܐ ‎SAL]‏

‎1. Ms. wt.

‎same way Gregory the Theologian' also in the homilv on the Holy Spirit
wrote thus : « The first, when it cut away idols conceded sacrifices : the
second, when it caused sacrifices to pass away, did not forbid circumcieion.
But afterwards, when they had once accepted the suppression, they conceded
even what had leen conceded, the one sacrifices, the other cireumeision ; and
they became instead of Gentiles Jews, and instead of these Christians,
having by a gradual change of position been brought near to the gospel.
Let Paul persuade you of this, who [rom cireumcising and being purified
was brought to sav : ‘But as for me, my brethren, if 1 still preach. cir-
cumeision, why do 1 continue to be persecuted?' The one is ἃ matter of
the dispensation, the other of perfection »?.

‎That God permitted sacrifices in order to lead men to shun idolatrv,
Moses also testifies, since in Levitieus he wrote thus, after he had said that
those of Israel were not allowed to perform any kind of sacrifice in another
place besides the tent of witness : « And they shall no longer perform their
own sacrifice to the vanities after whom they themselves go ἃ whoring »*,
When therefore we say that the enactments which were laid down for that
infant people, who were incapable of rising to the perfect service of God,

‎1, θεολόγος. — 2, Or. Theol v, 25. — 3. Lev., XVII, 7.
