[237] LXVI. — TO EUPRAXIUS. 67

ܟܕ ܐܠܗܐ ܐܝܟ ܡܐ ܕܐܡܪܢ.. ‎Kiss‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗْ ܠܗܕܐ. ܕܗܠܝܢ ܡܝܢ ܢܐܒܕܘܢ.. ܐܚܡ
ܐܝܠܝܢ ‎eias],‏ ܥܠ ܐܝܣܪܐܝܠ. ܘܠܘܬ ܟܠ ܣܘܥܪܢܐ ܪܒܐ ܘܬܡܝܗܐ ܘܦܒܚܝܚܐ
ܕܣܥܪ ܗܘܐ ܡ ܘܕܥ ܟܬܒܐ܂ ‎rt lo‏ ܪܘܚܗ ܕܡܪܝܐ ܥܠܘܗܝ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܢܝܚܬ
ܠܓܙܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܟܬܝܒ: ‎Jo‏ ܬܡܢ ܐܢܬܬܐ ‎"Sri so JA cag‏ ܒܗܝܢ ܟܕ ܒܗܝܢ
ܒܦܐܝ̈ܬܐ ‎Joot LE‏ + ܘܒܗܘܢ ܟܕ ܒܗܘܢ ‎NES n Jas Rs‏ ܗܘܐܼ. ܘܒܚܝܠܐ
ܣܓܝܐܐ ܠܘܬ ܣܥܘܪܘܬܐ ‎ln‏ ܗܠܝܢ ‎Joux deae Naso‏ ܟܕ ܐܠܗܐ ܡܔܪܓ ܗܘܐ
ܠܗ ܠܘܬ ܗܠܝܝܢ. ‎ἢ AS‏ ܡܟܝܠ ‎où‏ ܟܬܒܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ ܡܢ ܒܬ ܪ ܙܢܚܘܬܐ܆.
ܒܐܝܥܝܢ ܕܡܢܗ ܡܬ :ܪܨܢ ‎EIE‏ ܕܐܕܠܚܬ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܪܘܚܪܘ! ‎yn‏
‏ܗܟܢܐ ܓܝܪ ‎Joe oot NS]‏ ܕܙܢܝܘܬܐ܆. ‎où‏ ܕܒܦܓܪܐ ‎qa» Nae‏ 906 ܕܝܢ ܕܒܐܠܗܐ
ܡܬܚܝܼܛܐ.. ܕܠܪܘܚܐ ‎Lao‏ ܡܥܪܩ. ܡܛܠܗܢܐ ‎lo‏ ܚܟܝܡܐ ܦܘܬܘܣ ܐܶܡܳܪ . ‎où‏
‎Jus‏ ܒܦܓܪܗ ‎Xe oca‏ ܠܘ ° ܐܝܟ ܡܶܢ ܕܚܚ̈ܛܗܐ ܕܫܪܟܐ ܠܐ ‎νο‏ ܝܥ̈ܝܒܝܐ
ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ. ܠܟܠܗܘܢ ܓܚܪ ܡܦܘܠܬܐ ‎xor‏ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܗܘܢ. ܐܠܐ ܡܛܠ
‎sans Joi‏ ܗܘܬ ܡܬܚܦܛ ܗܘܐ ‎Lis. Jena‏ ܗܝ ‎slang‏ ܘܡܢ ‎SAINS‏
‎y‏ ܕܡܝܢ ܥܩܪܐ 2080" ‎b LS où‏ ܗܘܐ ܕܢܥܝܩܘܪ. ܡܛܠ ܕܪܫܝܥܐܝܬ

1. ins. in marg.

same thing, that these men should perish, as men who had oppressed Israel :
and at every great and wonderful and glorious deed that he did Scripture
stated and said that the Spirit of the Lord came mightily upon him'. And,
after he had gone down to Gaza as is written?, and had there seen a harlot
and gone in to her, he shone with the same brilliant deeds and was resplen-
dent with the same good successes, and with great power advanced to such
acts, God instigating him to these. — Nevertheless after the fornication on
the occasion of the successes gained by him the divine Scripture no longer
stated that the spirit of the Lord came mightily upon him; for the sin of
fornication which is committed against the body, that is which is a sin
against God, is of such a kind as to drive away the Holy Spirit. Whorefore
also the wise Paul too says, « He who commits fornication sius against his
own body », not as if the other sius were not objects of condeinnation, for
all of them contain a falling from the kingdom, but for the reason that was
stated he was desirous to show that fornication is evil, and he wished to
eradicate the passion itself from every man, as from some root; because the

1. Jud., Xv, 14. - - 3. Id., xvi, 1.

101 re a.
