70 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [240]

‎JI‏ ܘܕܚܡ ܗܘܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ‎..Jiotas‏ ܠܐ ‎5e ol]‏ ܗܘܐ ‎"ραν‏ ܡܢ ܣܟܪܐ ܕܓܘܫܡܐ
ܫܡܝܢܐ. ܟܕ ܓܝܪ ܙܘܗܪܐ ‎lasers | PETS «cell‏ ܬܛܠܝܠܐ ܐܬܡܬܚ ܠܥܠ ܡܢ
‎où Ji luou fi]‏ ܕܒܡܨܥܬܐ ‎Ji‏ ܙ ܗܝܪܐ ܗܘܼܐ. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܐܬܩܝܚܡ ‎Rp‏
‏ܚܫܘܟܐ.. ܟܕ ܠܐ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ܩܕܝܚܡ ܘܥܠ ܗܕܐ ‎ko)‏ ܢܩ ‎Pass où‏ ܕܟܠ ܕܢܐܡܪ..
ܠܘܬ ܡܙܗܪܢܘܬܐ ܕܚܥܘܟܐ ‎οἷοι‏ ܕܒܥܠܡܐ .« ܕܢܙܘܘܐܼ ܢܘܗܪܐ. ܟܠ ܓܝܪ ܚܫܘܟܐ܂ ܡܝܢ
‎NS‏ ܓܘܫܡܐ ܕܡܛܠܚܝܢ ܗܿܘܐ. ܡܛܠ .23 ‎«LA 30-0 J|‏ ܗܘܘ ‎CE Lisa‏
ܢܘܗܼܪܐ܂. ܠܐ ܓܐܕܫ ܗܘܐ ܚܫܘܟܐ. ܬܘܒ ܕܝܢ ܐܡܝܪܐ ܡܥܬܐ. ܐܝܟ ܕܠܒܘܛܠܐ ܕܐܠܗ̈ܐ
ܪܶܓܠܝ ‎Jes.‏ ܘܕܢܕܥ ܕܗܘܝܘ ‎fase A» Lois‏ ܘܠܘ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܡܝܪܝܢ
ܛܥܝܝ̈ܐ. ܕܐܚܪܢܐ ܗܘ ‎Lois‏ ܕܢܘܗܪܐ ܘܐܚܪܢܐ ܬܘܒ ‎ωὁι loose‏ ܕܝܢ ‎Loss DEM‏
ܘܒܪܐ ‎ous JA aos‏ ܕܣܘܟܠܐ ܕܪܘܟܒܐ ܕܡ̈ܝܠܐ܂. ܝܕܝܥܐ ‎Jess‏ ܠܗ ܠܦܘܫܩܐ.
)50+ ܓܝܪ. ‎sur‏ ܟܠܢܫ. ܕܐܢܐ ܐܝܬܝ ‎£x») où‏ ܫܝܢܐ ‎Jiso‏ ܒܝܫܬܐ. ܐܝܕܐ
‎.JA 5‏ ܗܝ ܕܣܩܘܒܬܐ ܝܬ ܡܬܦܪܫܐ ܠܘܩܒܠ ‎Jus‏ ܗܢܘ ܕܝܢ ‎,Lsio‏ ܘܚܪ̈ܘܒܝܐ̇°
‎JR;‏ ܕܒܟܐܢܘܬܐ ܡܛܠ ܚܛܗ̈ܝܢ ܡܬܬܝܬܝܢ ܥܠܝܢ. ܐܟܙܢܐ ܕܟܕ ܒܫܝܢܐ

‎1. Ms. o5]. — 2, Ms, om. ©.

‎made darkness. If light had not existed first, darkness would not have been
brought into being, from the shield of the heavenly body. When light
was formed, and heaven was stretched like a roof over the earth, the space
between became of uceessity' not light, and so darkness was accidentally
brought into being, not having existed bofore; and for this reason the
maker of all had need to say, in order to illuminate the darknoss that was in
the world, « Let there be light »?. All darkness is brought about by reason
of shadowing bodies; because, il bodies did not exist in tho way of tlie
light, darkness would not result. "lle words are moreover spoken in order
lo do away with the falsely-named gods, and that we may know that lie
is the Creator of night and of day, and not, as the deceivers say, that the
Creator of light is one and the creator ol darkness again another.

‎But the phrase « maketh peace and. createth evil » makes its interpre-
lation elear from the very understanding of the composition of the words :
for he meant, ‘Let everyone know that | am he who makes peace and
ereates evil. What evil? That which stands in active opposition to peace,
that is wars, and devastations of cities, which are justly brought upon us
on account of our sins : just as, when the sons of Israel sat in peace

‎1. &v&vxr. — 2. Gen., 1, 3.
