‎LXV. — TO EUPRAXIUS. 65‏ ]235[
‎Los joya,‏ ܠܫܘܒܩܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ‎Jla su lo .οοοι‏ ܕܪܘܚܐ ‎Nos‏ ܠܐ ‎Mns‏
‏ܗܘܐ . ‎Joke‏ ܕܝܢ ܕܙܢܝܘܬܐ.. ‎TX‏ ܡܢ ‎Jlas‏ ܕܪܘܚܐ ܥܒܕܗ. ܩܕܡܝܬ ‎RAD «Q6‏
ܥܠ ܢܡܘܣܐ:. ‎où‏ ܕܡܿܥܦܩܕ ‎23M‏ ܐܝܣܪܐ ܝ ܠ܆. ܕܠܐ ‎JS‏ ܕܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܢܘܟܙ̈ܝܝܢ
‎Qoo siis.‏ ܠܙܘܘܓܐ ܠܡܣܕܒ.. ܗܢܘܢ ܕܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܗܘܘ ܥܡ̈ܡܡܐ ܕܒܚܕܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ:.
ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܠܐܪܥܗܘܢ ܝܪܬܘ. ܐܡܪ ܓܝܪ ܫܡܫܘܢ.. ‎Rp‏ ܐܢܬܬܐ ܕܫܦܝܪܐ ܒܬܡܢܬ܆.
ܡܢ ‎JS‏ ܕܦܠܫ̈ܝܬܝܐ. ‎μοι‏ ܣܒܘܗ̇ ܠܝ ܐܢܬܬܐ. ܘܐܡܪ ܠܗ ܐܒܘܗܝ. ܠܡܐ ܠܐ
ܐܝܬ ܐܢܬܬܐ ܒܒܝܬܐ ‎ph‏ ܕܥܡܟ ܕܬܣܒ: ܕܐܙ ܐܠ ܐܢܬ ܠܘܬ ܦܠܫܝ̈ܬܝܐ ‎Jie»‏
‏ܕܐܣܝܼܒ ܠܝܟ ‎NT‏ ܒܪܡ ܕܝܢ ܠܐ ܐܦܝܣܘܗܝ. ܐܠܐ ܘܕܠܩܘܒܠܐ ܐܙܠܘ ܥܡܗ.
ܕܠܡܟܘܐܐ ܠܐ ܢܡܘܣܝ ܢܥܒܕܕܘܢ. ܘܐܠܗܐ ܡܶܢ ܡܪܠ ܗܘܐ ‎μοι;‏ ܪܘܦܥܐ ܠܠܒܕܐ
ܢܦܘܩܢ. ‎Lin)‏ ܕܠ ܦܠܫ̈ܬܝܐ ܢܬܒܝܘܥ ܐܢܝܘܢ.. ܘܟܕ ‎Ji‏ ܨܒܝܢ ‎is‏ ܐܝܣܪܐܝܠ.
ܡܚܚܬܢܝܘܬܗ ܓܚܪ ܕܢܡܝܢܝܘܢ.. ܥܠܝܼܬܐ ܗܘܬ ܠܐܒܝܕܢܗܘܢ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܐܙܠܝܢ ܗܘܘ
ܘܚܦܝܛܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܠܘܬ ‎ca‏ ܕܢܡܟܪܘܢ.. ‎fo)‏ ܩܠܝܠ ܡܢ ‎μοὶ‏ . ܘܢܝܦܠ
ܥܠ ‎Lil]‏ ܘܩܝܬܛ9ܠܗ ܐܝܟ ‎sus‏ ܢܩܛܘܠ ܓܕܝܐ ܙܥܘܪܐ. ܘܡܘܕܥ ܟܬܒܐ ‎LoN‏
‏ܕܐܕܠܚ : ‎ωοια‏ ܪܘܚܗ ܕܡܪܝܐ. ܐܘ ܟܝܬ ‎«ssl Ln JAa so 2.5.50 y‏

‎1. Ms. bre.

‎when he began to transgress the law of the Lord, the other sins were worthy
of forgiveness, and the grace of the Spirit did not yet depart from him; but
the sin of fornication rendered him bereft of the grace of the Spirit. First
he transgressed against the law which commands the sons of Israel that it
is not right to take in marriage women alien to their tribes, who' were the
peoples round them whose land they inherited. For Samson said, « 1 have
seen a beautiful woman in Timnath, of the daughters of the Philistines : now,
take her for me to wife ». And his father said to him, « Is there not a
woman in the house of thy brethren of thy people to take, that thou goest
to the uncireumcised Philistines to take thee a wife? « ? : however, they did
not persuade him, but on the contrary even went with him to make tlie
unlawful betrothal. And God sullered this wickeduess to be carried out, in
order that he might requite the Philistines, even against the wish of the sons
of Israel; for Samson's going down became an occasion for their destruc-
tion. But, as they were going along and were bent on making the betro-
thal, he turned a little out of the way, and he came upon a lion and killed
him as a man might kill a little kid. And the divine Scripture states that
‘the Spirit of the Lord worked mightily upon him’, or according to the text

‎l.Some words have perhaps fallen out. The pronoun in masc. — 2. Jud.. xiv, 2, 3.
PATR. OR. — T. XIV. — F. 1. »

‎160 v* b
