[271] LXIX. ΤΟ ANASTASIA. 101

ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܙܒܢܐ ܕܙܩܫܦܐ. ‎ced Les pas‏ ܫܪܝܢܢ܂ ܐܝܟ ‎Aus‏
‎sse,‏ ܘܠܚܺܝܫܶܐ ‎JS:‏ ܕܠܐ ܐܢܫ ‎uno‏ ܘܐܝܟ ܡܫܘܚܝܚܬܐ ‎αν,‏ ܕܝܕܥܬܐ ‎Jl‏
‏ܢܣܟܪ ܡܘܬ ܐ̇. ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܗܳܝ ܩܝܚܡܬܐ. ‎n]‏ ܘܡܿܨܥܝܢܢ ‎Ac:‏ ܠܟܝ܂ ‎JAuso‏
‎Jot‏ ܟܠܗ ‎Lila,‏ ܐ ‎sois‏ ܐܠܗܐ ‎JT vt Se JN sso JJass‏ ܣܒܝܥܐ
ܡܘܐ ܪܢܐ ܕܝܠܟܝ܀ ‎Moss bol Ne‏ ܝܘܠ ܦܥ ‎ολα‏ ܠܘܬ
ܡܠܦܢܘܬܐ ܦܪܘܩܝܬ ܐ| ܕܝܫܘܥ. ܘܗܘܬ ‎GAS‏ ܗܺܝ ܣܗܕܘܬܐ܆. ܗܿܝ ‎sexe)‏ ܡܪܚܡ
ܓܝܪ ܡܢܬܐ ܛܒܬܐ ܓܕܒܬ݀ ‎so‏ ܗܺܝ ܕܠܐ ‎ou κ‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܝܢ ܕܒܗܠܝܢ
ܕܡܝܢ ܩܕܚܡ ܐܬܟܬܒ ‎or);‏ ܐܘܼܕܥܬܝ̱! »,55« ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܒܗܝܘ .܆.ܘܬܐ: ܐܚܘܟܝ
ܕܚܠ ܠܐܠܗܐ ܐܝܢܩܢܛܝܣ: ܘܐܚܘ̈ܬܐ: ܘܒܬ ܪ ‎Ross‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܛܠܝܬܗܘܢ:
ܐܝܟ ܡܐ ܕܡܕ ܕܠܒܪ ܡܢ ‎ule a Jasac S A9, Loos‏ ܘܐܘܣܦܬܝ: ‎ads‏
‏ܠܝܬ ‎Jo‏ | ܝܨܝܦܘܬܐ ܡܛܠܬܗܘܢ.. ܕܥܝ ܓܠܝܐܝܬ. ‎es OS.‏ ܕܠܐ ‎bas‏
‏ܠܔܡܝܪܘܬܟܝܫ܆. ‎ωόι‏ ܕܡܛܠ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ܆. ܘܒܗܠܝܢ ‎ETE JN aos‏ ܕܗܠܝܢ
!9 ܠܟܝܚ ܒܓܢܣܐ ‎“css pl‏ ܘܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܝܢ ܚܝܠܟܝ ܬܥܡܠܝܢ'. ‎«opo‏

1. Ms. Biol, — 2, Ms. oL.

those in the Old Testament, as Lazarus, as those at the time of the Cross)
l'you are bidden' to say, ‘and in cternal life’, that none may auy longer fear
death after that resurrection »*°.

We have now discharged, as you see, all the God-loving debt of your
esteemed questions, according to our feebleness, and according to the small
measure of knowledge which lias come to us; and we pray thal there may
fall to you the glorious par! of Mary, who never tired ol bending her
instruction-loving ear to the saving teaching of lesus, and upon whom ναί
testimony was given which said, « For Marv.hath chosen for herself the
good part, which shall not be taken from her »?. But, whereas in the
previous letter to us you stated how vour religions brother Innocent and the
sisters stand iu the faith, and after writing this about them, as il you had
done something contrary to the profession of philosophy, you then added
that you take no thought for them, know elearly that it is not a thing
unworthy of your perfection that as regards tlie faith and in fitting spiritual
matters you should take thought for those who are related to you, and
perform all that is in your power, and give assistance with counsels and

1. A. v. (E) he bids'; Jo. Chrys. κελεύει, — 2. Op. cit., XL, 4, — 3. Luke, x, 42.

E23 ve b.
