[399] LXXX]. — TO JONN OF BOSTHA. 129

‎ου‏ ܕܫܢܝ̈ܐ' ܐܝܟ ܝܘܡܐ ܚܕ. ܠܐ ܡܘܚܪ ܡܪܝܐ ܡܝܢ ܡܘܠܟܢܗ: ܐܟܡܝܐ
‎exsul‏ ܣܒܪܝܢ ܬܘܚܪܬܐ. ܐܠܐ ܡܓܪ ܪܘܚܗ ܥܠܝܢ ܟܕ ܠܐ ܨ ܒܐ ܕܢܐܒܕܘܢ ‎“sl‏
‏ܐܠܐ ܕܟܠܗܘܢ ܒܥܝ̈ܢܫܐ (ܢܐܬܘܢ)° ܠܬܝܒܘܬܐ:. ܐ݀ܬܐ ‎a‏ ܝܘܡܐ ܕܡܪܝܐ ܐܝܟ ‎τας‏
‎où‏ ܕܒܗ ‎[asas‏ ܒܩܥܬܐ ܢܥܒܪܘܢ܆. ܐܣܛܘ̈ܟܣܐ ܟܕ ‎cr‏ ܢܢܕܬܪܘܢ܀ ܡܛܠ
‎ca‏ ܕܠܐ ܐܝܬܐ ‎negó casn] «οὐ‏ ܕܠܟܬܝ̈ܒܬܐ ܕܕܝܐܬܝܩܝ ‎Je‏ ܢܬܪܟܢܘܢ:
ܐܠܐ ܡܢ ܗܪܟܐ ܝܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܡܪܒܝܢ ‎LS‏ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܗܘܢ.. ܡܝܢ ‎Jess Jo MES‏
‎μοῦ‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܡܚܝܘܝܢܘܬܐ. ‎Sous‏ ܓܚܪ ‎où‏ ܚ ܙܝܐ ‎Joss‏ ܗܢܘܢ ܐܠܪܘ̈ܝܐ ‎“ὅλο‏
‎:LosooN‏ ܟܕ 1-9 ܗܘܐ ܠܚܠܡܐ ‎Gao presa où‏ ܐܘܬ 1 ܕܕܠܡܐ ‎où‏
‎oA ls‏ ܠܗ ܒܚܠܡܐ ‎JL.‏ ܗܘܐ: ‎où‏ ܕܡܢ ܕܗܒܐ ܘܣܐܡܐ ܘܢܚܝܫܐ ܘܦܪܙܠܐ ‎ls eo‏
ܡܪܟܒ ‎:joot‏ ܘܠܬܠܠܦܘܬܐ ܘܫܬ ܘܠܬ̈ܚܠܦܬܐ ‎t^‏ ܦܬܝܟܘܬܐ ‎Sas «ὠ]δου‏
ܗܘܐ: ‎μοὶ‏ ܡܛܠ ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ܕܡܫܝܚܝܐ܂ ܗܟܢܐ. ܘܒܚܘ̈ܡܬܐ ܕܡܟܐ ܙܘܶܢܘܢ܂. ܢܩܫܝܼܡ
ܐܠܗܐ ܕܘܚܐ ܡܿܡܠܟܘܬܐ܆. ܗܝ ܐܝܕܐ ‎SNS)‏ ܠܐ ‎ον η RSI‏ ܕܝܠܗ
‎Las‏ ܐܚܪܢܐ ܠܐ ‎aol MP‏ ܘܬܕܪܐ ܥܟܠܗܝܢ ܡ̈ܠܝܟܘܬܐ ܘܗܝ ܬܩܚܝܘܡ

‎1. Ms. jazaso. — 9. Ms. om. — 3. Ms. go.

‎thousand years, and a thousand years as one day. The Lord delayeth not
from his promise, as some reckon delay; but he is long-suffering toward us
not wishing that any should perish, bnt that all men should come to repen-
tance, but the day of the Lord will come as a thief, wherein the heavens
shall pass away with a ery, the elements shall be burnt and dissolved » '.
Dut, since those men are under no obligation? to bow to the writings of the
New Testament, but from this source yet more increase their unbelief, we
will produce a demonstration for them from the prophetie words. Daniel
the seer of those divine visions hard of interpretation, when he was explain-
ing Nebuchadnezzar's dream, and was revealing the heterogeneousness of
tlie image that appeared to him in the dream, which was composed of gold
and silver and bronze and irou and earthenware, and by the diversity of the
materials * signified the various Kingdoms. said of Christ's kingdom as fol-
lows : « And in the days of those kiugs the God of heaven shall set up a
kingdom whieh shall uot be destroyed for ever; and his kingdom shall not
pass to another people. lt shall break in pieces and scatter all the king-
doms and itself shall stand for ever »*. — 'l'hose therefore who proclaimed

‎1. 1] Pet., 111, 8-10, — 3. ἀνάγχη. — 3. διαθήκη. — 4. ὕλας. — 5. Dan. 11, 44.
PATR. OR. — T. XIV. — F. Ἰ. 1
