66 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [230]

‎«col‏ ܐܘܪܚܗ ܪܘܚܗ ܕܡܪܝܐ. ܘܟܕ ܠܘܩܒܠ ܢܡܘ̈ܣܐ ‎μον‏ | ܐܬܚܝܼܪܝ܂. ܠܐ ܫܒܩܬܗ
‎{μου JA‏ ܩܕܝܥܐ. ܒܚܪܡ ܕܝܢ ܠܘ ܙܢܫܝܘܬܐ ‎«σοι Ru)‏ ܘܺܝ
‎CLS ἘΝῚ‏ ܚܦܕܚܛܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ‎Jos) Jil‏ ܘܬܘܒ ‎Lias.sa.s‏ ܕܡܒܚܢܬܘܬܐ.. ‎Nas‏
‏ܡܕܡ : ܡܠܝܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܦܠܐܬܐ )99 : ܘܐܠ ܠܗܶܢܘܢ ܦܠܫ̈ܬܝܐ. ܟܕ ܬܚܡ ܠܗܘܢ
ܡܘܗ̈ܒܬܐ܂. ܘܐܫܿܬܘܕܝ ܠܗܘܢ ‎JA‏ ܘܬܟܣ̈ܝܬܐ ܕܟܡܐ ܘܟܡܐ ܆. ‎oou]‏ ܕܦܥܪܐ ܕܦܠܐܬܐ
ܗܺܝ ܢܐܡܪܘܢ ܠܗ. ܐܸܢ ܕܝܢ ܡܢ ܫܘܪܝܗ̇ ܢܣܝ̣ܟܠܘܢ ܘܠܐ ܢܐܡܪܘܢ.. ܕܠܩܘܒܠܐ ܕܐܝܟ
ܗܠܝܢ ܣܝܼܡ ‎ASS‏ ܘܙܗܼܘ ܡܶܢ܂ ܗܠܝܢ. ܗܼܢܘܢ ‎J es‏ ܐܫܟܚܘ ܦܘܦܩܗ ܕܫܘܐܠܐ.
ܐܠܐ ܡܦܝܣܚܝܢ ܠܐܢܬܬܐ ܗܺܝ ܕܐܬܢܩܝܼܦܬ ‎S978‏ ܕܬܓܢܘܒ ܡܝܢܝܗ ‎JS‏ ܦܬܓܡܐ
ܕܦܠܐܬܐ. ܘܠܪܗܢܕܐ ‎Loc sols Là Ago JL‏ ܘܡܟܝܠ ܙܕܩ ܗܘܐ܂ ‎«δι Ju,‏
ܢܬܬܒܥ. ‎pel‏ ܓܝܪ ‎RS, ir Soc [3M‏ ܥܠܝܘܗܝ ܪܘܚ ̱ܗ ܕܡܡܪܝܐ. ‎Moo‏
‎Mano πο ο,‏ ܬܡܢ ܬܠܬܝܢ ‎Kaso EA‏ ܡܐܢܝ̈ܗܘܢ. ܘܝܗܼܒ ܢܚ̈ܬܝܗܘܢ
ܠܗ̇ܢܘܢ ‎ass,‏ ܠܗ ܦܐܐܬܐ. ‎πὸ‏ ܠܝ ܕܝܢ ܬܘܒ ܘܗܪܟܐ܂ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܐܡܼܪ ܕܐܨܠܚܬ
ܥܠܘܗܝ ܪܘܚܗ ܕܡܪܝܐ. ܡܛܠ 5.255[ ‎So‏ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܕܢܘܟܪ̈ܝܝܢ ܠܫܪܒܬܗ.

‎1. Ms. , wo

‎contained in other manuscripts, * the Spirit of the Lord prospered his way'';

‎and, though he opposed himself to God's laws, the grace of the IIoly Spirit
did not abandon him. Ifowever it was not fornication on which they were
bent, but marriage. And again at the wedding-feast he composed a certain
question, or rather? a riddle, aud asked it of those Philistines, fixing gifts
for them and promising them so many garments and articles of clothing, if
they told hi the solution of that riddle; but, if thev failed to find the origin
of it and did not tell it, on the other hand he appointed a similar present
lor them to give. So much for what he did : but they could not find the
interpretation of the question; hut they persuade the woman who had been
nnited to him lo get the answer to the riddle from him by a trick, and make
this knowu to Them, as was in fact done. And thiereupon those garments
had to be exaeted from him; for the holy Seripture said, « The spirit of the
Lord eame mightily upon him; and he went down io. Ascalon, and there
killed thirty men; aud he took their spoils, and gave their garments to those
who interpreted the riddle to him (7. Now mark hore again also how it
said that the. spirit of the Lord came mightily upon him, because he killed
men alien to his racc in fight, since God, as we lave said, permitted. this

‎1 Jud., xiv, 6. 2. 0 — 3. Jud., xii, 19.
