115 v? b.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [246]‏ 76
ܣܟ̈ܠܐ ‎xot‏ ܒܚܣܝܪܘܬܐ ‎so‏ ܡܛܠ ܗܢܐ ܒܘܪܟܬܐ ° ‎v0;‏ ܠܥܠ 4.29
‎M‏ ܘܚܝ̈ܐ ܕܠܐ ‎JAKas‏ ܘܛܘ̈ܒܬܙܐ. ‎ER asas‏ ܕܒܘܪܟܬܐ ܕܡܪܝܐ ܥܠ ܪܝܥܐ
ܕܙܕܚ̈ܩܐ ܗܕܐ܂ ܡܥܬܪܐܼ. ܘܠܐ ‎o aol.‏ ܥܩܬܐ ‎Jc»‏ ܩܕܚܝܡܐ ܗܟܝܠ ‎Jp‏
‏ܕܐܦ ܠܝ ܗ݀ܝ ܕܠܐ ܥܩܬܐ ܡܿܙܡܢܐ ‎pes lu)‏ ܫܘ̈ܐܠܝܟܝ ‎exa‏ ܐܠܗܐ. ܟܕ
ܡܥܬܕܐ ‎obs]‏ ܠܝ . ܕܒܣ̈ܘܟܠܐ ܪ̈ܘܚܢܐ ‎amisi]‏ ܒܕܓܘܢ ܘܠܥܪܟܐ ܕܥܘ̈ܐܠܝܟܝ.
ܡܢܗܪܘܬܗܘܢ ܚܘܝܚܐܝܬ ‎μὲ fous‏ ܐܬܠ. ܐܫܘܝܬܝ ܓܝܪ ‎fases Ms‏
ܒܐ ܕܢܘܕܥ ܡܪܢ ܝܫܘܥ ܡܫܝܚܐ ܒܝܕ ‎où Ho où‏ ܕܐܬܥܗܕܗ ‎Loc‏ ܐܘܢܔܠܣ ܛ{
‎gj‏ ܡܢܘ ܡܢܟܘܢ ܢܗܘܐ ܠܗ ‎[sui‏ ܘܢܐܙܠ ܠܘܬܗ ܒܡܨܥܬܗ ‎ESS:‏ ܘܢܐܡܪ
‎ua) mans so‏ ܬܠܬܐ ܠܝ̈ܝܡܝܢ܇. ܡܛܠ ‎JJ] boi:‏ ܠܘܬܝ ܡܢ ‎Lio‏
‎No‏ ܠܝܚ ‎οὐιο OÙ jm «ax où‏ ܡܢ ‎eu‏ ܢܬܝܒ ܦܬܓܡܐ ‎solo‏
‎JI‏ ܐܬܐܠ ܠܝ ܥܡܠܐ. ‎Ja‏ ܬܪܥܐ܂ ‎qu]‏ ܘܛܠܚܩ̈ܘܣܝܚ ܥܡܝܢ ܒܬܫܘܝܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ. ܠܐ
ܡܫܟܚ ‎μὲ‏ ܕܐܐܩܘܡ ܐܬܠ ܠܟ. ܐܸܡܿܪ ܐܢܐ ܠܟܘܢ.. ‎cou]:‏ ܕܠܐ ܢܩܘܡ ܢܬܠ ܠܗ
ܡܛܠ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܪܚܚܡܗ.. ܡܛܠ ܠܐ ܡܬܟܚܕܢܘܬܗ ܢܩܘܡ ܘܢܬܠ ‎oe‏ ܟܡܐ
ܕܡܝܼܬܒܥܐ ‎Lon JN, co‏ ܡܬܠܐ: ܡܢ ܠܒܪ ܢܫܟܚ ܠܠܬܐ | ‎Jio SN‏

‎righteous know high things, but fools die in scarcity ». For this reason 1t
has deereed for you a blessing from above, and a life that is without sorrow
and blessed : for it adds, * The blessing of the Lord upon the head of the
righteous, this maketh rich, and sorrow in heart shall not be added unto
¡£ « ', tistherefore known beforehand that to me too yon bring freedom
from sorrow through your God-loving questions, inasmuch as you cause me
to enjoy the pleasure of spiritual thoughts. — Aecordingly 1 will readily try
to give an elucidation of the rest? of your questions also. You are pleased
to ask me what our Lord Jesus Christ wishes to make known to us by that
parable which Luke the Evangelist recorded as follows : « Who among you
shall have a friend, and he shall go unto him at midnight and say to him,
: My friend, lend me three loaves, for a friend hath como to me from a journey,
and | have not wherewith to set before him’, and he from within shall
answer and say, ‘Trouble me not. Lo! the door is shut, and my children
with myself are in bed. 1 eannot rise and give to thee'? I say unto you
that, if he will not rise and give to him because he is his friend, because
of his importunity he will rise and give him as much as he needeth ». For 3,
us to find the reason of this parable from outside is foolish and senseless,

‎1. Pr, x, 21, 22 — 2. Sec p. 274, n. 2. — 3. This passage down lo the citation is published in
Greek in Mai, Class. Auct., X, 431, under [μὲ heading X. εἰς τὸ κατὰ Aovxdv.
