[305] LXXXIIL. — TO JOHN. 135

‎ο συ‏ ܗܢܘ ‎Rasa y κ.)‏ ܘܒܛܛܠܬ ‎Jar Jas)‏ ܐܫܬܘܙܒܬܐ ܕܝܢ
ܐܦ ܬܐܘܪܝܐ ‎ca‏ ܡܬܗܘܢܢܫܬܐ ܐܝܟ ‎jl Do où noi‏ ܒܝܐܝ̈ܕܘܗܝ ܫܪܪܐ.
ܒܗ̇ ܒܕܡܘܬܐ ܐܦ ܡܐܟܘܠܬܐ| ܗܝ ܕܦܛܛܝܪ̈ܐ܇. ‎ΜΝ αἱ‏ ܡܿܢ ܐܝܟ ܟܬܝܒܬܐ.. ܐܝܟ
‎xc Los‏ ܥܕܟܝܠ ‎Je NIN νο‏ ܒܝܙܘ̇ܝ ܕܡܥܕܥܕܝܢܢ ‎αν‏ ܒ ܡܝܪܐ ܕܒܝ̣ܚܢܘܬܐ

‏ܘܕܡܪܝܪܘܬܐ܂. ܐܠܐ ܒܦܛܝܪܐ ܕܕܟܝܘܬܐ ܘܕܫܪܪܐ܀

‎eo ‏ܒܬܐ‎

‏ܢܬܠ ܕܝܢ ܐܢ ‎κ. μὴ‏ ܕܐܚܝܕܐ ܡܶܢ ‎floilo‏ . ܛܘܦ ܣ ܐ ܕܟܬܝܒܬܐ. ܢܚܫܐ
ܕܝܢ ܗܽܘ ‎mall‏ ܡܫܡܠܚܘܬܐ ܕܒܪܘܚܐ. ܐܢ ܗܟܝܠ ܟܕ ܠܢܘܪܐ ܡܬܬܝܬܐ ܗܼܘ
‎pU Js‏ ܠܘܬ ‎Πα JJ‏ ܟܕ ܡܬܦܫܪ ܕܝܢ ‎«οι‏ ܩܐܪܘܬܐ܂. ܐܣܟܡܐ ܒܠܚܘܕ
‎2ón‏ ܕܐܬܔܓܒܠܬ ܝܗܒܐ ‎Mol) eeu] al» ja‏ ܠܝܟ ܡܫܪܬܚܘܬܐ ܡܕܡ
ܕܚܟܡܬܐ. ܐܠܐ ܐܸܢ ܐܬܦܕܥܪܬ݀ ܟܕ ܐܫܬܪܝܬ ‎:floilo‏ ܬܬ ܪܐ ‎aoc‏ ܟܬܝ ܒܬܐ . ܬܟܬܪ
ܕܝܢ ‎Liofl‏ ܪܘܚܢܝܬܐ ܕܢܡܘܣܐ܆:. ܟܕ ܡܫܘܙܒܐ ܠܐܣܟܡܐ ‎JR Roy‏ ܡܠܦ ܓܝܪ
ܩܘܪܝܠܘܣ ܘܐܸܡܿܪܼ. ܕܠܘ ܠܝܘܬ ܒܥܪܝܪܝܘܬܐ ‎NES JL sand‏ ܐܢܘܢ ܠ̈ܛ̈ܘܦܣܐ.
ܠܘܬ ܡܢܬܝܬܐܼ ܡܝܢ ܟܠܦܪܘܣ.. ܟܕ ‎Jil‏ ܟܬܝܒܬܐ ܕܢܛܘܪ̈ܬܐ ‎[Russo‏ ܐܡܿܪ

‎sacrifice of animals ceased, but the intellectual meaning' was also preserved
according to the spirit, in which the truth was prefigured through it? — After
the same manner also tlie eating of unleavened bread was abolished according
to the letter, but according to the spirit it is still maintained, in that we
"keep the feast not in the leaven of wickedness and bitterness, but in the
unleavened bread of purity and truth £ (Δ little farther on). But we will
grant if you wish that the wax represents the letter, and the bronze that has
been melted is the perfection in the spirit. ΤΕ then it is the fact that, when
the bronze is brought to the fire, it is reduced to non-existence, and the
wax, when liquefied, gives to the bronze tlie shape only of that which was
fashioned, explain if you have any abundant store of wisdom. But, if the
wax has been dissolved and liquefied, the letter will be dissolved, but the
spiritual meaning? of the law will remain, preserving the form‘ of the letter.
For Cyril teaches and says:« We have not relegated the types to utter
desolation(?), though certainly to partial desolation, I mean since the letter
of the bodily observances ceases »*. Listen to the expressions of Gregory

‎1. θεωρία. 2. — 1 Cor., v, 8. — 3, θεωρία. — &. σχῆμα. — 5. Edo not know the source of this citation.
