59 v^.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [304]‏ 134
ܟܕ ܒܗ ܒܙܢܐ ܐܦ ܓܪܝܓܪܝܘܣ ܬܐܘܠܘܓܘܣ܆. ܒܡܐܡܪܐ ‎où‏ ܕܡܛܠ ܪܘܚܐ ܩܕܝܢܐ
ܗܳܝ ܐܝܕܐ ܕܐܝܬܝܙܘ̇ ܡܫܝܚܐ: ܟܕ ܐܡܪܝܢܢ ܕܐܫܬܪ̈ܝܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܓܘܢܫܡܐ܂ ܠܐ ‎ue‏
‏ܐܝܬܐ ܓܝܪ ‎κοΐ»‏ ܕܒܗܘܦܬܐܣܝܣ ܐܒܚܢܝܗ̇ ܠܡܝܠܬܐ: ܡܒܬܕܒܚ̈ܝܢ ܙܗܼܘ̈ܝ ܡܝܢ
ܩܕܝܡ ‎ρα...‏ ܡܕܡ ܡܕܡ ܡܛܠ ‎Jake‏ 30:6[ ܡܢ ܕܗܠܝܝܢ: ‎μιαο RSS‏

‎C‏ ܪܝܫ ‎μδιο‏ ܡܬܥܠ ܠ ܗܘܐ. ܦܓܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܕܚܢ ܠܒܪ ܡܢ ܡܫܪܝܬܐ ܠܝܩܕܬܐ

‏ܡܫܬܠܡܿܝܢ ܗܘܘ. ܗܙ ܐ ‎Lisss [as]‏ ܩܡ ܗܘܐ ‎mas‏ ܠܕܒܚܚܬܐ ܗܳܝ ܪܒܬܐ܆:
‎Là‏ ܘܝܬ ‎μι‏ ܕܚܬܛܫܬܐ ܣܓܝܐܬܐ ܕܥܠܝܡܐ: ‎c], Ls]‏ ܦ ܘܠܝܘܣ ܐܸܡܪ .
ܒܝܕ ‎si‏ ܟܗ̈ܢܐ܂. ‎ς ου LEE‏ ܠܝܒܪ ܡܝܢ ܡܫܪܝܬܐ ‎κότος‏ ܗܘܘ. ‎Jo Beo‏
ܐܦ ‎spas [in] sas,‏ ܒܝܕ )9 ‎oia‏ ܠܥܡܐ. ܠܒܪ ܡܢ ܬܪܥܐ ܚܫ܀ ° ܟܕ
‎ssl)‏ ܗܟܝܠ ܦܪܘܩܐ ܕܟܠ ‎osse‏ ܒܩܕܡܝܘܬ ܛܘܦܣܐ ܡܶܝܢ ܥܠ ‎JM‏
‏ܐܦ ‎x eM»‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܠܡܐܡܪ ܒܠ ‎Less‏ ܡܬܢܟܒܣ: ܘܗܕܡ ܗܕܡ
ܠܡܗܝܢ̈ܡܢܐ ܡܢ ܐܝܕܐ 199.50{ ܡܬܦܠܓ.. ܡܢܘ ܕܗܟܢܐ ‎omo .'οοι μια‏ ܠܐ
‎[ESS‏ ܒܗܥܝܢ ܪܘܪ̈ܒܬܐ ܸܹ. ܐܝܟ ‎sx: oon‏ ܕܠܐ ܐܫܬܪܝ ‎oo‏ ܛܘܦܣܬܐ ܒܝܕ

‎1. Ms. sing.

‎that | mean which is performed through the spirit, when the perfection
came, which is Christ, were in the bodily lor done away, we do not sin'.
Let me, as if dealing with a hypotliesis?, test the matter. Various animals
were formerly sacrificed for sin, and the blood of these was brought into
ihe sanctuary by the high-priest, while their bodies were delivered to he
burnt outside the camp. This kind of sacrifices therefore symbolized before-
hand the great sacrifice which balances the great sin of the world, as Paul
also says : « For, as for the animals whose blood was brought into the
sanctuary because of sins by the high-priest, the bodies of these were bnrnt
outside the camp. Therefore Jesus also, in order to sanetify the people by
his own blood, snffered outside tlie gate »?.— Since then Christ the Saviour
of all was sacrificed in the original model on the cross, and 15 also slaugh-
ἰογοι] 5ο lo speak every day on the altar, and is distributed to the believers
limb by limb by the hand of the priests, who is so mad, and so exceedingly
uninstrueted in the greatest matlers, as 10 dare to deny that the type was
abolished in the letter, that is according to the bodily form, and the

‎1. 8c. ἁμαρτάνομεν (err) : cf. p. 77, n 3. — 9. ὑπόθεσις. — 3. Ileh., xit, 11, 12.

