1 28 ve a.

72 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [242]

ܗܢܘ ܕܝܢ ܒܝܕ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ ܕܣܘ̈ܟܠܐ ܕܝܕܥܬܐ ‎Quà INR‏ ܕܡܣܬܒܪܝܢ ܕܪ̈ܡܝܢ
ܘܡܥܠܚܝܢ. ܘܗܕܐ ܩܕܡ ܐܟܪܙ ܐܪܡܝܐ ܢܒܝܐ ܟܕ ܐܡܪ ܗܟܢܐ. ܗܐ ܐܢܐ ܡܥܕܪ ܐܢܐ ‎Jay‏
‏ܣܓܝ̈ܐܐ ‎Je wel‏ ܘܢܨܘܕܘܢ ‎«ssl‏ ܘܡܢ ܒܬܪ ‎LA‏ ܘܠܫܕܪ ܐܢܐ ‎gr‏ ܨܝܕ̈ܝ
‎JA‏ ܘܢܨܘܕܘܢ ܐܢܘܢ ܥܠ ܟܠ ܛܘܪ̈ܐ. ܘܥܠ ܟܠ ܪ̈ܡܬܐ. ܟܕ ܛܒ ܘܟܕ ‎E‏
‎[a “Je‏ ܒܫܘ̈ܠܦܢܐ ܕܚܟܡܬܐ ܐܠܗܝܬܐ.. ‎SN‏ ܘܡܦܪܣܝܢ ‎Mass f»‏
‎Ji]‏ ܠܡܡܙܕܟܝܢܘܬ| ܕܝܠܗܘܢ. ܟܕ ܓܥܝܢ ܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܦܪܘܩܗܘܢ. ܗܐ ‎Aue‏
‏ܢܗܘܐ ܠܟ ‎LS‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܐܝܬ ܗܘ ܡܪܝܐ ܐܠܗܢ. ܘܟܪܝܪܐܝܬ ܒܕܓܠܘܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܝܢ
‎aot‏ ܖ̈ܡܬܐ ° ܘܚܚܠܐ ‎as‏ ܐܸܢ ܕܝܢ ܣܘ̈ܟܠܐ ܕܚܟܡܬܐ ܒܪܝܬܐ ܢܬܪܢܘܢ ܕܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ
‎Jia)‏ ܡܟ̈ܝܟܐ܆. ܢܩܦܐܝܬ ܢܣܟܝܢܢ: ܕܬܪ̈ܥܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܕܢܚܫܐ ‎nos‏ ܩ ܫܝܢ:
ܘܡܘ̈ܟܠܐ ܕܦܪܙܠܐ4 ܕܡܬܓܕܡܚܝܢ.. ܢܫ̈ܒܐ ܕܗܘܦܟ ܚܘܫܒ̈ܐ. ‎Jäno‏ ܡܬܚܡܐ ‎JLs3,‏
‏ܕܠܝܬܐ ܠܡܥܪܩ ܡܢܗܝܢ. ܕܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܣܓܝ̈ܐܝ ܟܪܘܟܝܐ. ܗܠܝܝܢ ܕܐܟܣ ܐܢܘܢ ‎oet‏
‎NBI EDS‏ ܟܕ ‎De‏ ܡܢ ܟܠ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ. ‎où‏ 90( ܫܡܝܐ ܡܒܪܟ ܠܗ.
ܐܝܟ ܡܐ ܕܥܙܪܐ ‎esl‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܪܡܝܐ ‎Jio‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܚܙ̈ܘܪܐ' ܕܝܘ̈ܥܐ. ܡܛܠ

LEsing. — 2. E p ‏ܐܬܬ‎ τὸ 3. K pl. — ἂν E pl. 6, E Hal. —6,E ἰδὲ, Ke.

knowledge which are supposed io be high and clevated. This was pro-
claimed belorchand by Jeremiah the prophet when he said thus : « ‘Lo!
| send out the many fishermen', saith the Lord, ‘and they shall catch them;
and after these things | will send out the many hunters, and they shall catch
them on all mountains, and on all high places’ »'; though indeed, when a
goodly spoil has been caught by the doctrines of divine wisdom, they
reveal and expose their own defeat by means of another prophecy, crying
to God their Saviour, « Belold us. We will be bondmen to thee, because
thou arl the Lord our God, and tmly the high places and the power of the
mountains were reduced to falsehood «7, But, if the thoughts of profane
wisdom are understood to bo the low mountains, we shall consequently
understand that the gates of bronze which are shattered and the bars? of iron
that are broken* are the snares ol argument and the precise questions stated
in words from which there is no escape, which have many windings; questions
which the truth has refnted and dissolved, being stronger than everything,
which heaven also blesses, as Ezra φαιά ὃς questions which Jeremiah calls
*holes of the rocks’, on account of the sccrecy and obsenrity and the

1. Jer., xvi, 16. — 2. Id., ΠῚ, 22, 23. — 3. μοχλός. — *. Ts., XLV, 2. — 5. D (III) Esdr., 1v, 35, 36.
