‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [300]‏ 136
‎Jo ντα... «hl‏ ܕܓܪܝܓܪܝܘܣ. ܬܐܘܠܓܘܣ: ܘܢܡܘܣܐ ܢܗ̈ܘܝܢ ‎y^‏
‎SOS‏ )961 ܘܣܘ̈ܟܠܘܗܝ: ܘܬܚܘܡܐ ܩܒܝܥܐ: ܡܛܠ ܕܐܦ ܠܟܠܗܘܢ ‎Halo‏
‏ܟܕ ܓܝܪ ܒܡܐܡܪܐ ‎où‏ ܕܥܠ ‎ο Le jq?‏ ܬܐܘܪܝܐ ܥܠ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܗܠܝܝܢ ‎RS aso‏
ܗܘܝ ܚܐ ‎où‏ ܥܬܝܩܐ: ‎ταί‏ ܠܫܡܘܥܐ ܡܢ ܟܬܝܒܬܐ ܠܘܬ ܪܘܚܐ. ܟܕ ܓܝܪ
ܠܘܬ ܚܘܛܪܐ ܐܬ ܐ: ܘܠܦܐܐܬܐ ‎Jes on‏ ܦܝܩܢ ‎CAN‏ ܕܠ[ܦܨܚܐ ܗܢܐ ‎M‏ ܒܫܪܪܐ
ܐܒܠ . ܕܥܠ ܚܘܛܪܐ ܕܗܝܡܝܢܘܬܐ ܢܣܬܐܡܟ ,- ܟܕ ‎τοδὶ‏ ܪܘܟܢܐ. ܠܫܪܪܐܝܬܐ ܩܝܘܡ.
ܟܕ ܡܣܬܬܐܝܬ ‎s‏ ܐܢܬ . ܟܕ ܒܡܕܡ ‎Jl‏ ܡܙܕܠܙܥ ܐܢܬ܆. ܡܢ ܗܿܢܘܢ ܕܣܩܘܒܬܐܝܢ.
ܘܠܐ ܡܬܓܪܦ ܐܢܬܐ ܡܢ ܡܠܐ ܕܡܦܝܣܢܘܬܐ. ܗܠܚܝܢ.. ܡܫܝܚܐ ܫܿܠܡ. ܗܽܘ ‎ook‏
‏ܕܟܬܐܒܐ. ‎où‏ ܡܫܡܬܠܝܢܗ ܕܪܘܚܐ܀ ܐ . ܓܝܪ ܟܬܒܐ ܩܡܛܠ: ‎Lao a Loi‏
‎VE‏ | ܗܘ ܕܝܝܢ ‎Ix‏ ܐܝܟ ܕܟܝܬܝܒ: ܐܡܬܝ ܕܡܫܝܚܐ ‎το Le ke‏
ܐܝܟܢܐ ܟܕ ‎SR Ko où JL EA οοι‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܐ ‎οοι NE So Ναὶ‏ ܕܠܘ
‎E35‏ 5507 ܐܢܬ ܕܐܫܬܪܝ ܢܡܘܣܐ. ܒܪܘܝ ܐ ܕܝܢ ܠܘܬ ܦܘܪܪܐ ‎CAL]‏ ܐܦ ܦܘܠܘܣ
ܕܣܩ̈ܘܒܠܝܬܐ ‎Je μοὶ‏ ܕܡ ܡܢ ܣ ܟܬܒ ‎λος‏ ܠܢܡܘܣܐ ܕܦܘ̈ܩܕܢܐ
ܒܚ̈ܘ̈ܠܦܐܐ. ܒܕܘܟ ܕܝܢ ܟܕ /56,,- ܠܢܡܘܣܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܡܟܒܛܥܝܢܢ ‎Las‏ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ..

‎the Theologian', and let the words of that man and his thouglits be a law
to you, and a fixed ordinance, since they are indeed such to all Christians.
When in tlie homily on the Passover he discussed the meaning? of all the
rites performed at the old Passover, he also caused tlie hearer to pass from
the letter to the spirit : for, when he caine to the stalT, and solved the riddle
of this, he commanded the man who eats this our Passover in truth to lean
upon the staff of faith, using these words : € Stand firmly, with feet strongly
planted, being in no point shaken by the adversaries, nor carried away by
words of plausibility. These things Christ fulfilled, the subverter of the
letter, the f'ulfiller oL the spirit »*. ΠῚ ‘the letter killeth, but ilie spirit giveth
life'*, and Christ is life as il is written, « When Christ our life shall be
revealed »*, how can it be that when the life eame that wlich slew was not
abolished? since, if vou deny that the law was abolished in the letter, but
brought to confirmation in the spirit, Paul also will be seen to say contradic-
tory things, writing in one place that he *annulled tlie law of cominandmenis
in ` ¢ and saying in another, « Do we therefore annul the law
through faith? For be it  Nay we establish the law »*, recoguising the

‎l. θεολόγος. -2 The word θεωρία is here preserved. — ὃν Or, XLV, 19, 21, — ^5. II Cor, it, 6, —
5. Gol, n, ^. — 6, Epli, n, 15. — 7. Ron, 111, 31.

