[191] LXV. — TO EUPRAXIUS. 21

ܡܢ ܦܘܠܘܣ܆. ܕܒܗ  ‎μον‏ ܟܠܗ ܡܘܠܝܐ ܕܐܠܗܘܬܐ ܓܘܫܡܢܐܝܬܐ܀ ܡܦܩ ‎“Lors‏

ܒܗܝܢ ܟܕ ܒܗܝܢ ܒܬܪ̈ܥܝܬܐܼ ‎Mile‏ ܠܐܠܗܐ ܢܣܬܟܠ.. ‎ooo‏ ܗܺܝ ܕܒܫܘܐܠܟ
ܬܠܝܬܐܝܐ ‎Klsks Los]‏ . ܗܝ ܕܚܟܝܡܐ ܦܘܠܘܣ ܟܬܒ ܘܦܕܪ ܠܘܬ ܩܘ̈ܠܣܝܐ
ܡܛܠ ܡܫܝܚܐ:. ܡܛܠ ‎ον‏ ܕܒܙܘ ‎ie»‏ ܟܠܗ ܡܘܠܝܐ ܕܐܠܗܘܬܐ ‎δας.‏
‏ܥܘ ܓܝܪ ] ‎μα,‏ ܕܨܒܝܢ ‎Labo;‏ $330 ܕܪܘܫܥܗ ‎"uma or‏ ܗܳܝ ܕܒܗ
‎as‏ ܡܣܬܟܠܝܢܢ'. ܗܠܝܢ ܓܝܪ ܒܙܢܐ ܕܥܡܘܪܝܐ ܐܡܿܪܝܢ ܠܗ ܠܡܠܬܐ.. ܐܝܟܢܐ
‎pus)‏ ܡܝܢ ܢܒ̈ܫܐ ܕܥܡܼܪ ܡܫܝܚܐ. ܡܛܠ ܕܝܢ ܕܠܐ ܐܢܫ ܡܢ ‎La‏ ܕܐܡܝܪܐ ‎53e»‏
‎Ke,‏ ܡܢ ܬܪܥܝܬܐ ܕܦܐܝܐ: ‎flojasaso‏ ܫܚܫܝܡܬܐ ‎"e asus‏ ܠܡܬܒܣܪܢܘܬܗ
‎y : JR σου‏ ܡܢ ܕܒܒܪܢܫܐ ܗܘܼܐ܂. ‎aa‏ ܠܗ̇ ‎ρα ssh‏ ܗܕܐ ‎RS‏
‏ܦܘܠܝܘܣ ܟܕ ܐܸܡܿܪ܂. ܕܠܝܼܡܪ ‎EN HS‏ ܗܝ ‎hs‏ ܡܶܢ ܩܢܘܡܐܝܬ
ܘܟܝܢܐܝܬ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎cos‏ ܕܒܩܪܝܒܘܬܐ ‎ϑιοδ αὶ‏ ܠܢ ܒܒܣܪܐ ܘܕܡܐ :. ܠܐ ܡܒܠܒܐܐܝܬܐ
ܘܠܐ ܡܦܬ ‎ο ποσο‏ ܒܚܕܝܘܬܐ ܕܠܐ ‎Jio? νο‏ ܟܕ ܟܠܗ ܡܘܙܓܐ ܘܦܢܛܣܝܐ
ܪܚܫܩ ܡܢܗܿ. ܢܘܟܪܝܐ ܗܝ ܓܝܪ ܠܟܚܝܢܐ ܕܠܐ ܓܫ ܘܡ ܆. ܗܳܝ ‎KE Ur‏ ܐܘ

ܐ ܚܫܒܝܗ ‎Ms,‏ ,2 — .ܡܣܬܐܦܟܝܐܢ ‎Ms.‏ .1

saying, « In him all the fulness of the Godhead dwelleth bodily »'. The
defence.

In the same God-befitting frame of mind let us also understand (and that
is what in your third question you thought good to ask) the words which
the wise Paul wrote and sent to the Colossians about Christ, how that in
him all the fulness of the Godhead came to dwell bodily; for we do not
understand the expression ‘in him dwelleth' as the supporters of the impicty
of Nestorius wish to understand it : for these say that the Word came to
dwell in Christ by way of indwelling, as in one of the prophets. But, lest
any man in consequence of the statement that he came to dwell decline
from the proper opinion and reckon the Incarnation of the Word a mere
indwelling, as happened in the case of ἃ man, Paul is suflicient to meet
this false tenet when he says that it came to dwell in him *bodily', that
is hypostatically and naturally, even as the statement that he similarly
partook with us of flesh aud blood? unconfusedly and immutably, in a
Unity that is not dissipated, all mingling and phantasy? being far from it;
for it is alien to a bodiless nature that in consequence of its union with
a body it should be mingled or changed, a thing which in its nature docs

1. Col., rr, 9. — 2. Heb., 11, I4. — 3. φαντασία.
