159 v* a.

5^ LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [224]

ܐܝܣܪܐܝܠ. ܐܢܬ ܕܝܢ ܟܒܝܪ ܐܝܟ ܡܶܢ ܕܒܙܘܥܝܢ ܐܠܙܘ̈ܝܬܐ ‎Las‏ ܐܢܬ . ܐܦ ܡܕܡ
ܕܪܒ ܘܡܿܥܠܝ ܡܿܡܫܟܚ ܐܢܬ ‎κών ολ τον,‏ 1

‎solo‏ ܦܘܐܠܐ ܕܬܡ̈ܢܝܐ. ‎wir δον‏ ܠܢ ܠ ܡܣ ‎ask‏ ܠܘܝ ܕܡܢ ܦܪܘܩܝܢ
ܒܐܘܢܓܠܝܘܢ ܐܡܝܪܐ܆. ܕܗܘܼܝܬ ܡܬ ܐܘܐ ‎SNR yos‏ ܠܕ ‎oce‏ ܐܢܬ
ܒܐܘܪܚܐ܀ ܡܦܩ ‎bois‏

‏ܢܩܦܐ ܗܝ ܕܝܢ ܠܛܟܣܐ ‎οἱ; ! ys‏ ܠܘܬ ‎pas où‏ ܐܚܪܢܐ ܢܬܠ
ܡܠܬܐ ܒܟܪ̈ܝܬܐ܂. ܡܛܠ ‎ca‏ ܕܐܡܝܪܐ ‎CRE‏ ܡܝܢ ܦܪܘܩܝܢ ܡܦܝܣܢܐܝܬܐ
ܘܡܠܘܟܐܝܬ܆. ܕܗܘܼܝܬܐ ܡܬ ܐܘܐ ܠܒܥܠܕܒܒܟ ‎SR‏ ܥܕ ܥܡܗ ܐܢܬ ܒܬܐܘܪܚܐ܆.
ܕܠܡܐ ‎yo»‏ ܒܥܠܕܒܒܟ ‎“HS‏ ܘܕܝܢܐ ‎pds‏ ܠܘ ܠܬܡܡܥܢܐ܆. ‎Wolo‏ ܒܝܬܐ
‎Jo)‏ ܘܡܝܢ ܬܡܢ ܠܐ ‎wasl‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܕܬܬܠ ‎Lie) ανα.‏ ܗܢܐ ܡܶܢ ܦܘܩܕܢܐ
‎o0 QS AS m1?‏ ܟܕ ‎οοι‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎Mano πο. E»5 T sy où‏
‎où «aas piles‏ ܐܦ ܡܪܛܘܛܟ. ܒܪܡ ܕܝܢ ‎Ja‏ ܐܓܘܢܐ ܪܒܐ ܒܐܥܐ. ܠܘܬ ‎δι‏
‏ܕܢܬܟܘܣ ܘܢܘܕܣܤܘܩ ܚܟܝܠܐ ܕܚܬܛܝܬܐ. ‎y Zur t^ δι‏ 1 ܗܟܢܐ ܐܝܬܝ ܗܿ܂
ܐܢܗܼܘ ܕܩܐ݀ܡ ܐܢܬ ܒܝܬ ܕܝܨܢܐ ܕܝܠܗ ܕܣܘܥܪܢܐ: ܘܠܘܬ ‎Lily‏ ܪܕܦ ܐܢܬ : ܘܟܠ ܟ

‏ܕܫܘ[ ܠܟ ‎Ms.‏ .1

‎(hings which through cireumeision were given to the sons of Israel. But
you perhaps, conversant as you are in divine things, can think of something
else that is greater and more sublime.

‎And next the eighth: question, how we ought to understand tlie saying
of our Saviour in the gospel, « Agree with thine adversary quickly, while
thou art in the way with him »'.. The defence.

‎|t agrees with the order of your questions that we should also shortly
refer 10 vonr other question about the words spoken by our Saviour in the
gospel by way of persuasion and advice, « Agree with thine adversary
quickly, while thou art in the way with him, lest thine adversary deliver
thee to the judge, and the judge deliver thee to the officer, and thou be cast
into prison, and thou shaft uot eome out tlieuce till Thon pay the last mite »*.
This commandment 18 alinost the same which says, « 110 that will sue thec
aud take away thy tunie, let him have tliy coat also »°. However this
needs ἃ great ellortin order that we may restrain and eut away the corruptions
of sin. For what he said is like this. « lf you are standing in the

‎1. Maltli,, v, 25. — 2. /bid., 25, 36. -— ἃς Ibid, ^t.
