[229] LXV. — TO EUPRANIUS. 59

ܐܡܿܪܝܚܢ ‎etas‏ ܕܦܚܝܘܠܝܘܣ ܗܢܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎foot‏ .+ ܕܡܕܡ ܕܪܒ ܢܚܘܝܘܗܝ ܠܪܥܝܢܐ

ܙܕܙܢܝܘܬܐ:. ܡܢ ‎jeqM bis‏ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ. ܘܡܛܠܗܢܐ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܚܝܠܝܢ.. ܕܢܣܝܼܩܘܢ
ܠܬܘܪܨܐ ‎où lo ο.‏ ܕܒܕܚܠܬܐ ‎Janus cons 2l‏ ܚܛ ܗܐ ܕܦܓܪܐ

ܐܝܬܝܗܿ. ‎RS lo‏ ܕܗܠܝܝܢ ܕܫܪܟܐ ܠܒܪ ܡܢ ܦܓܪܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ. ܘܟܕ ܛܒ ܩܛܘܠܐ

ܐܝܕܗ ܡܿܛܢܦ ܒܕܡܐ.. ܘܒܦܓܪܐ ܕܝܠܗ ܚܝܛܐ. ܘܐܟܠܩܪܨܐ ܠܫܢܗ ‎"δω‏ ܐܝܟ
ܕܒܕܡܐ ܡܿܬܛܒܕܥ. ܐܠܐ ܠܡ ‎Lys où‏ 557 ܟܠܗ ܦܓܪܗ ܒܣܝܢܐ ܕܚܛܝܬܐ
ܡܿܥܡܕ. ܘܐܟܙܢܐ ܕܒܩܕܣܐ ܕܡܥܬܐ ܣ ܪܝ ܘܬܐ ܗܘ ܠܗ ‎us‏ ܡܛܠ ܗܢܐ ‎où So‏
ܕܡܙܢܐ܂. ܒܗ̇ܝ )19:22 ܕܟܠܗ ܐܬ݀ܛܢܦ ܘܐܬܒܠܒܠ.. ܠܒܫܬ ‎δω‏ ܪܗܽܶܛ܂. ‎μα.‏
‎o9.‏ ܠܟܘܬܡܬܐ ܕܒܘܠܒܬܐܼ ‎AG‏ ܐܝܢܐ ܕܡܡܬܘܡ ܠܐ ‎:J gea]‏ ܘܠܐ ‎[sal‏ ܘܠܐ
‎iso Lai‏ ܠܐ ܓܝܪ ܩ݀ܿܒܪܝܢ ܕܡܬܒܠܒܠ ܘܡܬܛܢܦ ܦܓܪܗܘܢ ܒܚܛܛܝܗܐ.
ܦܘܠܘܣ ܓܝܪ ܟܕ ܨ ܒܐ ‎Jun Jal‏ ܕܙܢܝܘܬܐ ‎Xx»‏ ܡܢ ܫܪܟܐ ܕܚܝ̈ܛܗܐ..
ܐܬܚܫܚ ܒܪܘܕܐ܂ ܘܐܡܝܪ. ܕܦܪܟܐ ܡܢ ‎Jos‏ ܠܒܪ ܡܢ ܦܓܪܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ. ܗܽܘ ܓܝܪ
‎x‏ ܒܦܓܪܗ ‎JAM‏ ܐܢܫ̈ܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܐ ‎gro)‏ + ܕܗܕܐ ܬܪܥܝܬܐ ܐܝܬ ‎ὃν‏
‏ܠܡܠܬܐ:. ܗܺܝ ‎Lipsés où‏ ܒܦܓܪܐ ܕܝܠܗ ‎ds Re‏ ܠܥܡ ‎-,)1οί‏ ܕܒܩܘܝܡܐ
ܕܦܓܪܗ ܡܡܣܟܠ. ܘܐܝܟ ܕܥܡܐܡܪ܂ ܒܗ ܒܬܘܩܢܗ ‎fais;‏ ܘܒܗ ܒܪܐ ܙܐ ܕܢܘܪܝܗ

intention was this, to show the olTence of fornication to be something greater
than all other sins, and therefore lie frightens those that are weak in order
that they may rise to reformation, and by way of deterrent says that for-
nication is a sin of the body, and as if tlie other sinus are outside the body,
aud, though a murderer defiles his hand with blood, and sins against his
own body, and a slanderer immerses his tongue in calumny as in blood, yet
he who commits fornication, lie says, dips his whole body in the mire of sin,
and lets it down as into a pot that is fall of putrid matter; therefore too he
who commits fornication also, in that he thinks that the whole of him has
beeu defiled und polluted, runs to the laver in order to wash off the stain
itself of the pollution, which a slanderer or a robber or a lhief never does,
for they do not think that their body is polluted and defiled by the sin : for
Paul, wishing to show that the offence of foruication is higher than the
other sins, used this expression and said, « The other sins are outside the
body; for 116 who commits fornication sins against his body ». But certain
others say that this is the meaning of the saying that he who commits forni-
cation sins against his own body, that is, that lie olfends against the struc-
ture of the body, and, so to speak, against the very formation of man, and

160 1? a.
