‎LXV. — TO EUPRAXIUS. 7‏ ]177[
ܪܚܡ ܠܐܠܗܐ ‎Lo [sans .,limaums;so)‏ ܒܠܝܥ ܐܢܬ܀ ܘܒܬܪ ܩܠܝܠ
ܡܦܩ ܒܪܘܚܐ܀ ‎Ress‏ ܗܟܝܠ ܩܕܡܐܝܬ ܕܬܐܠܦ.. ܕܐܝ݀ܟܢ ܐܡܿܪܝܢܢ ܕܡܠܬܐ ܐܠܗܐ
ܕܠܐ ܫܘܪܝܐ ܡܝܢ ܐܒܐ ܐܬܝܠܕ. ܐܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܡܢܗ ܕܟܘܢܝܗ ܕܐܒܐ . ܕܠܐ ‎Lias‏ ܐܡܿܪ ܐܢܐ
ܠܗ ܠܝܠܕܗ ܕܒܪܐ. ܐܢ ܓܝܪ ܡܢ ‎5X»‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܐܒܐ ܂. ܐܦ ܒܪܐ ‎Janus‏
‏ܠܗ ܠܐܒܐ܂. ܡܝܢ ܥܠܡܝܢ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ. ‎κὶ‏ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܙܒܢܐ ܟܕ ‎Jl‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
ܗܘܐ ‎«Jis‏ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ]35 ܙܒܢܐ ܟܕ ܐܒܐ ܠܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܐܒܐ . ܚܢܢ ܓܝܪ ܡܛܠ
‎μμω5,‏ ܡܬܚ ܒܠܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܢ.. ܒܙܒܢܐ ܗܘܝܢܢ. ܘܬܘܒ ‎Kiss‏ ܡܝܢ ‎Là‏ ܕܢܗܘܐ.
‎Jose‏ ܘܫܘܡܗܐ ܕܡܛܠܬܢ ܡܫܬܚܠܦܝܢ. ܘܒܙܒܢ ܡܶܝܢ܂ ܐܝܬܝܢ ܒ̈ܝ ]ܐ
ܕܐܢܫ̈ܝܢ. ܘܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܗܕܐ܂. ‎Ride‏ ܡܝܢ ܗܿܝ° ܕܢܗܘܐ ܒ̈ܢܝܐ. ܘܐܒܗ̈ܐ ܗ̇ܘܝܢܢ..
ܘܐܚܖ̈ܢܐ ܡܘܠܕܝܢܢ. ܐܠܗܐ ܕܝܢ ܠܐ ܡܫܬܚܠܦܢܐ ܗܘ ܒܟܝܢܗ. ܘܡܢ ܥܠܡ ܐܝܟ
ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ܂ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ. ܘܡܢ ‎eS‏ ܐܒܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝܼ. ܘܒܪܐ ‎je‏ ܗܘܐ. ‎fs‏ ܒܝܪܐ
ܐܝܚܬܘܗܝ )99 ‎SNS‏ ܘܡܬܘܡܐܝܬ ܐܬܝܥܕ ܡܢ ܐܒܐ. ܘܠܘ ܡܢ ‎EAN‏
‎μοι‏ ܠܐܒܐ ‎o9‏ ܕܐܒܐ ܢܗܘܐ ܠܗ. ܡܛܠ ܕܕܠܐ ܢܘܪܝܐ ܘܕܠܐ ܙܒܢܐ ‎où‏ ܒܪܐ ܐܬܝܠܕ
ܡܢܗ. ܐܢ ܓܝܪ ܚܟܡܬܗ ܘܚܝܠܗ ܕܐܒܐ ‎vue]‏ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܒܪܐ: ‎pl‏ ܗܝ

‎1. Ms. ‏ܐܘ‎ bis. — 2. Ms. ‏.ܗܝ‎ — 3. Ms. oiol.

‎God-loving Eupraxius, are' smitten with divine love » : and « little farther
on the defence). First therefore you seek to learn how we say that God the
Word was begotten without beginning by the Father. But I from the very
appellation *Father' say that the generation of the Son is without beginning.
Η the Father was from eternity, the Son also, who shows forth the Father,
existed from eternity : for, if there was a time when the Son did not exist,
there was then? a time when the Father was not a father. | We, because we
are a eorruptible nature, come into being in time, and again pass away
from being : therefore also the names applied to us vary; and at one time
we are sons of certain persons, and after this we cease to be sons, and we
become fathers, and we beget others. But God is in his nature invariable,
and he is as he is from eternity, and he 15 a father from eternity. And the
Son became sueh to eternity, and the Son is a son who is from eternity,
and he was begotten everlastingly by the Father; and he did not acquire for
the Father from outside the status of a lather, beeause the Son was begotten
by him without beginning and without time. If we say that the Son is
the wisdom and the power of the Father in aecordanee with the wise Paul's

‎1. In the heading of the extracts at G 8 vo a (p. 180) and G 13° v* b (p. 181) *being'. — 2. ἄρα,
