156 v° a.

32 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [202]

‎où‏ ܠܝܘܛܬܐ: ‎Lis‏ ܕܠܝܘܛܝܬܐ ܗܽܘܐ܂. ܘܟܠܗܕܐ ܒܥܠ ܕܠܫܒܐ ܡܣܩ: ‎«99ο‏ ܬܡܢ
ܥܪܘܩܬܐ ܥܒܕ ܠܗܿ. ܡܢ ܢܡܘܣܐ ܓܝܪ ܡܬܚܝ̈ܣܢܐ ܗܘܬ ‎six) où‏ ܕܠܝܛ ܗܘ
ܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܟܠ ܡܝܢ ܕܢܬܬܠܐ ܥܠ ܩܝܣܐ. ‎ooo‏ ܠܡܘܬܐ ܠܝܛܐ ܕܚܠܦܝܢ ܩܒܠ..
ܡܢ ܗܪܟܐ܂ ܠܟܠܗ ‎T Lans) Lois‏ ܘܣܗܿܕ ‎«eas Lisa)‏ ܕܟܬܒ
‎lo LEM‏ ܕܡܫܝܚܐ ‎uos)‏ ܠܢ ܡܝܢ ܠܝܘܛܬܗ ܕܢܡܘܣܐ܂ ܘܗܘܼܐ ܚܠܦܝܢ
| ܠܘܛܬܐ. ܡܛܠ ܕܟܬܝܒ. ‎Raid‏ ܗܘ ‎Sé Ww»‏ ܕܬ ܠܐ ܥܠ ‎Loan] .JLm——5‏

‏ܕܒܥܡܿܡܡܐ ܬܗܘܐ ܒܘܪܟܬܗ ܕܐܒܪܗܡ ܒܝܢܘܥ ܡܫܝܚܐ. ܗܟܢܐ ܘܚܛܬܛܝܬܐ ܡܬܐܡܚܪ
| ܕܗܘܼܐ܂. ܒܗܿܝ ܕܡܿܝܘܬܐ ܕܙܪܩ ‎LAN‏ ܣܝܕܒܪ. ܟܕ ܗܼܘ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎Josh‏
‎M po eh JN‏ ܒܝܢܬ ܬܪ̈ܝܢ ‎Laon‏ ܐܠܐ ‎e‏ ܡܢ ܡܛܠ
ܣ̈ܟܠܘܬܗܘܢ. ° ܘܐܝܟ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܐܘܢܓܠܚܘܢ ܕܡܪܩܘܣ ܕܐܸܡܿܪ÷. ܘܥܡܗ ܨܠܒܘ ܬܙ̈ܝܢ
‎κ 9‏ ܚܕ ܡܢ ܝܡܝܢܐ ܘܚܕ ܡܢ ܣܡܝܐܐ. ܘܐܫܬܡܿܠܝ ܟܬܒܐ ‎SR‏

‏ܕܥܡ ܥܘ̈ܠܐ ܐܬܚܫܒ. ܗܟܢܐ ܗܼܘܐ ‎Jed JR‏ ܕܐܚܪ̈ܢܝܐ ‎Si‏ ܗܟܢܐ

‏ܘܚܘܒܬܐ ܕܚܠܝܦܚܝܢ ‎SES‏ ܘܚܢܢ ‎Con‏ ܚܢܢ ܒܗ ܙܕܝܝܩܝܘܬܐ. ܐܝܠܝܢ ܓܝܪ

‏ܕܐܬܕܓܗܝܘ ܡܢ ܚܘ̈ܒܬܐ ‎ο.)‏ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ.. ܘܠܐ ܡܥܡܿܒܕܐ ܡܬܟܢܝܢ. ܘܡܛܠ

‎being himself made a curse he becomes a dispeller of the curse, and this ὁ
curse he takes up on to the cross, and thence puts it to flight : for it was |
overcome by the law which said, « Cursed of God is everyone who shall be
hanged upon wood »'. And he himself underwent the accursed death that
was for our sake, and thence blessed the whole human race; and the blessed
Paul bears witness who writes to the Galatians and says, « Christ redeemed
us from the curse of the law, and hecame a cnrse for our sake, because it 15
written, *Cursed is everyone who is hanged upon wood’, in order that the
blessing of Abraham might be among the nations in Jesus Christ »?. 850
also he is said to have become sin?, because he endured the death that was
the due of sinners; for, while he is himself the pure justice of the Father, he
is crucified between two robbers; but these on account of their offences, and
in accordance with the passage in the Gospel of Mark who says, « And
with him they crucified two robbers, one ou the right hand and one on the
left, and the Scripture was fulfilled which saith, ‘Ile was numbered with

‎the unjust ν΄.

‎So he became sin to remit the sins of others : so also he
paid the debt that was incurred for us, and we ourselves became righte-

‎ousness in him; for those who have been freed from debts are righteous, and

‎1. Deut., xxi, 23. — 2. Gal., 111, 13, 14. — 3. II Cor., v, 21. — 4. Mark, xv, 27, 28.
