‎LXV. — TO EUPRAXIUS. 19‏ ]189[
ܘܗܘܼܐ ܫܪܝܪܐܝܬ (ܒܪܢܫܐ)'. ܕܠܘ ܕܝܢ ܠܐ ܡܢܦܫܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܦܓܪܐ ܕܚܝܕ
ܠܗ ̇ ܝܙܝܥܐ ‎μοὶ‏ ܡܢ ܒܪܬ ܩܠܗ ܕܡܠܐܟܐ. 507 ܓܝܪ ܕܩܘܡ )9 ܠܛܠܝܐ ܘܠܐܡܗ..
‎Ko‏ ܠܐܪܥܐ ܕܐܝܣܪܐܝܠ. ܡܚܬܘ ܠܗܘܢ ܓܝܪ ‎AQU‏ ܕܒܥܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܢܦܫܗ
ܕܛܠܝܐ. ܡܛܠ ‎o6‏ ܕܐܦ ‎οί‏ ܗܘܐ ܕܫܘܠܛܢܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܝ ‎romans);‏ ܘܫܘܠܛܛܢܐ
ܐܝܬ ‎coh, «M‏ ܐܣܒܚܗܿ. ܠܘ ‎M‏ ܕܠܐ ܗܘܢܐ ܐܘ ܠܐ ܡܫܡܠܝܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܪܗܿ ‎“lot‏
‎y‏ ܡܠܬ ܡܡܬܠܘܗܝ ‎J| ευ Mes],‏ ܘܝܕܘܥܬܢܝܬܐ܂ ̇ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ‎où‏ ܟܘܢܝܗ
‎EN;‏ ܘܗܝ ܕܒܪܢܫܐ ‎Haas oa]‏ ܗܝ ܕܗܼܝ ܗܕܐ ܬܚܚܘܐ. ܢܦܫܗ ܓܝܪ ܕܛܠܝܐ
ܠܘ ܕܠܐ ܡܠܝܬܐܼ ܐܝܬܝܪܘܿ. ܐܠܐ ܡܠܝܝܠܬܐ ‎por‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܐܢܢܝܬܐ ‎«ὀμλ-‏ ܒܪܡ
ܕܝܢ ‎oio‏ ܠܗܕܐ܂. ‎Κου‏ ܡܚ̈ܘܝܢ ‎le‏ ܟܬܝܒ̈ܬ ܩܕܝܫ̈ܬܐ ܕܐܘܢܓܠܫܘܢ. ܐܡܪ
ܓܝܪ ‎ARS‏ ܗܝܕܝܢ ‎oue‏ ܠܡܬܥܩܘ ‎sonas Mo‏ ܘܠܡܐܡܪ ܕܟܪܝܐ ܗܝ
‎καλα où‏ ܥܕܡܐ ܠܡܘܬܐ. ܥܩܬܐ ܕܝܢ ܘܟܡܝܪܘܬܐ ܝܕܝܥܐ ܗܝ ‎DS‏ ܕܠܘܐ
‎[aos‏ ܡܠܝܠܝܬܐ ܘܡܣܬܟܠܕܪܙܫܬܐ ‎Les‏ ܕܝܝܢ ܬ ܪܘܘܬܗ ‎esl br‏
‎as‏ ܗܘܢܐ ܗܘܼܬ. ܕܠܐ ‎oot‏ ܗܝ ܗܕܐ ‎ασ) «ή.‏ ܥܠ ܟܫܚܝܢܝܐ ܠܐ
‎[sas‏ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎Lys‏ ܡܕܝܢ ‎RL sas‏ ܝܕܝܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܡܠܬܐ ‎Less [oor‏ +

‎1. Ms. om.

‎him was not without a soul is certain from the words of the angel : for he
said, « Rise, take the boy and his mother, and go to the land of Israel, for
they are dead who sought the boy's soul »' : concerning which he also said,
«Τ have power to lay it down, and I have power to take it again « 720 Dut it
was not without intelligence and imperfect, according to the statement of
the proverbs of Apollinaris, but was in fact intelligent, as indeed the very
term * boy' and the fact that he was named * man' is enough to show this
same thing : for a boy's soul is not without reason, but it is reasonable
because it is human. However this very same thing is also clearly shown
even by the saered writings of the gospel; for it said of him, « Then he
began to be distressed and grieved, and to say, * My soul is sorrowful, even

‎unto death” « 1

‎But it is plain to evervone that distress and grief happen
io a rational and intelleetual soul. But, if they say that the Godhead οἵ the
Only one took the place of intellect, this is in truth a thing without intel-
lect, for us to assign the passion of distress to the impassible nature of God.
Accordingly the Only God the Word became perfectly man, that he might

‎bestow upon us perfect salvation : for, as soon as he was born, lie did awav

‎1. Matth., τι, 20. — 2. John, x, 18. — 3. Matth., xxvi, 28.
