153 νο ὃν

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [178]‏ 8
ܕܠܚܟܚܡܐ ܦܘܠܘܣ ܐ̱ܡܝܪܐ: ܕܡܫܝܚܐ ‎JL‏ ܗܘ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܘܚܟܡܬܗ ܕܐܠܪܘܐ..
‎μα]‏ ܠܘ ܠܗܠ ܡܝܢ ‎Ko‏ ܪܘܫܥܐ ‎μάν ke)‏ ܕܢܐܡܪܝܘܗܝ ܠܐܒܐ ܕܡܢ
ܡܬܘܡ ܕܠܐ ܚܒܡܬܐ܆:. ‎οἱ‏ ܕܠܐ ‎opel] JL‏ ܐܲܢ ܕܝܢ ܡܝܢ ܥܠܡ ܚܟܫܝܡܐ ‎τοοι‏
‏ܘܡܢ ܥܠܡ ‎BASS‏ ܗܘܢ. ܘܐܦ ܟܝܢ ܥܠܡ ܚܟܡܬܐ ܐܝܬ ‎Lo où‏ ܗܳܝ
ܕܐܝܬܝܗܿ܂ ‎.Lousdo‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܓܝܪ ‎Les‏ ܕܬܫܒܘܚܬܗ 59[ . ܘܪܘܫܡܐ ܕܩܥܘܡܙܗ.
‎τς Lysl‏ ܕܠܨܡܚܐ ܥܠܕܬܐ ܐܝܬ ܠܗ ܫܡܫܐ ‎où‏ ܕܡܢܗ ‎AR‏ ܫܡܫܐ ܕܚܢ
ܚܘܕܪܐ ܡܕܡ ܘܟܘܪܟܐ ܐܝܬܘܘܝ: ܘܐܝܟ ܕܠܡܐܡܪ ܪܘܟܒܐ ܡܕܡ : ‎Le‏ ܕܝܝܢ ܕܡܢܗ
ܢܘܗܪܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎soso;‏ ܘܡܢ ܗܪ ܠܟܠܗ ܬܚܝܬ ‎i.e.‏ ܐܪܥܐ ‎x‏ ܐܢܐ
ܘܠܝܡܐ ܐܟܚܕܐ: ܘܠܐ ܡܡܬܘܡ ܐܝܬ ‎ανν JS‏ ܕܠܐ ‎Lo.‏ ܕܡܢܗ: ܐܠܐ
ܥܡ ‎one, Jia olo AU) Css σα Lo‏ ܡܬ ‎μὲ‏ ܐܢܬ ܘܡܣܤܣܬܟܠ
ܐܢܬ ܠܐ ܡܦܪܢܐܝܬ: ܠܗܘ ܕܡܢܪܘܪ ‎οὐΐδιο‏ ܕܡܢܗ ܡܬ ܢܗܪ: ܡܢܗ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ܂
ܘܠܘ ܡܢ ܒܬܪܙܘ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ. ܙܘܟܢܐ ܘܡܝܢ ܢܘܗܪܐ ܡܬܘܡܝܐ ܘܡܬܝܕܥܢܝܐ ܕܐܝܬܘܘܝ
ܐܒܐ . ܕܠܐ ܢܘܪܝܐ ‎Rofsooksoo‏ ]$66 ܒܪܐ܆. ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܐܦ ‎“Jus ho Lex eo‏
ܕܡܢܗ ‎MJ K‏ 94« ܘܠܘ ܡܢ ܒܬܪܗ ܡܬܚܝܼܙܐ. ܘܐܟܙܢܐ ܕܡܐ ܕܫܡܿܥܝܢܢ

‎1. Ms. bb.

‎saying, « Christ is the power of God and the wisdom of God »', how is it
not beyond all impiety for us to presume to say that the Father ever
appeared without wisdom or without power? But, if he is wise
from eternity, and he is powerful from eternity, then he has also wisdom
and power from eternity, which is Christ : for he is the ray of the glory of
the Father, and the impress of his hypostasis?. As the sun from whiel it
shines is the cause of the ray, and the sun is a cirele and orb, and, so to
speak, a composition, and the ray that comes from it is the bght that is
emitted and lighteus everything under licaven, the land 1 mean and the sea
at the same time, and one can never see the sun without the ray that comes
from it, but, when you hear of the sun, then vou also without separation
think of and understand the light that comes from it, that which gives light
and that which is liglitened by it, [ου it is from it, and is not after it, so also
from the everlasting and suprasensual light, which 18 the Father, the Son
shone forth without beginning and everlastingly, who himself also is the su-
prasensual ray which proceeds from him by generation, and does not appear
after lun. And, as when we hear the divine Scripture calling tlie Son a ray,

‎1. I Cor. 1, 24. τα 2, IHeb., 1, 3.
