[217] LXV. — TO EUPRAXIUS. 47

ܠܬܛܥܝܘܬܗ ܕܚܘܝܐ. ܐܡܝܪ ܠܗܘܢ ܓܝܪ. ܕܡܢ ܩܝܣܐ ܕܝܕܥܬܐ ܕܛܒܬܐ ܘܕܒܝܫܬܐ܂
‎Ji‏ ܬ ܐܟܠܘܢ ܡܢܗ. ܒܚܘܡܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܬܐܟܠܘܢ ܡܢܗܼ ‎Ja‏ ܬܡܝܼܘܬܘܢ. ܟܡܐ ܓܚܝܪ
‎e i‏ ܗܘܘ ܢܡܘܣܐ: ܘܠܐ ܚܫܘܢܐܝܬܐ ܥܡ ܚܕ̈ܕܐ ܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ: ܘܒܥܪܛܠܝܘܬܐ ܕܚܕ̈ܕܐ
‎KE Jl‏ ܗܘܘ: ‎ele‏ ° ܠܫܘܬܦܘܬܗܘܢ ܕܒܙܘܘܓܐ ‎v‏ ܗܘܘ ܡܬܒܣܡܝܢ
ܗܘܘ ܒܗ ܒܦܪܕܝܣܐ ‎Lis‏ ܛܘ̈ܒܬܢܐ. ܟܕ ܕܝܢ ܐܢܬܬܐ ܐܫܥܡܬ ܗܥܝܢ ܕܥܘܕܪܢܐ:
ܘܡܢ ܦܫܝܛܘܬܐ ܐܝܟ ܪܦܝܝܼܬܐ ܛܥܚܘܬ ܡܠܼܟܗ ܕܚܘܝܐ ‎s Nata‏ ܗܝܕܝܢ ܐܦ ‎La‏
‏ܡܠܘܟܬܐ ܒܚܫܬܐ ܠܓܒܪܐ ܗܘܬ. ܘܡܚܝܕܐ ‎Lisas‏ ܠܐܠܗܐ ‎wo :..οοο «οι‏ ܠܚܝ̈ܐ
ܕܒܦܪܕܝܣܐ. ܘܒܝܕ ܡܘܬܐ ܡܬܚ ܝܒܝܢ ‎.οοοι‏ ܘܚܟܡ ܐܕܡ ܠܐܢܬܬܗ. ܘܗܽܘܝܐ ܠܗ
ܒܛܟܣܐ ܬܪܝܢܐ ܡܥܕܪܢܝܬܐ܆. ܒܝܕ ܡܦܪܝܘܬ ܒܢ̈ܝܐ. ܘܩܕܡܝܬ ܡܿܢ. ܠܦܘܠܚܢܐ
ܕܒܦܪܕܝܣܐ ܐܬܝܗܼܒܬ ܗܘܬ ܠܗ ܡܥܕܪܢܝܬܐ. ܕܐܝܚܟ ܗܕܐ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܒܛܝܠܘܬܗ
ܕܐܠܗܐ ܕܡܛܠܬܢ. ܕܐܦ ܟܕ ܚܢܢ ܡܫܬܚܠܦܝܢܢ.. ܢܡܬܘܚ ܥܡܢ ܥܘܕܪܢܐ.
ܥܒܕܗ ܓܝܪ ‎Jen‏ ܫܠܝܛ ܒܝܬܗܼ ܘܕܢܫܩܪ ܠܛܒܬܐ. ܘܟܕ ‎Jp Pro‏
ܕܡܫܬܬܚܠܦܢ. ‎caes] λογο‏ ܠܗ ܥܘܕܪܢܐ. ܡܛܠܗܢܐ ܘܐܕܡ ܡܢ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܐܠܗܝܬܐ
ܡܚܕܐ ܕܐܬܒܕܼܪܝܬ ‎ο Πο‏ ܐܡܼܪ. ܕܢ̣ܫܒܘܩ ܓܒܪܐ ܠܐܒܘܗܝ ‎ο‏ ܘܢܩܝܲܦ

deceit of the serpent; for he said to them, « Of the tree of knowledge of
good and evil ye shall not eat of it; but in the day in which ye shall eat of
it ye shall die »'. For, as long as they kept the law, and rejoiced with one
another without passion, and did not perceive one another's nakedness, and
also did not think of their uniou iu marriage, they enjoyed the blessed life
in Paradise itself. But, when the woman gave up the duty of hclp, and
like a weak person out of simplicity accepted the deceitful counsel of the
serpent, then she herself also became an evil counsellor to the man, and
immediately they were alien to God, and also to the life in Paradise, aud by
means of death were condemned; and Adam knew his wife, and she becomes
a helper to him in the second line, through the procreation of children*. And
at first she was given him as a helper in the worship in Paradise; for
such is God's care for us that, even when we change, he continues to help
us : for he made man his own master, and to honour that which is good;
and, having foreseen that he would change, he provided a helper for him
beforehand. Therefore also Adam by the grace of God, as soon as the
woman was created, foretold that a man should ‘leave his father and his

1. Gen., r1, 17. — 2. Cf. ep. 63.

158 v? a.
