ܐ

[193] LXV. — TO EUPRAXIUS. 23

ܡܛܠ ܕܝܢ ܕܐܼܦ ܗܕܐ ‎Mp3‏ ܡܬܐܡܪܐ ܡܢ ܐܢܫ̈ܝܢ ‎Dex]‏ ܕܒܗܿܝ
ܕܡܗܝܡܢܝܢܢ ܕܡܠܝܬܐ ܐܠ ܙܘܐ ‎el‏ ܠܒܣܪܐ: ܐܠܨܐܝܬ ܘܐܒܐ ܒܗ̇ܝ ܕܡܥܡܗ
‎loss‏ ܟܕ ܡܢܗ ܕܟܝܢܐ ܐܝܝܬܘܗܝ: ܕܐܬܒܝܣܝܪ ܡܬܐܡܝܪ: ܘܐܦ ܪܘܚܝܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ..
ܠܚܡܒܐܝܬ | 30 + ‎Nh 2à‏ ܠܢ ܘܗܝܡܬܬܢ܇. ܟܕ ‎cL Naso‏ ܗܘܢܢ ܒܝܟܬܒ̈ܐ
ܐܠܪܘ̈ܝܐ܂. ܘܠܘ ܡܢ ܐܪܥܐ ܡܙ݀ܥܩܝܢܝܢ ܐܝܡ ܡܠܝܬܗ ‎esas‏ ܘܐܦܠܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܡܢ
ܠܒܢ ܓ ܒܠܚܝܢܢ. ‎Rs‏ ܠܗܘܢ ܕܝܢ ܗܕܐ ܗܦܟܬ|܂ ܗܟܢܐ܀ ܕܐܸܢ ‎oo‏ ܕܡܫܝܚܐ
ܠܡ ܡܙܥܩ ܒܐܘܢܓܠܝܚܘܢ.. ‎hl‏ ܒܐܒܝ ܘܐܼܒܝ ܒܫ: ܘܦܘܠܘܣ ܬܘܒ |36: ܕܕܠܡܐ
ܕܐܠܗܐ ܠܐ ܡܬܚܙܝܢܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎Jp»‏ ܘܬܘܒ ‎oo,‏ ܕܒܪܐ ܪܘܚܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ: ܒܗ̇ܝ ‎pl:‏
‏ܡܛܠ ‎«Ml‏ ܕܐܫܬܘܝܘ ܠܤܚܕܡܬ ܒܢ̈ܝܐ ܕܪܘܚܐ܆. ‎miss‏ ܕܡܘܬܐ ‎ooo‏ ܕܕܨܠܝܡܐ
‎eh Lots‏ ܕܡܢ ܪܟܐ ܬܬܚܘܐ.܂. ܕܚܕܐ ‎ol ee]‏ ܬܠܚܝܬܝܘܬܐ ܩܕܝܫܬܐ.
ܐܟܢܐ ܟܕ ܡܬܐܡܪ ܒܪܐ ‎sk‏ ܠܘ ‎solo‏ ܠܐܒܐ ‎oo‏ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܢܬܠ ‎“sl;‏

ܒܗܝ ܕܒܒܪܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ‎κϑὸ E‏ ܡܝܢ ‎κοι‏ ܚܢܝܢ ܕܝܢ
‎won "xol NM. No‏ ܐܘ ܐܢܬܘܢ ْ ܕܗܠܝܢ —— ܩܢܽܘܡܐ

]. Ms. ‏ܡܢܗ‎

Since you have said that this also is impiously said by some men,
that, inasmuch as we believe that God the Word was united to flesh, the
Father also, inasmuch as lie is named as being of the same nature, is neces-
sarily said to have become incarnate, and the l[oly Spirit also, we fitly say
what we can and what we have believed, fixing our mind on the divine
Scriptures, and not crying from the earth aecording to the propliet/s saying,
nor yet making up things that come from our heart^. But this objection
has occurred to them in this way. If so be that Christ cries in the gospel,
« l am in my Father and my Father in me »?, and Paul again says that the
Son is the image of the invisible God*, and the Iloly Spirit also the image
of the Son, in that he said of those who liad been admitted to the adoption
as sons by the Spirit, « they became conformed to the image of his Son »*,
that it might be shown as following from this that the Holy Trinity is one
essence?, when it is said that the Son became inearnate, how can we nol
also allow that the Father and the Holy Spirit too became incarnate, inasmuch
as they are in the Son and appear in him? This is what these say. But
we say with intelligence : These, my good men, are the words of those wlio
confuse the liypostases. But, if the Father is the Father, he never passes

1. Is., xix, 3 (0). — 2. Jer., xxut, 16. — 3. John, xiv, 10, — ^. Col, 1, 15. — 5. loni, viu 20, —

6. οὐσία.
