[201] 7 LXV. — TO EUPRAXIUS. - 81

ܡܢ ܚܫܘܟܐ ܠܐ ‎pad‏ .+ ܒܗ ܟܕ ‎Lis οι»‏ ܘܝܚܝܕܝܐ ܡܠܬܐ ܐܠܗܐ:. ܗܘ ܫܡܫܐ
ܕܙܕܝܩܘܬܐ:. ‎ος.‏ ܘܠܠܘܛܬܐ ‎Rss Jes‏ ܓܝܪ ܡܚܕܐ
ܒܬܘܠܬܐ ܩܕܝܬܬܐ: ܗܝ ܕܒܬܛܬܝܼܬ ‎où‏ ܒܬܛܢܐ ‎Los‏ ܘܠܐ ܡܬܚ ܒܠܢܐ: ܡܢ ܐܠܝܫܒܥ
ܗ̇ܝ ܕܐܠܗܐܝܬ ܐܬ ܬܙܝܥܬ: ‎οὐὐ‏ ܕܚܢ ܡܫܡܫܢܝܬܗ ܕܡܥܡܕܢܐ..ْ ܒܪܝܟܬܐ ܐܢܬܝ
ܒܢ̈ܫܐ܂. ܘܡܥܝ̣ܙܡ ‎οοι‏ 29[ ܕܟܪܣܟܝ: ܘܡܢ ܐܝܟܐ ܠܝ ܗܕܐ܆. ܕܐܡܙܘ ܕܡܪܝ ܬ ܬܝ ܠܘܬܝ.
ܐܠܘ ܓܝܪ ܠܐ ‎Άδη‏ ܕܡܝܪܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎Rss‏ ܡܢ ܝܠܕܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܡܝܪ ܡ .. ܠܐ
ܡܙܥܩܐ ܗܘܬ ܕܡܡܒܪܟ ܗܘ ܦܐܪܐ ܕܟܪܣܝܟܝ. ‎als,‏ ܕܝܢ ܠܗܕܐ܂. ܘܐܦ ܡܪܢ
‎oor SR S‏ ܫܪܐ ܠܠܝܘܛܬܐ.. ܕܠܐ ܬܘܒ ܬܗܘܐ ‎INA‏ ܐܪܥܐ ܒܥܒܕܐ ‎pers ls‏ ܟܕ
ܐܡܿܪܢ. ܕܠܐ ܬܦܠܚܘܢ ܠܡܐܟܘܠܬܐ ‎est‏ ܐܠܐ ܡܐܟܘܠܬܐ ܐܝܕܐ ‎Lets‏ ܒܚ̈ܝܐ
‎ο.‏ ܐܝܕܐ ܕܒܪܗ ‎Be]‏ ܢܬܠ ܠܟܘܢ. ܘܠܐ ‎yh JA oes‏ ܬܐܟܘܠ

ܠܚܡܟ. ܐܠܐ ܐܢܐ ‎CAC)‏ ܠܚܡܐ ܕܚܚ̈ܝܐ ‎oùt‏ ܕܡܢ ܫܡܝܐ ܢܚܝܼܬ. ܘܐܸܢ ܐܢܫ ܢܐܟܘܠ
ܡܢ ܗܢܐ ܠܚܡܐ ‎μ‏ ܠܥܠܝܡ. ܘܠܐ ܬܘܒ ܕܥܦܪܐ ܐܢܬ ܘܠܥܦܪܐ ܬܗܦܘܟ. ܐܠܐ ܗܢܐ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܨܒܝܢܐ ܕܐܒܝ.. ܕܟܠ ‎Ji‏ ܠܒܪܐ ܘܡܗܝܡܢ ܒܗ. ܢܗܘܗܢ ܠܗ ܚܝ̈ܐ
ܕܠܥܠܡ. ‎beans comae] ble‏ ܐܚܪܝܐ. ‎Ju‏ ܐܢܬ ܕܒܟܠܗܝܝܢ: ܒܗܿܝ ܕܢܗܘܐ

1. Ms. ‏ܐܬܬܝ‎ — 3, Ms, vo.

by darkness, in the same way also the Only God the Word, the Sun of
righteousness, as soon as he approached our nature, also dispelled the curso.
For the holy Virgin, who conceived witlrthe divine and incorruptible con-
ception, immediately heard from Elizabeth who had been divinely moved,
that is the servant of the Baptist, the words, « Blessed art thou among
women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb. And whence is this to me,
that the mother of my Lord should come to me? »'. If she had not known
that it was the Lord who was couceived of the God-bearer Mary, she would
not have cried, « Blessed is the fruit of thy womb ». In agreement with
this our Lord himself also in his words dispelled the curse, that the earth
might no more be * cursed in the work of thine hands ', saying, « Work not
the food that perisheth, but the food that abideth in eternal life, which the
Son of man will give you », and not, « In the sweat of thy face shalt thou
eat thy bread », but, « I am the bread of life which came down from heaven,
and if any man eat of this bread hie shall live for ever », and no more, « Dust
thou art and to dust shalt thou returu », but, « This is the will of my Father,
that everyone who secth the Son and believeth ou him shall have eternal life,
and 1 will raise him up at the last day »?. You see that on all points by

1. Luke, 1, 42, 43. — 2. John, vi, 27, 40, 51.
