‎LXV. — TO EUPRANIUS. 49‏ ]219[
ܥܡܗ. ‎«33ο‏ ܠܟܘܢ ܟܠܗܘܢ ܚ̈ܛܛܗܝܟܘܢ. ‎JE‏ ܐܢܬ ܕܐܒܕܢܐ ܕܥܘܪܠܘܬܐ ‎A)‏
‏ܐ ‎TN‏ ܘܟܦܘܪܝܐ ܐܝܬ ‎à»‏ ܕܝܠܕܐ ܒܣܪܢܝܐ: ܘܕܗܢܝܘܬܐ ܡܫܝܬܘܬܗ ‎Le JR?‏
‎leo μᾶ.. Ji Fa‏ ܒ̈ܙܢܝܐ ܡܫܬܘܕܝܐ.. ‎oo fans)‏ ܫܪܪܗ ܕܠܡܕܐ ‎où "ua‏
ܕܛܘܦܣܐ ܕܝܠܗ ܐܝܬܝܗܿ ܓܙܘܪܬܐ. ‎en‏ ܡܝܢ ܛܠܢܐܝܬ܂ ܠܥܘܪܠܘܬܐ ܕܒܣܪܐ ‎aimes‏
‏ܥܡܕܐ ܕܝܝܢ܂ ܠܥܘܪܠܘܬܐ ܕܢܦܫܐ.. ܘܐܝܟ ‎soja,‏ ܠܝܬܐܝܪܘܬܐ ܒܝܫܘܬܗܿ ܡܽ ܘܒܕ.
‎y‏ ܗܕܐ ܓܝܪ ‎ends]‏ ܗܘܬ ܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܢܡܘܣܝܬܐ܆. ܘܩܚܡܐ ܕܥܡ ܐܒܪܗܡ.
ܘܕܐܝܥܫܝܢ ܕܡܢܗ ܕܦܓܪܢܐܝܬ ‎n‏ ܘܡܬܪܓܫܢܐܝܬ܇. ܡܢ ‎Lake‏ ܡܫܬܡܠܚܐ
ܗܘܬ܆. ܡܩܕܡܐ ܗܘܬ ܕܝܢ ܡܚܘܝܐ ܣܘ̈ܟܠܐ ‎Eu}‏ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܓܠܝܼܬܐ ‎Ko‏
‏ܐܢܘܢ ܠܥܒܕܐ ܬܫܡܒܫܬ|° ‎JN anuos‏ ܘܡܬܝܕܥܢܝܬܐ ‎σι νο T RI PATET‏
‎τος.‏ ܓܙܘܪܬܐ ‎JR so‏ ܘܒܬܪܥܝܬܢ ‎«θίασο‏ ܕܠܐ ܬܘܒ ܐܬܝܢ
‎Lis‏ ܕܒܣܪܐ܆. ‎als‏ ܓܝܪ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܡܫܬܡܗܝܢܝܢ. ‎was‏ ܓܝܪ ܡܢܐ ܐܸܡܪ ܝܘܚܢܢ
‎où‏ ܪܥܡܐ ‎Ml “LAN Jos Jieszao‏ ܓܝܪ ‎oot S alos‏ ܝܗܼܒ ܠܗܘܢ
‎Los‏ . ܕܒܥ̈ܝܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎«ρουμ‏ ܠܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܗܝܐܬܡܢܙܘ ‎HAS‏ ܐܝܥܝܢ ܕܠܘ ܡܢ
‎"ο‏ ܘܠܘ ܡܢ ‎Has,‏ ܕܓܒܪܐ. ‎«ἰ‏ ܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ ‎ol]‏ ܢܗܝܪܐܝܬ ܕܝܢ ܡܚܘܐ

‎1. Added in marg. — 2, Ms. ‏ܕܬܬܡܬܬܐ‎ .

‎with him, and he forgave you all your sins »'. You see that circumcision
is the destruction of the foreskin, and contains a renunciation of fleshly
birth and of the body's pleasure in mortality; for it confesses the passionless
and new-fashioned life, as the, actual truth of baptism showed, of which
circumeision is a type, which in a shadow cuts away the foreskin of the
flesh, while baptism cuts away the foreskin of the soul, and, so to speak,
destroys its excessive wickedness. Such was the legal ceremony, aud
the covenant. with Abraham, and of? his descendants, which by the ancients
was carried out in a bodily and sensual fashion, but signified beforehand the
allegorical conceptions, which the spiritual and suprasensual ceremony in
Christ revealed and brought to pass, for through baptism we are cireumcised
with a suprasensual circumeision, and receive in our mind the privilege of
being no longer sons of the flesh, for we are named sons of God. Ilear
what John the thunder and trumpet of the divine words says, « For those
who received him he gave them power to become sons of God, those who
believed on his name, who were born not of blood, nor of the will of man,
but of God »?. Joshua‘ also the son of Nun, who typilied Jesus who is God
and our Saviour, shows this clearly, that cireumcision is the baptism which 1s

‎1. Col. tt, 11-13. — 2, Sie Syr. — 3. John, t, 12, 13. — ^. Syr. ‘Jesus’,
PATR. OR. — T. XIV. — F. l.

‎"S
