(115 αμα.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [180]‏ 10
ܡܶܢ ܐܡܪ ܕܝܠܝܕ ‎μον‏ ܕܝܢ ܕܢܦܩ. ‎Ji]‏ ܕܠܐ ܠܩ̈ܝܢܘܡܐ ‎Sy} μόιο NS‏
ܚܬܝܬܐܝܬ ܕܐܚܪܢܐ ܗܘ ܒܪܐ ܒܩܢܘܡܗ܇. ‎Lin)‏ ܕܝܢ ܪܘܚܐ ‎oro‏ ܘܐܦܢ ܡܢܝܗ̇
ܟܕ ܡܢܗ̇ ܕܐܘܣܝܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ:. ܘܡܢܗ ܟܕ ܡܢܗ ܕܚܕ ܐܒܐ:. ܕܗܽܘ 3«
ܝܠܝܕ ‎vo, ο6ι‏ ܢܦܩ. ܕܡܢ ܗܕܐ܂ ܪܘܚܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ.. ܠܘ ܒܪܐ ܗܘ. ܠܐ ܓܝܪ ܝܠܝܕ ܐ
‎AT aies‏ ܕܝܢ ܐܢܫ ܢܐܡܪ: ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܒܪܐ ܝܠܝܕ: ܪܘܚܐ ܕܝܢ ܢܦܝܩ܂. ܣܟܘܠܬܢܐܝܬ
‎ol [5] Ver yel iso)‏ ܘܒܪܐ ‎ls‏ ܘܪܘܚܐ ܕܡܢ ܐܒܐ. ܗܕܐ ܕܝܢ ܘܐܦܠܐ

‏ܕܝܠܗ ܟܕ ‎eb‏ ܡ ‎oet τό‏ ܠܡܠܐܟܐ ‎ess‏ ܕܢܣܬܟܥܘܢ. ܘܐܬܐ

‎. à oh
‏ܡܢ‎ Lou ‏ܒܥܘܩܒܪܘܿ. ܐܠܐ‎ δον ‏ܐܘ ܘܣ ܚܢܢ‎ hel
‏ܘܡܫ̈ܥܒܕܝ‎ NAN y ‏ܕܝܠܢ..‎

‎«ο. aso μας ἃ «Νὰ‏ ܡܠܬܐ
ܢܦܘܩܬܢܝܬܐ ܡܦܩ݀ܝܢܢ ‎(sic)‏ ܘܡܫܬܪܝܐ
ܒܐܐܪ. ‎ee‏ ܒܕܡܘܬܐ ܥܡ ܗܺܝ ‎Luois‏
‏ܐܠܐ ‎Lea‏ ܡܶܢ ܕܝܠܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܡܶܝܢ ܡܿܦܩܝܢܢ.. ܒܗ ܟܕ ܒܗ .915 ܡܬܐ ܝܕܐ

‏ܕܡܫܬܚ̈ܠܦܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܢ.. ܟܕ ܠܫܘ̈ܚܠܦܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܝܢ ‎Le où Lsle‏ ܘܩܢܘܡܝܐ..
‎ἄ κο‏ ܡܢܥܟܒܢܟ.ْ ܡܠܬܐ — ‎hoo‏ ܠܐ ܡܬܚܬܒܠܢܐ ܘܠܐ ܡܫܬܔܓܢܝܢܐ
ܢܦܘܩܬܐ ܡܶܣܝܪܚ ܘܕܒܬܐ ܪ ‎Lilas‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ. ܘܡܢ ܥܥܡ ܐܝܟ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ܂

‏ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܪܝܫܗܿ܆ ܐܢܬ ܡܢ
ܐܘ ܪܚܡ ܐܠܗܐ ܐܘܦܪܟܣܝܥܩ܀

‎1. In Z this comes in the work of Peter against Damian, and, as G (2) has the same version, the
compiler must lave taken the extracts from the Syr. version of Peter's work, not directly from Sev.;
cf. p. 36, L 6-8. — 2. Ms. 62

‎but that we may not confusethe hypostases, and that! we may know definitely
that the Son is one in his hypostasis, and the lloly Spirit another, and that,
though they are both from the same essence?, and from the same one Father,
one is begotten aud the other proceeds : whence it follows that the Holy Spirit
is not the Son; for he is not begotten but proceeds. But, if anyone say,
« How is the Son begotten, and how does the Spirit proceed? », we discreetly
say that it 15 as the Father knows that he begot and the Son that he was
begotten, and the Spirit that he is from the Father; but this even the very
angels are not allowed Lo understand, aud we too will not confuse ourselves
by investigating 1t. But, inasmuch as we are variable, our mind, being
subject to variations aud. changes, emits a word that proceeds and is dis-
solved in ihe air?, and a breath in the same way that as soon as it proceeds
is diffused over the same air?. But God and the Father, the living and

‎1. The grammar is here confiised, — 2. οὐσία. — 3. ἀήρ.
