[221] LXV. — TO EUPRANIUS. 51

ܕܐܠܗܐ.. ܘܡܡܥܒܕܐ ܘܚܪܝܦܐ܂ ‎LR‏ ܡܢ ‎ram‏ ܕܬܪ̈ܝܢ ܦܘ̈ܡܝܗܿ. ܐܝܟ ܡܠܬܗ
ܕܝܢ ܕܦܘܠܘܣ. ܐܦ ܡܫܝܚܐ܂ ‎[nas‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ. ܠܐ ܐܢܫ ܕܝܢ ‎Jl οι‏ ܗܘܢܐ ܗܝ
‎so‏ ;-. ܕܠܐ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ‎(ooù‏ ܣܥܚ̈ܢܐܿ ܕܦܪܙܠܐ ܒܘܒܕܒܬܐ. ܡܙܕܝܙܫܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܓܝܪ..
ܘܠܐܝܠܫܝܢ ܕܘܬܚܡܚܝܢ ܠܘܩܒܠܗܘܢ ‎IS‏ ܗܘܘ. « ܬܘܒ ܘܒܕ̈ܐ ܙܐ ‎Lire)‏ ܠܗ
ܠܬܛܘܦܣܐ. ‎el‏ ܓܝܪ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܦܘܠܥܘܣ.. ‎«Ml‏ ܕܥܡܕܘ ‎[iussos‏ ܒܡܘܬܗ ܗܘ
ܥܡܒܕܘ. ‎Lio oio‏ ܝܘܩܢܐ ‎Janus‏ ܠܗ ܝܫܘܥ ܒܪܗ ܕܢܘܢ. ܣܟܝ̈ܢܐ ^ ‎o‏
‏ܕܓܕܙܪ ‎NENINE ΟΝ μα Li LAS‏ ܥܡܗ ܥܬܕ. ܕܒܗܕܐ ‎Jess‏ ܕܐܝܠܝܢ
ܕܥܬܡܕܝܢ ܒܫܡܗ ‎sons‏ ܐܠܗܐ ‎où ας jas‏ ܕܒܡܥܘܬܗ ‎Lukas‏ ܒܗ
‎ER‏ ܘܟܕ ‎μου‏ ܕܟܬܒܐ ܡܒ ܢܝܢܢ.ْ ܥܘܬܪܐ ܕܣܘ̈ܟܐܐܼ ܕܠܐ ܣܟܐ ܡܫܟܚܝܢܢ.
‎Jia Jlaxwao Jlaaso‏ ܕܛܘ̈ܦܣܐ ܕܠܘܬ ‎μα‏ ܘܡܫܒܚܝܢܢ' ܠܚܕ ܐܠܗܐ
ܝܗܘܒܐ ܕܬܪ̈ܝܗܝܢ ‎mM‏ ܘܗ݀ܝ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܬܘܒ ܚܢܢ ܟܕ ܡܫܬܘܝܢܢ ܠܣܚܝܬܐ
‎Jo Ε ον‏ ܕܡܢ ܕܪܝܫ: ܘܦܠ ܝܢܢ ܡܢܢ ‎Sais‏ ܥܬܝܩܐ: ܘܡܬܩܝܼܙܝܐܝܢ
ܡܢ ܡܫܝܚܐ ‎ο :Lajjjs Jioks Jaw‏ ...»| ܡ .ܬܐ ܟܝܐ ‎oot M9] Lunsa'so‏
ܬܘܒ ܝܫܘܥ ܒܪܗ 941« ܘܝܗ ܠܢ ‎bo DIS‏ ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܓܝܪ ܡܥܒܪܬܗܘܢ

1. Ms. om. ο:

Word of God is living, and effectual and sharp beyond ἃ two-edged knife »';
aud according to Paul's saying Christ also is a rock?. Let no one hold
the unreasonable supposition that they had no iron-knives in the wil-
derness; for they were armed, and slew those who opposed them. — Mark
again the same type in other mysteries also; for the blessed Paul said,
« Those who were baptized in Christ were baptized in his death »?, and
Joshua* the son of Nun presents the same figure, for he provided that the
knives with which he cireumcised the sons of Israel should be buried with
him, that thereby he might show that those who are baptized in the name
of Jesus the true God with the baptism that is completed in his death are
by it circumcised. And, when we examine the sense of Scripture, we find
an unlimited abundance of thoughts, and a primarv union and agreement of
the types with the truth, and praise the one God, the giver of the two
covenants?. And, as to the manner again in which we on being admitted
to the divine laver and regeneration and putting oll from us our old 1
are both invited by Christ to the invstie table and eat the angelie heavenly
bread, Joshua“ the son of Nun hhnself again showed us this mystery. For,

1. Heb., tv, 12. — 9, I Cor., x, 4. — 3. Rom., vi, 3. — 4. Syr. Jesus". — 5. διαθήκας.
