Y

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [208]‏ 38
ܗܟܝܠ ܒܪܘ ܟܕ ‎o5‏ ܒܬܪܥܝܬܐ ܠܩܫ̈ܡܬܗܘܢ 004.3( ܘܢܣܚܘܦ܆. ܘܕܠܓܡܪ ܝܡܐ
ܕܐܠܗ̈ܐ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ ܠܐ ‎aaa‏ ܕܢܬܕܟܪ ܠܒܪ ܡܢ ܚܕ ܡܪܝܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܬܘܒ ܕܝܢ ܠܐܚܪܢܐ ܠܒܪ
ܡܢܗ ܐܝܟ ‎Jar ἢ‏ ܡܕܡ« ‎Lis re‏ ܦܪܫ! ‎Jon‏ ܘܠܗܢܐ ܡܢܝܚ ܗܘܐ
ܒܚܕ ܗܕܐ. ܐܠܐ ܝܕܝܥܐ ‎y + SO‏ ܕܠܐܝܚܩܪܐ ‎Jai ra‏ ܒܠܚܚܘܕܘܗܝ.. ܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ‎Lis,‏
‏ܡܬܩܪܒܚܝܢ ‎«οσοι‏ ܘܪܐܙ| 2 ‎où Liuimoa)‏ ܐܝܢ ܐ ܕܩܕܡܢ ‎ων “SI‏ ܗܘܘ.
‎so Jie lo‏ 295« ܗܘܘ. ‎peo‏ ܡܬܢܟܼܣ ܗܘܐ ‎Lino eM‏ ܡܫܬܕܪ ܗܘܐ
‎Lys‏ ܕܦܘܪܫܢܐ ܕܦܨ̈ܐ. ܘܡܛܛ ܠ ܗܢܐ ‎Jio N so E54 N So‏ ܗܘܐ. ܐܠܘ ܓܝܪ —-
‎Lis‏ ܚܕ ܠܡܪܝܐ: ܘܨܦܪܝܐ ܚܕ ‎Me‏ ܟܒܪ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ‎boss GS‏ ܡܕܡ
ܠܩܛܐܓܪܢܘܬܗܘܢ ܡܢ ܟܬܒܐ ‎“Lo‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܐܡܿܪ ܗܘܐ ‎“La + n‏ ܘܚܕ
ܠܒܫܬܬܕܪܢܐ. ܝܕܝܥܐ ܓܝܪ ‎οὐ‏ ܡܶܝܢ ܠܢܟܣܬܐ ܡܬܦܕܪܫ ܗܘܐ . ‎vu où‏ ܫܬܕܪ
ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ‎Lie‏ ܘܠܘ ܠܐܚܪܝܢ ܠܒܪ ܡܢܗ. ܗܟܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܐܡܿܪ ܟܬܒܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ.
‎Je» ων ὡοιαδαλοῦο‏ ܡܪܝܐ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܢܫܕܪܝܘܗܝ ܒܡܫܬܕܪܢܘܬܐ. ܐܫ̈ܝܢ ‎e!‏
‏ܡܢ ‎fes‏ ܥܒܪ̈ܝܐ: ܗܢܝܘ ܕܝܢ ܘܕܩܕܝܡܝܢ ‎οι‏ ܫܐܢ ܕܡܝܢ ܥܒܪ̈ܝܐ: ܐܡܪܘ

‎1. Ms. Z9. — 9, Ms. 50. — 3. Lelter erased before. — 4. In erasure. — 5. ‏ܠ[ܬ]ܢ‎ in erasure.

‎thy God only »'.. How then should he in the same mind break in pieces and
overturn their pillars (and he did not allow the name of other gods to be
mentioned at all heside the one Lord God), and on the other hand separate
the goat to another beside him as to some cvil fiend, and propitiate this fiend
in this way? But it is plain that the two goats were offered in order to
honour one God only, and completed the symbolic allegory which we have
already mentioned, and two lots wore cast, and one was slaughtered to the
Lord, and the other was dismissed after the manner of the separation of the
lots, and therefore he was called ‘the dismissible'. If he had said, « One
goat to the Lord, aud one goat lo the dismissible », perhaps their charge
would have derived some plausibility from the divine Seripture, because it
said, « One lot to the Lord, and one to the dismissible » ; for it is plain that
the one was separated for the purpose of slaughter, aud the other was dis-
missed to the Lord, not to another different from him; for this is what the
divine Scripture said, « And he shall set the living one before the Lord, in
order to dismiss him in dismissal « 7. But some of the learned. Hlebrews,
that is rather those who are earlier Lhan those who are of the Hobrews, said

‎1. Ex., xxtir, 13, 21, 25, — 2. Lev., xvr, ln. 1 do not follow tlie argument in this passage.
