‎LXV. — TO EUPRAXIUS. 39‏ ]209[
‎Ju‏ ܚܕ ‎ro Lis‏ | ܚܕ ܠܗܽܘ ܕܡܫܬܕܪ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܒܟܠܗܝܢ ܢܬܚܙܐ ܘܐܦ ܡܢܗܿ
ܕܡܫܬܪܓܿܪܓܢܘܬܗܘܢ ܕܚܢ̈ܦܐ: ‎Άρα)‏ (ܕܚܢ ‎{ο‏ ܡܢ ܠܐ ܝܠܝܦܘܬܗܘܢ.. ‎Jay‏
‎Lass‏ ܐܝܬܝܙܘܿ ܩܬܛܐܓܪܢܘܬܗܘܢ ܕܥܠ ܢܡܘ̈ܣܘܗܝ ܩܕܝ̈ܫܐ ܕܡܘܬܐ. ܐܡܪܝܢ ܓܝܪ
ܡܛܠ ܐܠܗܗܘܢ ‎où‏ ܕܡܝܼܬܩܪܐ ܐܡܒܠܟܚܘܢ: ܗܽܢܘܢ ܕܡܝܢ ܒܬܪ ܕܚܠܬܐ ܕܟܪ̈ܣܛܝܢܐ
ܐܬܐܬܩܠܘ ܒܦܝܠܣܦܘܬ|*: ܘܠܕܚܠܬ ‎Jil‏ ܐܬܚܕܬܛܦܘ ܕܟܢܫܟܐܝܬ ‎esp‏ ܐܝܟ
ܕܗܼܢܘܢ ܐܡܿܪܝܢ܂ ܚܠܦ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ܀ ܠܐ ܠܡ ܙܕܩ ܕܢܕܒܘܚ ܠܐܠܠܗܵܐ. ܐܠܐ ܕܢܢܝܚ܂ ܘܢܝܩܝܪ
ܐܢܘܢ. ܒܕܟܚܝܘܬܐ ܕܒܬ ܪܠ ܢ ܬ|܀ ‎xo‏ ܕܝܢ ܕܒܪܘ̇ ܟܕ ‎ds‏ ܒܫܫܠܬܐ ܕܝܠܗܘܢ
ܡܥܪܙܠܼܝܢ ܐܡܼܪܘ. ܕܒܛܝܠܐܝܬ ܠܪ̈ܘܚܐ ܒܝ̈ܫܬܐ ܗܠܝܢ ܕ̈ܚܕܝܢ ܒܕܡܐ.. ܕܒܚ̈ܬܐ
ܠܡ ‎wy‏ ܠܡܩܪܒܘ. ܠܘ ‎ἄρον‏ ܐܠܐ܂ ܕܠܐ ܢܟܝ̈ܢ. ܐܢܗܼܘ ܗܟܝܠ ܕܡܘܫܐ ܚܕ ܡܢ
‎Lis,‏ ܠܫܐܕܐ ܡܕܡ ‎sis‏ ܗܘܐ ܘܡܥܕܪ.. ܙܪܩ ܗܘܐ ܕܢܦܩܘܕ ܐܝܟ ܫܢܝܘܬܗܘܢ ܕܗܿܢܘܢ
‎vn. aua,‏ ܠܗ ܗܢܐ.. ܘܕܢܚܕܐ ܒܕܡܗ ‎où‏ ܕܒܕܡܐ ܡܬܒܝܣܡ. ܗܫܐ ܕܝܢ ܟܠܡܕܡ܂
‎Jos ' LS oón sand:‏ ܡܪܝܡܐ ܡܬܦܝ̣ܪܫ܂ ܡܬܢܝܟܣ ܗܘܐ. ܗܽܘ ܕܝܢ ܐܚܪܢܐ
ܡܠܫܬܕܪܢܐ܂. ‎οἱ‏ ܕܐܝܟܢ ܕܕܐܒܝܝܢ ܠܡܐܡܪ: ܕܠܥܐܕܐ ‎Les‏ ܡܬܦܕܪܫ ‎Jon‏ + ܕܠܐ ܕܡܐ

‎1. Ms. om. — 2, Ms, ‏.ܒܦܝܠܝ̈ܣܦܘܬܐ‎ - 3, Ms. ay.

‎« One lot to the Lord, and one lot to him that was dismissed »', in order
that in all points and that even from the very 1magination of the heathen,
or, to speak fittingly, from their Jack of instruction, it might be seen
that their charge against the holy laws of Moses is without plausi-
bility. For those who after the Christian religion were lifted up in
philosophy, and endeavoured to adorn demon-worship in a reverend fashion?,
as they themselves say on behalf of others, say of their god who is called
"mb! kh y wn, « We should not sacrifice to the gods, but by purity ol mind
propitiate and honour them »' : but men who were fettered in the same chain
as they said that men should sedulously olfer sacrifices to the evil spirits
who delight in blood, not that they may help, but that they may not injure”.
lf then Moses separated and dismissed one of tlie goats to a demon, according
to the madness of those men he ought to have ordered this goat to he
slaughtered to the demon, and he who is pleased by blood ought to have
rejoiced in his blood. But now the exaet contrary is the case : the one who
was set apart to God Most High: was slaughtered, while the other, the dis-
missible, or, as they wish to say, the one who was separaled to an evil

‎I. I do not know (he source of this quolalion. — 2. Julian (1). — 3. Porphsry, De Abstin., τα, 37 1
De sacrificiis el diis atque daemonibus, ap. Iamblichum, ed. Ficinus (1577), p. 317.

‎157 v^ a.
