‎LXV. — TO EUPRAXIUS. 37‏ ]207[
ܦܓܪܐ ‎où‏ ܕܡܿܘܢܦܫ ‎[soa‏ ܡܠܝܠܬܐ: ܡܬ .ܐܝܒ ܗܘܐ ܠܡܥܘܬܐ: ܟܕ ܛܒ ܒܟܝܢܗ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܠܐ ܡܝܘܬܐ. ܗܟܢܐ ܘܗܽܘ ܚܕ ‎bis,‏ ܕܥܬܝܕ ܗܘܐ ܕܢܢܥܬܕܪ ܗܘܐ ܠܡܕܒܪܐ..
ܛܘܦܣܐ ‎mal‏ ܗܘܐ ܕܠܐ ‎Jlasas.‏ ܕܐܠܗܘܬܗ ‎No doe‏ ܚܪܩܐ ‎Jo‏ ܗܘܐ
ܕܢܟܣܬܐ. ܠܐ ܝܕܝܥܐ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܦܨܐ ܕܥܠܘܗܝ ܡܬܪܡܐ.. ܐܘ ‎cash‏
‎οἱ‏ ܕܢܫܬܕܪ. ܝܕܝܥܐ ܡܕܝܢ ‎AM «Sh‏ ܠܚܕ ܡܫܝܚܝܐ ܡܶܫܘܕܥܝܢ:. ܘܠܗ ܟܕ
‎où‏ ܕܚܫ ‎simo‏ ܘܒܗܝ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܐܠܗܐ܆. ‎Lao‏ ܕܡܡܥܠܝ ܡܢ ܚܫ̈ܝܐ. ‎Ίο‏ ܕܝܢ
ܬܘܒ ‎«δι‏ ܐܢܝܫ ܢܣܒܝܼܪ. ܟܙ ܠܦܢܝܘܬܐ ܕܚܢܥ̈ܦܐ ܡܬܕܡܿܒܐ܆. ܐܝܟ ܡܶܢ ‎Lis, oó‏
ܕܡܫܬܕܪ ‎DEAN‏ ܡܕܡ ܡܬܦܪܫ ܗܘܐ܆. ܘܡܫܬܕܪ ܠܡܕܒܪܐ. ܗܕܐ ܓܝܪ ܡܢ
ܢܡܘ̈ܣܘܗܝ ‎Lsaso)‏ ܢܦܝܩܐ ܗܝ .. ܒܝܕ ܗܺܝ ‎six‏ ܫܡܥ ܐܝܣܪܐܝܠ.. ܡܪܝ ܐ
‎Lis "yos‏ ܚܕ ܗܘ. ܘܬܘܒ ‎LM‏ ܐܠܗܟ ‎Sus).‏ ܘܠܗ ܒܠܚܘܕܘܗܝ ܬܦܠܘܚ܆.
ܘܠܘܬܗ ܬܬܩܝܪܒ܆. ܘܒܫܡܗ ‎Jo ° .-fsofl‏ ܬܐ ܙܠ ‎γω] JON ος‏ ܘܒܕܘܟܬܐ
ܬܘܒ ܐܚܪܬܐ܆. ܘܟܡܐ ܕܐܠܗ̈ܐ ܐܚܖ̈ܢܐ ‎ἢ‏ ܬܬܕܟܪܘܢ܆. ܘܠܐ ‎Ska‏ ܡܝܢ ܦܘܡܟܘܢ..
ܘܬܘܒ ‎J‏ ܬܣܓܘܕ ܠܐܠܗܝ̈ܗܘܢ܂ ܘܠܐ ܬܦܥܘܝܝܚ ‎ARCS‏ ܘܠܐ ܬܥܒܕ ܐܝܟ ܠܠ̈ܕܝܗܘܢ. ܐܠܐ
‎αι ο‏ ܐܢܘܢ ܘܬܘܒܕ ܩܝ̈ܡܬܗܘܢ܇. ܘܠܡܪܝܐ ܐܠܗܟ ܬܦܠܘܚ. ‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ

‎impassible and free, but by reason of the union with a body possessing a
rational soul was condemned to death, though in his nature he is immortal,
so also the one goat who was to be dismissed to the wilderness symbolized
the impassibility of the Godhead of the Only one, and was under the decrce
of slaughter; for the lot cast over him, whether he was to be slaughtered
or dismissed, was uncertain. Accordingly it is plain that the two goats
signify the one Christ, and that the same suffered in tho flesh, and, in that he
is God, remained raised above sufferings. Nor yet let anyone, imitating the
madness of the hcathen, imagine that the dismissed goat was set apart and
dismissed to the wilderness for some demon; for this is a departure from
the laws of Moses, inasmuch as he said, « Hear, Israel. The Lord thy God
is one Lord », and again, > Thou shalt fear the Lord thy God, and him only
shalt thou serve, and to him shalt thou draw near, and in his name shalt
thou swear », and, « Thou shalt not go after other gods »'; and again in
another place, « Aud ye shall not make mention of the name of other gods,
and it shall not be heard from your mouth »: and again, « Thou shalt not
worship their gods, nor serve them, nor do according to their deeds, but
shalt utterly overturn them and destroy their pillars, and shalt serve the Lord

‎1. Deut., vi, 4, 13, 14.

‎157 r? b.
