V 356 r*
(1131 v? a).

60 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [330]

ܕܝܠܕܐ. ‎PE‏ ܗܘ ܓܝܪ ‎JI [μὰ‏ ܡܬܡܠܠܢܐ ܘܦܒܝܚܐ ܒܟܠ. ܘܒܠ ]ܘܕ ܠܐܠܗܐ
ܡܬܐܝܕܥ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܡܝܢ ܡܦܩܬܗ ܕܙܪܥܐ ‎“hrs‏ ܫܘܪܝܐ ‎JAo Ham‏ ܗܕܐ ܪܒܬܐ
‎D SANT‏ ܗܢܘ ܕܝܢ ‎faa‏ ܘܗܕܐ ܥܡ ‎o Nl‏ ܗܿܝ ܕܒܦܓܪܗ ‎Εδω‏ ܘܐܝܟ
ܕܠܡܐܡܪ ܫܠܝ ܥܟ ܐܘ ‎pass Δ‏ ܚܘܠܛܢܐ ܠܐ ܢܡܘܣܝ ‎pe‏ ܐܢܬ ‎Lo‏
‏ܬܘܩܢܗ ‎ο‏ ܕܡܢܗ ‎elo‏ ܦܓܪܐ ܕܝܠܟ ‎mas‏ ܛܥܐ ܐܢܬ ܓܝܪ ܕܐܢܬ ܠܩܘܒܠܟ
ܡܫܐܬܢܐ ܐܢܬ . ‎Dites‏ ܓܝܪ ܕܟܢܝܘܬܐ ܘܕܪܘܝܘܬ 1 ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܣܘܥܪܢܐ ‎se‏ ܘܙܘܠܫܝܢ
ܡܢ ܡܢ ܗܠܝܢ. ܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܛܝܒ ܡܝܬܪܐܝܬ ܐܡܪܝܢ. ‎sh Lan)‏ ܐܢܐ
ܕܐ ܐܢܐ ܂. ܕܡܿܥܠܝ ܣܘܘܠܝܗܘܢ. ܗܿܢܝܘ ܕܝܢ ܩܪܝܒ ܠܬܪܥܝܬܐ ܫܠܝܚܝܬܐ.
‎ER Jod‏ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܠܦ ܘܠܝܘܣ ܐܚܡ ܕܠܡܐܡܪ.. ܕܠܥܠ ܡܢ
ܫܩ ܠܛܥ ܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܐܝܬ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ‎Dasas‏ ܢܚܘܝܗܝ ܠܚܛܗܐ ‎Masse‏
‏ܠܦܘܠܘܣ° ܐܝܟ ‎jon ES EY‏ ܡܝܢ ܘܠܥܠ ܡܢ ܗܕܐ ܐܡܿܪ܆. ܕܠܐ ܝܕܠܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ
ܫܘܒܧܐܐ ܢܚܘܝܗܝ ‎où Jod S.‏ ܕܙܢܝܘܬܐ. ܕܦܓܪ̈ܝܟܘܢ ܗܕ̈ܡܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܕܡܫܝܚܐ..
ܘܡܢ ‎3l:‏ ܡܢ ܠܥܠ: ܕܠܐ ܚܕܥܝܢ ܘܡܗܼܦܟ ‎Reponse‏ ܘܐܸܡܟܐܼ. ‎Nos‏
‏ܐܢܬܘܢ )9 ‎Ji‏ ܕܝܠܟܘܢ ܗܕ̈ܡܐ ܐܢܘܢ ܐܢܬ ܐܪܐ ܗܕܡܗ ‎Lindos‏ :ܘܥܒܢ ܐܢܬ ܠܗ
ܕܡܫܝܚܝܐ: ܘܐܝܬܐܝ ܒܬܪܟܢ ܡܟܚܕܢܐܝܬ: ܗܕܡܐ ܕܙܢܝܬ|.. ܘܒܚܕ ܗܕܐ ‎ua‏ ܕܗܘ
ܟܕ ܩܠ ܐܢܐ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܕܡܐ ܕܡܫܝܚܐ.. ܕܡܿܪܢܐ܂ ܒܗܕ̈ܡܘܗܝ ܕܡܫܝܚܐ ܡܣܟܠ.

1. Ms, ‏ܘܕܕܘܝܘܬܿܐ‎ . — 2, Ms. aoû.

the very mystery of the beginning of birth (for it is indeed an ineffable and
all-glorious mystery and is known to God alone, how from the emission of
a small seed this great and rational animal, that is to say man, takes a begin-
ning); and this, (hey say, is the meaning of the words ‘sins against his
body”: € and abstain, 1 pray you, so 10 speak, from doing despite to the
lormalion of nature, from which your body too also sprang, by unlawful
intercourse; for you forget that you are actiug madly against yourself, for
this act is in truth one of madness and drunkenness ».

This is what these say. But others say better, as 1 also judge their
interpretation to be the highest, that 18 the nearest to the apostle's meaning.
Paul desired, so Lo speak, to show that the sin of fornication is beyond
forgiveness; and above this he says, « Know ye not that vour bodies are
inenmbers of Christ? », and he turus reprovingly and says, « Shall I! then take

a member of Christ and make it a member of la harlot?? »? : and by this lie

1. A. v. (QG) SV tliou, -- 2, A. v. V) *fornieation. Far be il". — 3. I Cor., vt, 15.
