(2231 LXV. — TO EUPRANIUS. 53

ܠܗܝܢ ܠܡܠܐ ܕܟܬܒܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ ܢܝܡܼܥ.ܘܥܝܼܒܕܘ ܠܡ ‎mis‏ ܐܝܣܪܐܝܠ ܦܨܚܐ ܒܐܪ̈ܒܥܣܪܐ
ܡܢ ܪܡܫܐ.. ° ܡܢ ܡܥܪܖ̈ܒܕܚ ܐܝܪܝܚܘ. ܒܥܒܪܐ ܕܝܘܪܕܢܢ܂ ‎Joss‏ ܘܐܟܼܠܘ ܡܢ
‎Jb ISSN‏ ܘܒܬܐܪ ‎bee‏ ܐܟܠܘ ܡܢ ܠܐ ‎sa‏ ܕܦܨܚܐ. ܘܒܗ ܒܚܘܡܐ
ܗܽܘܢ. ܐܫܬܩܠ ‎sao‏ ܡܢ ‎ΝΘ‏ ܕܐܟܼܠܘ ܡܢ ‎ne‏ ܘܦܐܪ̈ܐ ܕܐܪܥܐ. ܘܠܐ ‎wok‏
‏ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ‎ui [uso‏ ܐܝܣܪܐܝܠ. ‎ωόιο‏ ܬܘܒ ܕܒܬܡܝܢܝܐ ܡܬܐܓܕܙܪ ܗܘܐ
‎Moe. où‏ ܢܗܝܪܐܝ ܬ ‎Jo. cd aus‏ ܛܘܦܣܐ ܐܝܬܝ :ܘܗ̇ ‎[x‏ ܕܠܐ
ܚܬܘܟܘܬܐ:. )6,5 ‎ΟΣ, be‏ ܠܘ ܗܠܝܢ ‎wh ιο τας‏ ܕܡܬܝܠܕܝܢ
‎JN» Jus‏ ܓܝܪ ܠܝܬ ܙܘܘܓܝܐ.. ܘܐܦܠܐ ‎cour‏ ܐܠܐ܂ ܐܝܟ
ܡܬܟ ܐ ܕܒܫܡܝܐܼ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ. ‎où‏ ܓܚܪ ܬܡܝܢܚܐ.. ܗܼܘ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܘܫܘܪܝܐ ‎oc‏ ܩܡ
ܡܪܢ. ܟܕ ܠܝܩܝܡܬܐ ‎er‏ ܗܘܼܐ ‎oí JA‏ ܓܝܪ ܕܒܬܡܚܢܝܐ ܡܬܓܝܼܙ:: ‎où‏
‏ܕܐܝܬܐܘܗܝ ܫ ܘܪܝ ܐ ܕܥܠܡ ܐ ܕܥܬܝܕ܂. ܡܬܥܠܐ ‎ο»‏ ܡܢ ܥܠܡܐ ܗܢܐ ܇ ‎où‏
‎chats‏ ܗܘܐ ‎où Jess‏ ܕܫܘܠܡܗ ܡܥܕܪ ܠܢ ܇. ܠܘܬ ‎où‏ ܝܘܡܐ ܕܫܘܪܝܐ
‎s Lusasolo‏ ܕܒܗܘܢ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ‎fie‏ ܠܐ ‎τᾶν,‏ ܘܠܗܘܺܝ ܕܦܪܘ ܘܣܓܘ ܠܐ ܝܕܥ.
ܙܘܠܚܝܢ ܐܝ̈ܬܝܗܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܡܐ ܕܡܣܕܒܪܝܢܢ:. ܗܠܝܢ ܕܒܚܕ ܓܙܘܪܬܐ ܐܬܝܗܼܒ° ܠܒ̈ܢܝܚ

1. Ms. ‏ܥܠܠܬܗ‎ . — 2, Ms, soul.

« And the sons of Israel celebrated the Passover on the fourteenth day from
the evening, to the west of Jericho, beyond Jordan in the plain. Aud they
ate of the produce of the land, and the next day they ate of the unleavened
loaves of the Passover. And that same day tlie manna was taken away.
after they had eaten of the wheat and the fruits of the land, and the sons
of Israel had no longer manna »'. The fact again that he who was born
was circumcised on the eighth day shows clearly that that. circumelsion 8
a tvpe of the life of impassibility in which we truly live, not the
life that is spent by those who are born.to destruction; « for in the resur-
rection there is no marriage, nor yet persons given in marriage, but thev
are as the angels in heaven »° : for the eighth day itself is the beginning
also on which our Lord rose, when he bécame firstfruits for our resurrection.
Ile who is eireumceised on the eighth: day, which is the beginning of the
future world?, is raised above this world, for the rest of which the seventh
day was appointed, the end of which brings us to that day which is the
beginning and the eighth, on which is the impassible life, and he does not
know the words, « Be lruitful and multiply »*. "These, we think, are the

1. Josh., v, 10-12. — 2. Matth., xxi, 30. — 3. Cf. ep. 79, 80, — 4. Gen, 1, 23.

159 r° b.
