[223] LXV. — TO EUPRANIUS. 55

ܐܝܬܝܟ ‎Rss‏ ܕܚܝܢܐ.. ‎LM]‏ ܒ ܐܘܪܚܐ܂. ܘܐܬܚܝܠܠܦ ܡܢ ܒܥ ܠܕܒܒܘܐܟ ܕܠܘܬ
ܒܥܠ ܕܒܒܟ܂ ܠܐܘܝܘܬܐ. ܟܕ ܡܬܚ ܫܒ ܐܢܬ ܠܠܐ ܝܕܝܥܘܬܗ ܕܡܦܩܢܐ. ‎Lois Jrad;‏
ܕܕܠܘܩܒܠܐ ܬܣܒܘܠ.܇. ܘܣܩܘܒܠܐܝܬ ܢܥܠܡܟ ܒܥܠܕܒܒܐ ܠܕܝܢܐ ܐܝܟ ‎d‏
‏ܘܚܕܐ ܙܒܝܢ ܬܗܼܘܐ ‎Raul‏ ܚܪܩܐ܆. ‎lae‏ ܢܫܥܡܟ ܠܘ ‎[sos‏ . ܘܗܟܢܐ ‎xl‏
‏ܥܕܡܐ ‎Lie) bases δη‏ ܫܡܘܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܬ ܥܝܕܐ ܠܡܶܡܫܡܗܘܼ ܠܡܢܝܐ ܕܢܚܫܐ.
‎où‏ ܕܐܝܬܐܘܗܝ ܒܨܝܪܐ. ܢܗܝܪܐܝܬ ܕܝܢ ܡܕܩܫܝܡ ܠܗْ ܠܬܪܥܝܬܐ ܗܕܐ܂ ܐܦ ܠܘܩܐ.
‎y Lao‏ ܕܣܬܒܪ ܐܢܐ ܠܘܬ ܝܕܥܬܐ ‎JR sos do‏ . ܕܠܗܝܢ ܠܡܡܠܘܗܝ ܢܣܕܝܡ.
ܠܡܢܐ ܕܝܢ ‎Hoo‏ ܦܫܟ ܠܐ ܕܢ ܐܢܬ ܟܐܢܘܬܐ. ܡܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܐܙܠ ܐܢܬ ܥܡ ܒܥܠܕܒܒܟ
ܒܐܘܪܚܐ ܠܘܬ ‎Jan)‏ ܗܼܒ ‎ο ο‏ ܕܕܠܡܐ ܢܓܝܼܕܟ ܠܘܬ ‎cer‏

‎«σα.» y Ho‏ ܘܬܒܘܥܐ ‎Je] NM yu‏ ܘܐܡܝܢ ܐܡܝܢ
‎eel‏ ܐܢܐ ‎c2‏ ܕܠܐ ܬܦܘܩ ܡܢ ܬܡܢ.. ܥܕܡܐ ܕܫܡܘܢܐ ‎NUL Lie]‏ ܓܝܪ

‎Us οὐδὸς‏ ܥܡܟ ܡܛܠ ܟܘܬܝܢܟ : ‎Aaa)‏ ܐܦ ܡܪܛܘܛܟ: ܘܒܚܝܠܐ ܣܓܝܐܐ
5[ ܠܚܬܛܘܦܘܬܗ ‎pa où‏ ܡܬ ‎«Js‏ ܕܚܟܡܬܐ ‎ο ο‏ ܘܕܠܥܠ ‎OR)‏

‎DM» ‏ܐܦܓܕ 5.5 ܕܠܐ ܙܐ‎ Άρα. ο ‏ܬܦܣܘܩ:‎ [abs ‏ܕܠܘܬ‎ οι ‏ܓܝܪ‎ -ὂι

‎1. Ms. ‏ܡܢ‎

‎court that is trying the case itself, and are prosecuting before the judge,
and are altogether wrapt up in the court, rouse yourself on the way, and
change from enmity towards your adversary to agreement, considering the
uncertainty of the issue, lest you have to submit to an adverse verdict, and the
adversary on the contrary part doliver you to the judge as one that 15 guilty,
and you fall some time under sentence, and the judge deliver you to the
officer, and so you be chastised until you pay the last mite » (itis the custom
to term the bronze coin that is the smallest a mite). Luke also clearly
confirms this sense. and for perfect understanding il seems to me sullicient
to cite his actual words : « But why dost thou not of thyself judge right-
eously? But, when thou art going with thine adversary on the way to the
judge, make it thy business to be quit of liim, lest he deliver thee to the
judge, aud the judge deliver thee to the exactor, and the exactor east thee
into prison. And verily, verily 1 say unto thee that thou shalt not come out
thence till thou pay the last mite »'. Το strip off your cloak also for the
man who has a suit with you about vour tunie and with great power over-
come the rapacity of him who is contending with you is an act of sublime
and exalted wisdom. Think only of getting rid of the running to the judge

‎1. Luke, χι, 57-59.
