155 r* b.

32 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [192]

ܕܢܥܠܬܚܠܦ.. ‎où‏ ܕܡܕܡ ܦܓܪܢܝܐ ܒܟܝܢܗ ܠܐ ‎sau‏ ܡܢ ܚܕܝܘܬܗ ܕܠܘܬ ܦܓܪܐ.
ܡܛܠ ܕܝܢ ܕܗ̇ܝ ܕܠܝܼܡܪ: ܐܦ ܥܠ ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܩܢܘܡܐܝܬ ܡܚܝܕܝܢ ܐܡܝܪܐ܂. ܣܗܿܕ ܠܢ
ܗܼܘ ܚܟܝܡܐ ° ܦܘܠܘܣ. ‎Pol‏ ܓܝܪ ܟܕ ܟܬܒ ܠܝܘܬ ܩܘܪ̈ܢܬܝܐ.. ‎Lol ter‏
ܒܝܬܢ ‎μοι‏ ܡܫܟܢܢ ܕܒܐܪܥܐ ܡܫܬܪܐ܂. ܐܝܬ ܠܢ ‎Luis‏ ܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ ܒܝܬܐ
‎Jh‏ ܥܒܝܕ ‎Lil‏ ܕܡܩܘܐ ܠܥܠܡ ܒܫܡܝܐ. ‎da]‏ ܓܝܪ ܕܡܝܬܐܡܝܙܝܢܢ
ܕܪܥܡܪܝܢܝܢ ܒܦܓܪܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܒܒܝܬܐ.. ܗܟܢܐ ܘܡܠܬܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܡܬܐܡܪ ܕܠ݀ܡܪ ܒܦܓܪܐ܆.
ܐܝܟ ‎κοῦ‏ ܕܡܚܝܕ ܩܢܘܡܐܝܬ ܠܦܓܪܐ ܕܐܝܬ ܠܗ ܢܦܫܐ ܡܠܝܠܬܐ ܘܝܕܘܥܬܢܝܬܐ:
ܟܠܗ ܕܝܢ ܡܘܠܝܐ ܕܐܠܝܗܘܬܐ ‎iae]‏ ܕܥܠܡܪ. ܗܺܝ ܕܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܠܘ ܚܕܐ ܡܥܒ ܕܢܝܘܬܐ.
ܘܐܦܠܐ ܛܝܒܘܬܐ ܡܢܬܝܬܐ ܕܝܠܗ ‎ωόι Jo‏ ܕܒܡܦܘܚܝܬܐ' ܕܢܒ̈ܫܐ. ܐܠܐ ܟܠܗ
ܩܢܘܡܐ ‎Je‏ ܘܐܦܢ ܡܥܠܝ ܡܝܢ ܟܠܗ ܡܣܝܟܘܬܐ܆:. ‎où‏ ܕܪ̈ܒܘ ܡܥܒܕ̈ܢܘܢ
ܡܬܬܟܢ ‎su‏ ܘܐܝܟ ܕܒܡ̈ܡܘܗܒܬܐ:. ܐܝܟ ܕܡܢ ܡܥܝܢܐ ‎Jla sn?‏ ܡܽ ܦܠ ܔ܀

ܘܬܘܒ ܫܘܐܠܐ ܕܐܪ̈ܒܥܐ܂. ܡܛܠ ‎aal) La‏ ܐܢܗܼܘ ܕܚܕ ܟܝܢܐ ܐܡܪܝܢܢ ܕܐܝܬܝܪܗ̇
‎να κο)‏ ܚܕ ܕܝܢ ܬܘܒ ܟܝܢܐ ܕܡܠܬܬܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܡܟܤܣܪ ܡܿܝܘܕܝܢܢ:. ܠܝܘ ܐܦ
ܠܐܒܐ ܘܠܪܘܚܐ ܩܕܝܢܐ ܕܐܬܐܒܣܪ ܥܡ ܒܪܐ ܐܡܿܪܝܢܝܢ܀ ܡܦܩ ܒܪܘܚܐ܀

1. Ms. ‏ܐ ܕܒܡܬܚܬܐ‎ — 2, Ms, cols.

nol touch anything bodily. As to the fact that the word ‘dwell’ is also
used of those who are hypostatieally united, we have the testimony of
the wise Paul himself; for in writing to the Corinthians he said, « We know
that, even if this our house, our tent on earth, is dissolved, we have a
building from God, ἃ house vot made with hands, that abideth for ever
in heaven »'. As we are said to dwell in 0 body as in a house, so too
God the Word is said to dwell in a body, as being hypostatically united to
a boly that has a rational and intelligent soul. But he said that all the
fulness of the Godhead dwells, that is, not one operation, nor yet a partial
grace of the Word himself, as took place in the iuspiration of the prophets,
but the whole hypostasis of tlie Ouly one, although he is raised above all
limitation, he who imparts tens of thousands of operations to others, and
distributes graces by way of gifts as from a fountain.

And again the lourth question, as to how it is that, il we say that tlie
Trinity is one nature, aud also confess one incarnate nature of God the Word,
we do not also $ay that the Father and the Holv Spirit became incarnate
with the Son. The defence.

1. 11] Cor.., v, 1.

