‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [212‏ 43
ܕܡܛܠ ‎Las‏ ܘܐܦܢ ܟܠ ‎JL‏ ܕܡܥܬܐ ‎ο»‏ ܡܢ ‎oia xa).‏ ܕܣܘܥܪܢܐ.
ܡܚܝܕ ܗܘܐ ܓܝܪ ܠܦܓܪܐ ܩܢܘܡܐܝܬ܆. ‎Laos‏ ܐܝܬ ܠܗ ܡܠܝܠܬܐ ܘܝܕܘܥܬܢܝܬܐ.
ܡܪܥܠ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܕܝܢ ‎aus Ris,‏ ܡܝܢ ܡܚܝܘܬܐ ܗ̈ܢܝܢ ܕܟܐܒ̈ܐ:. ܐܡܪܢܐ ܕܝܢ
ܒܙܩܚܦܐ. ‎]pe‏ ܗܘܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܐܦ ܠܗܠܝܢ ‎Jonas‏ ܐܝܡ ‎JT JON‏ ܠܘ ܡܛܠܗܕܐ
‎Jos ak‏ ܠܘ ܓܝܪ ܠܗܢ. ܐܠܐ ܠܓܢܣܐ ‎Jÿol "Sr‏ ܕܙܟܘܬܐ ܡܬ ܓܪ
‎Sail home joo‏ ܠܗ ܠܦܓܪܗ ‎aus)‏ ܘܐܦܠܐ ‎où‏ ܡܢܟܪܝ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ
ܠܚܫܐ. ܡܚܝܕ ܗܘܐ ܓܝܪ ܠܦܓܪܐ ‎SL‏ ܘܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܦܓܪܐ ܕܝܠܗ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ.. ܗܟܢܐ
ܘܚܫܐ ܕܝܠܗ ܡܬܐܡܪ. ܒܪܡ ܕܝܢ ܐܝܟ ܐܠܗܐ ‎2alo‏ ܕܠܐ ܚܫܐ. ܐܠܗܐ ܓܝܪ ܠܐ
ܡܬܬ ܚܕ ܡܢ ‎Las‏ ܡܬܐܡܪ ܕܝܢ ‎jan‏ ܡܘܬܐ ܚܠܦܝܢ.ْ ܒܝܕ ‎Mass δι‏
ܢܦܢܗ ܡܝܢ ܦܓܪܗ. ܥܘ ܟܕ ‎oi) Καθ]‏ ܡܢ ‎o] .ο οσον»‏ ܟܝܬ ܦܓܪܗ ܕܠܐ

‏ܐܠܗܘܬܐ ‎Jon‏ ܐܠܐ ܒܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢܼ ܕܠܐ ‎Lisias‏ ܚܘܝ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎Jon‏ ܘܠܐ ܓܝܪ ܢܦܫܗ
ܐܫܬܒܕܩܬ ܒܫܚܝܘܠ.. ܐܦܠܐ ܒܣܪܗ ܚܚܼܙܐ ܡܬܚ ܬ ܒܠܢܘܬܐ܆. ܐܚܡ ܒܪܬ ܩܠܗ ‎οὖν‏
‏ܕܡܿܙܡܪ. ܠܐ ܓܝܪ ܦܪܝܫ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ܦܓܪܗ ‎où‏ ܕܡܬܩܝܼ̣ܒܪ ܗܘܐ. ܘܡܬܛܠ ܗܕܐ
ܡܿܡܒܛܠ ܗܘܐ ‎JS‏ ܐܠܘ ܓܝܪ ‎ais‏ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ‎où‏ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎Jo Lie‏

‎concerning Christ also, even although all the power of speech shrinks from
ihe glory of the fact. lle was hypostatically united to a body with a
rational and intelligent soul, but lic permitted it to suffer naturally from the
blows of pains, I mean on the cross, when he might have deadened these
also as God, but he was not desirous of this, for it was not for himself, but
for our race, that he was purchasing the successes of victory. Therefore
he permitted his body to suffer, while even he himself also was not alien
from suffering, for he was united to a suffering body, and, as it is his body,
so also it 1s called his suffering; nevertheless as God he remained without
sullering, for God is not touched by suffering. [1615 said also to have tasted
death for us, iu that liis soul was separated from his body; not that his soul
was eut away from his Godhead, or his body left without Godhead ; but he
showed that he was iu both without separation, for neither was his soul
left in Sheol, nor did his flesh see corruption", according 10 the saying of
the Psalmist, For he was nol separated from his body that was buried,
and therefore he annihilated corruption; for, if it had been separated from
him who is life and incorruption, perhaps it would have been constantly

‎1. Ps, xv, 10,
