155 v° a.

V 292 v?

(1 16717.)

2^ LETTERS OF SEVERUS.

[194]

ܐܝܬܬܝܗܝܢ. ܐܢ ‎ς‏ ܐܒܐ ܐܒܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ: ܘܠܐ ܡܬܘܡ ‎Las‏ ܠܘܬ ‎le :Jes‏ ܪܘܚܐ
ܩܕܝܫܐ ܡܩܝܿܘܐ ܩܒܝܥܐܝܬ ܘܕܠܐ ܫܘܢܝܐ ܒܩܢܘܡܐ ܕܝܠܗ: ܘܠܐ ܡܫܢܐ ܠܘܬ ܩܢܘܡܐ
ܕܒܪܐ: ° ܟܬܒܝ̈ܐ ‎ς‏ ܐܠܗ̈ܝܐ ܠܒܪܐ ܐܡܪܘ ܕܐܬܒܣܪ ܘܐܬܒܝܪܢܫ܂. ܘܡܛܠ ܫܘܝܘܐ
‎Lomo]‏ ܡܕܬ ܐܡܪ ܐܒܐ ܘܪܘܚܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ ܕܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܒܗ. ܘܠܘ ܡܛܠ ܕܩܢܘܡܐ
ܕܐܒܐ ܘܕܪܘܚܐ ‎ape‏ ܢܪܐ ܘܢܒܠܠܒܠ ܒܒܪܐ. ܐܢ ܕܝܢ ܨܠܡܐ ܕܐܒܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
ܒܪܐ ܗܼܘ ܫܡܐ ܕܨܠܡܐ ܡܿܚܘܐ ܕܕܩܢܘܡܐ ‎biu]‏ ܕܠܒܪ ܡܢܗ ܡܬܪܢܐ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ

ܨܠܡܐ. ܸܢ ܓܝܪ ܨܠܡܐ ܗܘ ‎aa],‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
ܨܠܡܐ: ܘܠܘ ܡܛܠ ܕܒܟܠܡܕܡ ܨܠܡܐ
ܠܐ ‎où ooi. aote Na | IS sso‏ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ
ܠܗ ܨܠܡܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ. ܐܠܘ ܓܝܪ ܗܼܘ
‎Look]‏ ܗܘܐ . ܚܣܝܪܐ ‎loo‏ ܠܗ ܘܺܝ
‎Joon,‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎ES,‏ ܠܠܡܢܘ ‎EN‏
‏ܗܘܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܨܠܡܐ. ܐܟܙܢܐ ܓܝܪ
‎ass‏ ܡܢ ܕܦܐ ܡܕܡ ܪܝܫ ܬܦܢܟܐ: ܒܕܦܐ
ܐܚܪܢܐ ‎sa‏ ܪܘܫܡܐ ܘܕܡܝܼܘܬܐ: ܘܦܐܝܐܝܬ
‎ps‏ 50 ܒܟܥܡܕܡ܂ : ܘܢܕܡܝܘܗܝ ܠܕܠܡܐ
ܠܘܬ ‎οὐ oà‏ ܬܦܢܟܐ: ܟܕ ܠܓܡܪ ܡܕܡ
‎Ji‏ ܡܒܨܪ ܡܢ ‎Rasopoy Là Jlasos‏

‎Lex, '‏ ܓܝܪ ܕܡܕܡ ‎Res, acto Nl‏
ܘܟܠܘ ܡܛܠ ܕܒܟܠܡ ܕܡ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ
‎ἢ} Lex,‏ ܡܫܚܠܦܐ ܗܐ ܡܢ ܟܕܘ ܗܘܝܘ
‎où‏ ܕܕܝܠܗ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎JM‏ ܐܠܘ ܓܝܪ
‎où‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ . ‎[ass‏ ܗܘܬ ܕܠܐ ܙ ܗܘܐ
‎Las, SOON, |‏ ܕܡܢ ܘ ܓܝܪ ܟܐܡܬ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܨܠܡܐ. ܐܟܙܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܐܢ ܐܢܫ
ܡܢ ܕܠܡܐ ܡܕܡ ܪܝܫ ܬܦܢܟܐ: ܕܡܝܘܬܐ
ܘܝܘܩܢܐ ܒܨܠܡܐ ‎il‏ ܢܕܘܪ ‎sene‏

‎into the Son, aud the lloly Spirit also remains fixedly and without trans-

‎formation in his own hypostasis, and does not pass into the hypostasis of

‎the Son : but the divine Scriptures have said that the Son became incarnate

‎and became man, and it is on account of the co-essentiality that the Father

‎and the Joly Spirit are said to be in him, not in. order that we may

‎dissolve and confound the hypostasis of the Father and of the Iloly Spirit in

‎the Son.

‎But, if the Son is the inage of the Father, the very name 'jmage'

‎shows that it is understood to be the image of another hypostasis separate

‎(rom itself : for, if il is an image, it is an image of some one, and, because

‎it is an unvarying image in all points, it is not therefore the person himself

‎of whom it is an image; for, il it were the person himself, it would fail to

‎be an image, for of wliom would it be an image?

‎Suppose a man delineates

‎and copies a design and pattern [rom an original tablet on to another, aud

‎draws it correctly in all points, and makes the copy like the original, in no
