‎LXV. — TO EUPRANIUS. 03‏ ]233[
ܕܡܠܫܝܚܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ܆. ܠܘ ܙܢܚܘܬܐ ܒܠܚܘܕ: ܕܡܫܝܚܐ ܢܬܬܣܝܡ. ܠܘ ܒܥܚ ܘܝ
ܐܐܐ ܘܪܘܦܥܐ ܡܡܬܪܫܝܐ: ܐܝܟ ܡܢ ‎Kai;‏ ܡܛܠ ܙܢܝܘܬܐ ‎Jil οι so‏ ܘܒܪܘܫܥܐ
ܗܕܡܐ ܕܡܥ ܢܝܐ ‎[o‏ ܠܗ ܗܕܡܐ ܡܬ ‎Ke‏ ܐܝܟ ‎où‏ ܕܠܗܕܡ̈ܡܘܗܝ
ܕܙܢܝܘܬܐ܀ ܕܡܫܝܚܐ ‎ps‏ ܡܛܠܗܢܐ ܟܕ ‎hes‏
‏ܬܪܥܝܬܐ ‎ο ο. no) aas Mack‏ ܒܦܓܪܐ ܕܝܠܗ ‎JAM‏ ܡܚܕܐ
ܟܕ ‎Je» pes λογο‏ ܠܐ ܣܡ ‎polo Mal‏ ܐܐ ܝܕܠܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܦܓܪܟܝܘܢ ܗܝܟܠܐ
ܕܪܘܚܐ ܕܒܟܘܢ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ: ‎où‏ ܕܐܝܬ ܠܟܘܢ ܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ.. ‎Jo‏ ܐܝܬܝܟܝܘܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ
ܠܟܘܢ. ܐܙܕܒܝܼܢܬܘܢ ‎FX‏ ܒܕܡ̈ܝܐ. ܫܒܚܘ ܗܟܝܠ ܠܐܠܗܐ ܒܦܓܪܟܝܘܢ. ܝܕܝܥܐ ܗܝ
ܡܕܝܢ܂ ‎Duo; Look]; où sao) Lis Ron pass‏ ܕܡܫܝܚܐ:. ܘܗܝܟܠܗ
ܗܽܘܝܢܝܢ ܕܐܠܗܐ. ܘܐܝܟ ܡܐ ܕܐܡܝܪ ܒܠܒܘ̈ܬܢ ܥܡܪ ܡܫܝܚܐ.. ܘܠܐ ܐܢܫ ܕܝܢ ܢܐܡܪ.
ܕܗܽܘ ܕܐܒܠ ‎hes‏ ܘܗܽܘ ܕܚܛܛܦ܆. ‎où‏ ܡܝܢ ‎od Luis‏ ܕܝܝܢ ܐܝܕܐ ܒܠܚܘܕ ‎ANS‏
‏ܠܘ ܓܝܪ ‎vo‏ ܟܕ ‎GA) «οι‏ ܛܢܦܘܬܐ܂. ܐܦܠܐ ‎2o‏ ܟܕ ‎2e‏ ܟܘܬܡܐ ܘܣܝܢܐ. ܘܐܦܢ
ܕܝܢ 90 ܟܕ ‎act‏ ܢܬܠ .. ‎J|‏ ܠܘ ‎μα‏ ܒܟܠܗ ܦܓܪܐ ‎«οι‏ ܛܢܦܘܬܐ ‎Jesse‏
‏ܘܟܠܗ ܗܝܟܠܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܐܝܟ ܕܠܡܐܡܪ ‎où ago‏ ܓܝܪ ܕܡܙܢܐ ܥܡ ܗܿܝ ܕܡܙܢܝܐ..

‎1. Ms. 0

‎only; but, when he has through adoption been inserted in Christ's body, he
is not only elarged on account of lornication, but is also accused of
impiety, as doing despite to the members of Christ'. Therefore it is with
this meaning that Paul says, « He who commits fornication sins against
his own body ». Immediately without any intervening words lie went on
to say, « Know ye not that your body is the temple of the Spirit that is in
you, which ye have from God? And ye are not your own, for ye were bought
with a price. £ God therelore in your body »?. — Accordingly it is plain
that through the adoption of the Spirit, which is the Spirit of Christ, we
both become a temple of God, and, as it is said, « Christ dwelleth in our
hearts »*; and let no one say that he who slanders and he who robs pollutes
the one the tongue, the other the hand only; for the pollution is not the same,
nor are the stain and the mire the same; and, even if we allow it to be the
same, vet the pollution does not affect the whole body equally, nor is the
whole temple of God so to speak defiled. For he who commits lornication
with a woman who commits fornication intertwines his whole body.

‎1. A. v. (V) ‘taking a member of Christ and making it a member of fornication'. — 2. I Cor., vi,
19, 30, — 3. Eph., ΠΠ, 17.
