G(4)I4r*a.

(Οδ).

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [184]‏ 14
ܩܢܘ̈ܡܐ. ܒܝܟܠܗܝܢ ° ܐܝܬܝܗܿ ܠܐ ܬܫܒܘܚܬܐ. ܘܚܕܐ ܡܬܘܡܚܘܬܐ. ܘܚܝܕܐ
ܡܫܦܬܚܠܦܢܝܬ ܐ| ܬܠܝܬܝܘܬܐ. ܚܕܐ ܓܝܪ ° ܡܠܟܘܬܐ. ‎JL. μ.ο‏ ܘܚܕ ‎Les,‏ ܘܚܕܐ
‎ke)‏ ܐܘܣܝܝܐ ‎«μα πα) «όν‏ ܡܥܒܕܢܘܬܐ. ܕܒܝܐܝܕܝܗܿܐ ܚܕ ܐܠܗܐ
ܡܬܘܡܝܘܬܐ. ܡܠܟܘܬܐ ‎Jus, Je‏ ܡܫܟܚܝܝܢܝܢ. ‎on Nel‏ ܗܝ ܬܠܝܬܝܘܬܐ.
ܡܥܒܕܢܘܬܐ. ܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ‎EL‏ ܐܠܗܐ ܘܐܦܢ ܓܝܪ ܟܠܚܕ ܡܢܗ ܘܥܠ ܘܗܝ
ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܬܠܬܐ ܩܢܘ̈ܡܐ ܡܫܒܚܝܢܝܢ܀ ܡܬܚܝܼܙܐ܂. ܐܠܐ܂ ܚܕܐ ܐܠܗܘܬܐ ‎A‏
‎ds‏ ܟܕ ‎às‏ ܒܐܘܣܫܐ..... ܒܪܐ ܡܶܢ܂ ‎δι‏ ܕܝܠܝܕ. ܘܪܘܚܐ ܕܝܢ ‎Lt‏ ܕܢܦܩ. ܘܗܠܝܢ ܡܶܝܢ܂
ܐܝܟ ‎xx)‏ ܥܩܪܐ ܡܕܡ ܡܢ ܐܒܐ ܘܡܬܘܡܐܝܬ ‎sy Jo‏ ܠܚܕܐ ‎Jus‏
‏ܡܣܩܝܢܢ ܠܐܠܗܘܬܗܘܢ ܠܘܬ ܐܒܐ :. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܡܬܢܛܪܐ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܪܝܫܢܘܬܐ ܠܚܘܕܝܬܐ.
ܠܐ ܓܝܪ ܡܫ̈ܬܒܚܝܢ ܡܢܢ ܪ̈ܝܫܢܘܬܐ ‎JI o‏ ܐܠܐ ܘܠܡܣܟܢܘܬܐ ܝܗܘܕܝܬܐ ܗܺܝ
‎vue μὲν Ris:‏ ܘܒܚܕ ܦܪܨܘܦܐ ܠܐܠܗܘܬܐ܂ ܠܐ ܡܣ ܟܝܢܢ. ܘܝܕܠܝܢܢ
‎KI Ra 00‏ + ܠܬܠܬܐ ܩܢܘ̈ܡܝܢ ܒܚܕܐ ܐܘܣܫܐ.. ܘܒܚܝܕܐ ܫܘܝܘܬ ‎Jon)‏
‎Πα Ja, αλλο‏ ܠܐ ܡܿܦܠܓܝܢܢ. ܘܡܢ ‎Jon Job Ro‏ ܕܚ̈ܢܦܐ܂ ܥܪܩܝܢܝܢ.
(ܕܩܘܪܝܠܝܘܣ.. ܡܢ ܪܝܫܐ ܕܬܪ̈ܥܣܪ ܕܣܝܡܬܐ. ܐܟܙܢܐ ܕܫܡܢܐ ‎aus Los‏

‎1. Ms. ‏ܕܒܐܝܕܝܗ‎ — 2, Some words seem to have fallen out.

‎the hypostases remain uneonfused, the Trinity is invariable in all points :
for its essence' is one, its glory one, its everlastingness one, its kingship
one, its power one, its will one, its operation one, and through it we hold
that the Trinity is one God. And, though each appears by himself, yet
there 15 one Godhead, in the same essence*...... the Son the fact that he
is begotten, and the Spirit the fact that he proceeds. And these are from
the Father as from a root and we refer their Godliead cternally and timelessly
to one first cause, to the Father, and so the principle of a single first cause
is preserved. For we do not hold several first eauses, but we reject the
Jewish poverty also wliich sees little, and do not confine the Godhead in one
person, and at the same time we know and think of three hvpostases in
one essence'. and one identity of honour, and do not divide it into a trinity
of lirst causes, and shun the polvtheism of the pagans.

‎(Of Cyril, from the 12" chapter of the Treasure. « As the sun is in the
ray that proceeds from it, aud the ray in the sun from which it proceeded,

‎1. οὐσία. — 2. οὐσία. llere some words seem to have fallen out.
