156 r° b.

Y

30 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [200]

ܬܘܒ ܫܘܐܠܐ ‎sans‏ ܡܛܠ ‎ul‏ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܠܘܛܬܐ ܐܬܟܢܝ ‎où‏ ܝܚܝܕܝܐ. ‎où‏
‏ܕܐܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܒܘܪܟܬܐ ‎+R Use‏ ܡܦܩ ܒܪܘܚܐ܀

ܢܩܦܐܝܬ ܡܟܝܠ܆. ‎Jake packs fase Pas où Lao‏ + ܕܐܝܟܢܐ
ܠܘܛܬܐ ܐܬ݀ܟܢܝ ‎Look}; “Lun où‏ ܒܘܪܟܬܐ ܡܚܝܢܝܬܐ. ܐܢ ܓܝܪ ‎"YE‏
‎«o‏ ܐܣܘܪ̈ܐ ܕܪ̈ܫܝܢܐ ܩܕܡܝܐ ܢܚܪܪ ‎κ ον‏ ܘܙܪܥܗ ܕܐܒܝܪܗܡ ܢܣܝܼܒ: ܘܒܣܪܐ
ܒܪ ܟܝܢܢ: ‎fasio‏ ܐܢܫܝܬܐ ‎me‏ ܠܙܘ ܩܢܘܡܐ ܝܬ . ܡܛܠܗܢܐ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܚܘ̈ܒܬܐ
‎κας‏ ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܡܿܫܥܒܕܝܢ ܗܘܼܝܢ (ܠܗܝܢ)' ܕܝܠܗ ܥܒܕ ‎ος‏ ܚܢܢ ܓܝܪ
‎LR)‏ ܠܝ̈ܛܐ. ܘܚܢܢ ‎Maul Don‏ ܡܣܡ ܒܪܝܫܐ ‎Ja‏ ܘܢܝܡܥܢ ܕܥܦܪܐ
ܐܢܬ ܘܠܠܦܪܐ ܬܗܦܘܟ. ܘܗܝ ‎Has‏ ܐܪܥܐ ܒ݀ܥܒܕܐ ‎c»‏ ܘܒܕܘܥܝܬܐ ܕܐܦܝ̈ܟ
ܬܐܟܘܠ ܠܚܡܟ. ܪܝܝܬ ‎J‏ ܕܝܢ ܕܟܝܢܐ ° ܕܝܠܝܢ ܗܘܼܐ. ܒܗ̇ܝ ܓܝܪ ܕܙܪܥܐ ‎posts‏
‎“βου‏ ܗܠܚܝܢ ܡܬܐܐܡܪ ܕܗܼܘܐ.. ܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܟܝܢܐ ܕܝܠܝܢ ܡܢܫܥܒܕ ܗܘܐ
ܠܝܗܝܢ. ܘܐܦܠܐܼ ܕܝܢ ܒܪܡܙܐ ‎Lis‏ ܠܗܝܢ ܠܗܠܝܢ ܗܘܼܐ ܡܫܥܒܝܕܐ. ܐܠܐ ܘܟܕ
ܣܪܝܩܐܝܬ ܐܬܩܪ̈ܒܝܢ ‎xou] Se où‏ ܐܝܟ ܙܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܫܡܫܐ ܐܡܬܝ ‎exu‏
‏ܒܒܝܬܐ ܥܡܘܛܐ ܘܚܝܿܫܝܟܐ: ܡܚܕܐ ܕܡ ܫܡܪ ܙܠܫܩܗ ‎Jia‏ ܠܗ ‎lan‏ ܟܕ ‎SA‏

1. Ms. om.

Next the fifth. question, as to how the Only one, who is a quickening
blessing, was termed a curse'. The defence.

We will now go on to give you an answer witl regard to the fifth question
also, how the Only one, who is a quickening blessing, was termed a curse.
If he became man to free our race from the bonds of former crimes, and
took upon him the secd of Abraham, and flesh of our nature, and united a
human soul to himself hypostatically, therefore he made all the debts of our
race to which we were liable his owu : for we are accursed, and we came
under the penalty of the curse, and heard tho words, « Dust thon art and
to dust shalt thou return », and, « Cursed is the earth in the work of thine
hands », and, « In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread »*; and he
became the firstfruits of our nature. l'or in that he took upon him the seed
of Abraham he is consequently said to have become? those thiugs to which
our nature was subject. Nor yet was he subject to these things for a moment
of time, but rather after they had been vainly applied to him he destroyed
them. Just as the sun when it shines in a gloomy and dark house, as soon
as it puts forth its ray, dispels the darkness, since it itself is not allected

1. Gal., 111,13. — 2. Gen., 111, 17, 19. — 3. We rattier require * been. subject to’: but an emendation
eannol be made wilhout violent atteration. But cef. p. 202, f. 10.

