D

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [310]‏ 40
‎Les Jo‏ ܠܡܕܒܪܐ ܡܫܬܕ ܪ ܗܘܐ. ܒܙ ܟܠܗܝܢ ܗܟܝܠ ܐܬܟܣܣ ܚܘܟܡ ܫܢܚܘܬܐ
ܕܚܢ̈ܦܐ:. ܕܕܒܘ ܕܪܫܝܢܐ ܕܕܚܠ̈ܬܗܘܢ ‎μὰς οὐ.‏ ܒܥܐܕܵܐ܇. ‎Kasa‏ ܥܠ 55[ ‎Lo‏
‏ܗܢܘܢ ܕܠܐ ‎aux)‏ ܕܕܒܚ̈ܐ ܕܥܝܕܐ ܕܦܬܟܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ܡܫܬܕܪܢܐ ܢܝܼܩܪܘܢ.. ܐܚܟܢܐ ‎mas)‏
‎[sas Joan‏ ܕܦܝܚܣܐ ܢܥܬܕܘܙܪܗ̇ ܠܛܥܝܘܬܗܘܢ. ܗܠܝܢ 39 ܡܪܗܛܐܝܬ ܐܡܝܪ̈ܢ
‎À‏ ܟܕ ‎Joss xi‏ ܕܐܝܒܟܢܐ ܚܠܦܝܢ ܚܛܝܬܐ ܗܘܼܐ ܝܫܘܥ܇. ܕܚܢܢ ܢܗܘܐ ܒܗ
‎Hans)‏ ܕܐܠܗܐ. ܡܘܬܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܚܠܦܝܢ ܣܚܝܿܒܪ. ‎où‏ ܕܚܠܕܦ ܚ̈ܛܗܐ ܕܟܠܢ ܗܘܼܐ
‎Jl» où Jesse‏ ܝܕܪܥ ‎y JR‏ ܡܠܬܗ ܓܝܪ ܕܢܒܫܐ.. ܚܠܦ ‎Jo-A—‏
‏ܕܥܡܝ ܐܬ ܐ ‎Jai‏ ܘܡܛܠܬܢ 9/9« ‎e‏ ܘܐܬܡܿܚܝ. ܘܐܬܟܪܗܼ ܡܛܠ ‎das‏
‎oa‏ ܐܦ ܦܝܘܠ ܘܣ ‎Lis‏ ܬܠܚ ܗܘܐ ܂ ‎lo‏ ܕܚܕܐ ‎«I‏ ܐܬܩܬܪܒ ‎usse‏
‏ܕܠܚ̈ܛܗܐ ܕܣ̈ܓܝܐܐ ‎ses‏ ܘܠܒ ܘܛܝܠܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܚܠܛܝܬܐ: ‎Meus‏ ܚܝܕܐ ܙܒܢ ܒܝܕ
ܕܒܚܬܗ ܐܡܪ ‎DA)‏ ܘܚܕ ܩܘܪܒܢܐ ܕܠܥܠܡ ܩܪܒ ܚܠܦ ‎xot‏ ܘܦܛܪܘܣ
‎où‏ ܝܕܝܥܐ ‎Less‏ ܐܸܡܼܪ.. ‎oon‏ ܗܢܐ ܐܣܝܩ ܚܡܛܗܝܢ ܒܦܓܪܗ ܥܠ ‎LS,‏ ܕܟܕ

‏ܡܢ ‎Jed.‏ ܡܶܓܗܝܢܝܢ.. ܚܝܢܢ ܒܙܕܝܩܘܬܐ ‎Loeb‏
‏ܘܬܘܒ ‎Νὰ, JlJas‏ ܡܛܠ ‎va‏ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܐܡܿܪܝܢܢ ܠܗ ܟܕ ܠܗ ܕܒܒܣܪ ‎wo‏

‎demon, was dismissed into the wilderness without blood and without sacrifiec.
By all these arguments the ingenious madness of the heathen has been refu-
ied, who wished to stain the divine Scripture with the blame of their eults
of mauy demons, men who did not shrink from calling the usual sacrifices
to their idols * dismissible', in order to substantiate their error by a plausible
identity of name. These things we have stated shortly in the desire to
show how Jesus became sin for us, that we might in him become tlie right-
eousness of God. Ile endured a death that was for our sake, he who for
the sins of us all became one that is subject, he who knows not sin, for
according lo the prophet's saving, « Ile came to death for the sins of my
people, aud for our sake he sullered pain, and was smitten, and he endured
sickness for our iniquity »'. So also Paul wrole to the Hebrews and said,
« Christ was ollered once, that he might bear the sins of many », and he
says that ‘by his sacrifice he hatli been revealed once for all at the last for
the doing away of sin”, and ‘he offered oue eternal ollering for our sins? :
and Peter the eminent among the apostles said, « The same carried np
our sins in his body on to the cross, that wo, being freed from sins,
might live iu righteousness ‏ܝ‎

‎And again the sixth question, as to how we say that the same sullered in

‎1. Is., uri, 5 (loose quotalion). — 2. Hoh., 1x, 26, 28; x, 12. — 3. I Pot, 11, 24.

