v

‎LETTERS OF .SEVERUS. [204]‏ 34
‎bis,‏ ܟܠܗ ܥܘܠܗܘܢ. ܗܕܐ ܗܘܟܝܠ ‎μϑοι‏ ܡܬܓܡܡܪܐ ‎λοοι‏ ܘܒܬܙ̈ܝܢ ܨܦܪ̈ܝܝܢ. ‎οὐ‏
‎A‏ ܡܬܢܟܣ. ܗܽܘ ܕܝܢ ܡܫܬܕܐܬܼ. ‎DJS‏ ܕܥܠܠ ‎ES,‏ ܢܗܝܪܐܝܬ ‎ep‏ ܡܚܘܐ
ܠܢ ܓܝܪ ܗܼܘ ܛܘܦܣܐ.. ܠܗ ܟܕ ܠܗ ܠܝܚܕ ܡܫܝܚܐ. ܕܒܒܣܪܐ ‎QD bu AD‏
ܕܝܝܢ ܕܠܐ ‎[ése cos dx‏ ܐܠܗܐ ‎Jis‏ ܗܼܘ ܓܝܪ ܟܕ ܗܼܘ ܘܒܦ̈ܕܐ 7-20
ܠܡܒܪܝܐ܂ ܘܡܬܐܢܝܟܣ. ܐܕܥܡ ܓܝܪ ܗܼܘ ܠܗ ° ܚܠܦܝܢ ܩܘܪܒܢܐ ܘܕܒܝܝܐ ܠܥܓ ܗܐ ‎vb.‏ 156
‎i‏ ܐܒܐ ‎Je Jm LAN‏ ܚܫܐ ܐܙ ܠ ܟܕ ‎Jod δαν‏ ܕܟܠܗ ‎ΟΝ μον‏
ܙ ܗܠܝܝܢ ܕܡܬܬܘܕܝܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܥܠ ܪܝܫܗ ‎MEET.‏ ܒܛܘܦܣܗ ܕܐܗܪܘܢ. ‎ele‏ ܓܝܪ
ܗܼܘ ܠܗ ܢܗܝܪܐܝܬ܂. ‎oon‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܐܠܗܐ ‎où Jos‏ ܕܢܡܘܣܐܝܬ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܡܽܘܕܝܢܢ
' ܚܛܗ̈ܝܢ. ܐ ܘܕܐ ܠܟ ܥܡ ܓܝܪ ܐܡܪ ܡܪܝܐ ܥܠ ܐܦܫ ‎SOS‏ + ܘܐܢܬ ܬܫܒܘܩ
ܪܘܫܥܗ ܕܠܒܝ. ‎NN «el‏ ܐܝܟ ܐܡܪܐ ܠܢܟܣܬܐ }5 ܐܠܐ ‎ον‏ ܡܢܘ ܢܫܬܥܐ.
| ܡܛܠ ܕܡܬܬܪܝܡܝܢ ‎sois‏ ܡܢ ‎ss]‏ ܕܠܐ ܪܒܬܐ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ܂ ܐܝܟ ‎Joi‏
‏ܘܚܫ̈ܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܒܟܝܢܗ. ܐܬܬ ܪܚܡ ܓܝܪ ܡܢ ‎fs;‏ ܘܐܣܬܠܩ. ‎Monks‏ ܓܝܪ
ܡܛܠܬܗ ܐܡܚܪ ܥܠ ܛܘܦܣܐ:. ܕܢܫܬܕܪ ܠܡܕܒܪܐ ܕܠܐ ‎ΝΟ‏ ܠܐ ܡܬ ܐܥܒ ܪܢܐ
ܐ ‎TN‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܐܬܪܐ ‎où‏ ܠܟܠܗ ܟܝܢܐ ܒܪܝܐ:. ‎οὐδο‏ ܕܐܬܒܣܪ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܐܝܬܐܘܗܝ

‎and the goat shall take upon him all their iniquity » '. This therefore was
thus performed in the case of the two goats also, that the one was slaugh-
tered and the other dismissed. We clearly see the hidden meaning which
relates to the Cross : for the type denotes that the same one Christ sullered
iu the flesh, but remained without suffering in that he is considered to be
true God. For the saine person both is separated by lots to the Lord and
slaughtered (for ‘he delivered himself for our sake as an offering and a sacrifice
to God the Father for a sweet savour'?), and goes away without sullering
bearing the sins of all Israel, which in the type of Aaron were confessed over
the head of the goat : for he clearly displays himself as being himself true
God, over whom we confess our sins according to law; for « I will make
confession », he saith, « unto thee, Lord, eoncerning my sins, and thou wilt
forgive the wickedness of my heart »?; for, though *he was led as a lamb
to the slaughter', yet, ‘who shall tell his generation, because liis life is
taken away from the earth?* 5, for he is without descent as God, and he is life
in his nature, for he was taken away and lifted up from the earth. Truly is
it said of him in reference to the type that he shall be dismissed into the
wilderness !hat is not passed; for that country is impassable to all outside

‎1. Lev., xvi, 20-22, — 2. 90 v, 2, — ὃν Ps. xxx1, ὃ, — ἂν 1s., LUE 7, 8.
