[203] LXV. — TO EUPRAXIUS. 33

ܕܝܢ ܕܒܙܒܢܐ ܕܡܬܒܪܢܫܢܘܬܗ ܚܛܛܝܬܐ ܠܐ 1.5 ‎ka] αν JLolo‏ ܒܗ: ܐܠܐ
ܐܬܚܝܼܙܝ ܙܕܚܩܐ: ‎οὐδι‏ ܕܝܢ ‎οιον ἡ‏ ܙܕܚܝܩܘܬܐ: ܘܟܕ ܗܘܐ ܒܝܣܝܪܐ: ‎os‏ ܬܘܒ ܐܝܟ
ܕܒܪܝܫܝܬܐ: ܟܠܗ ܟܝܢܢ ܐܙܕܕܩ.. ܘܗܕܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܿ ܗܝ ‎Loss xe‏ ܦܘܠܘܣ
ܠܩܘܙ̈ܢܬܝܐ ܡܛܠ ‎où οὶ‏ ܕܠܐ ‎XS JR Sp‏ ܚܛܝܬܐ ‎Sopa‏
‏ܕܚܢܢ ‎Joos‏ ܒܙܘ ܙܕܝܩܘܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ. ܗܕܐ܂ ‎elo‏ ܒܬܫܡܫܬܐ ܢܡܘܣܝܬܐ ܡܫܬܡܠܝܐ
ܗܘܬ. ‎vo‏ ܓܝܪ ‎Lis, v.‏ ܕܥܠܝܗܘܢ ‎xao] eso‏ ܗܘܘ ‎Ji‏ ܛܘܦܣܐ
ܐܚܝܕܝܢ ܗܘܘ ܕܡܫܝܚܐ ܦܪܘܩܢ܆. ‎où‏ ܕܡܢ ‎ο)‏ ܡܢ ‎JAoot‏ 5567 ܐܢܐ ܡܫܡܠܝܬܐ
ܘܐܙܫܘܬܐ. ܘܗܘ ܡܶܢ ܚܝܕ ܕܥܠܘܗܝ ܢܦܝِܠ 9 ‎Lise [an‏ ܡܬ ܢܟܣ ܗܘܐ. ܗܽܘ ܕܝܢ
‎duel‏ ܡܫܬܕܪ ܗܘܐ ܠܡܕܒܪܐ ܕܠܐ ‎Je] ssh‏ ܕܐܦ ܡܫܐܬܕܪܢܐ ܡܥܬܡܗ
ܗܘܐ. ܕܡܢܗ ܕܣܘܥܪܢܐ܂ ܩܕܢܐ ܐܦ ܟܘܢܝܐ. ܡܫܬܕܪ ܗܘܐ ܓܝܪ. ܠܘ ܕܝܢ ܫܚܝܡܐܝܬ.
‎JII‏ ܒܙܢܐ ‎ils où‏ ܟܬܒܐ. ܐܡܼܪ ܓܝܪ ܗܟܢܐ. ‎μεθ eese‏ ܚܕܝܐ.. ‎mio‏
‏ܐܗܪܘܢ ܬܪ̈ܬܝܗܝܢ ܐܝܕ̈ܘܗܝ ܥܠ ܐܝܥܪܘ ܕܨܦܪܝܐ ‎Jralo . Lin‏ ܥܠܘܗܝ܂ $5 ‎JAN‏
‏133 ܐܝܣܪܐܝܠ. ܘܟܠܗ ܪܘܫܥܗܘܢ ܘܠܝܼܘܠܙܘܘܢ.. ܘܢܣܝܚܡ ܐܢܝܘܢ ܥܠ ܐܝܟܗ
‎Len Lisy‏ ܘܢܫܕܪܝܘܗܝ ܒܐܝ̈ܕܝ ܓܒܪܐ ‎[EX‏ ܠܡܕܒܪܐ. ܘܢܣܝܒ ܥܠܘܗܝ

are not termed liable. And, because during the time of his Humanization
he did no sin, therefore also iniquity was not found in liim, but lie showed
himself righteous, that is, he. is righteousness; and, when he became flesh,
all our nature again was justified in him as in firstfruits; and this is what
the wise Paul said to the Corinthians about the Father, « He made him sin
for our sake, who knew no sin, that we might be the righteousness of God
in him »'. This too was carried out in the ritual of the law also: for the
two goats on whom lots were laid were a tvpe of Christ our Saviour, wlio
is made up of two elements, the perfect Godhead I mean and the manhood :
and the one, on whom the Lord's lot fell, was slaughtered, while the other
was dismissed into the wilderness that is not passed, who also was named
‘the dismissible’, who gained the appellation also from the fact itself; for
he was dismissed, but was not simply dismissed, but in the manner which
Scripture mentioned ; for it said as follows : « And thou shalt bring the living
goat, and Aaron shall lay his two hands on the head of tlie living goat, and
shall confess over him all the sin of the sons of Israel, and all their wicked-
ness and their iniquity, and shall lay them on the lead of the living goat,
and shall dismiss him by means of a man who is ready into the wilderness;

1. II Cor., v, 21.
PATR. OR. — T. XIV. — F. 1. 3
