‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [188]‏ 18
ܠܗ. ܠܗܕܐ ܓܚܪ ܬܫܒܘܚܬ ܐ| ܠܐ ܒܚܝܪܬܐ܂. ‎max‏ ܠܗ̇ ܛܘܒܢܐ ܦܘܠܘܣ ܟܕ ‎xl‏
‎DUT‏ ܓܝܪ ‎laslóNs] Lis‏ ܠܟܒܣܪܐ ܘܕܡܐ .. ܘܐܦ ‎où‏ ܒܩܪܝܒܘܬܐ܂ ܠܝܗܘܢ
ܟܕ ܠܝܗܘܢ ܐܫܬܘܿܬܦ. ‎Jla-so ET μα.‏ ܢܒܒܛܠ ‎o Mal) οὖν‏ ܐܘܚ ܙܢ ܗ
ܕܡܿܘܬܐ܆. ‎où‏ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܐܒܠܩܝܪܨܐ. ‎oou]‏ ܐܪܐ ܕܒܩܪܝܒܘܬܐ ܘܒܗ ܟܕ ܒܪܘ ‎Lu‏
‎Lu,‏ ܐܫܬܘ̇ܐܦ ‎ΑΕ‏ .. ܝܕܝܥܐ ܗܝ . ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܢܦܫܗ ܕܒܪܢܫܐ ܡܝܬܝܠܚܕܐ
ܥܡ ܦܓܪܐ ܕܝܠܗܿ.. ܟܕ ܛܒ ‎mas‏ ܕܠܐ ܓܫܘܡ ܐܝܬܝܪܘܿ: ܒܪܡ ܕܝܢ ܚܕ ܚܫܝܒܐ
ܥܡܗ ܡܛܠ ‎lan‏ - ܗܟܢܐ ܘܘܽܘ ‎Dell‏ ܡܬܐܡܪ ܘܕܡܚܝܕ ܠܦܓܪܐ ܕܐܬܝܠܢ.
‎fu,‏ ܐܝܬ ܠܗ ܡܠܝܠܝܬܐ ܘܝܕܘܥܬܢܝܬܐ. ܘܐܚܟܙܐ ܙܠܐ ‎onau‏ ܕܒܪܢܬܐ: ‎Jes]‏
‏ܕܝܬ ܠܘܬ ܒܣܪܐ: ܘܟܕ ܛܒ ܡܚܝܕܐ ܠܙܘ ܠܦܓܪܐ ܒܚܝܕܝܘܬܐ ‎Jas‏ ܗܟܢܐ
ܘܠܐ ܡܠܬܐ ‎es; μὰ Waco Jimi ον ο ον JeCS‏
ܡܛܠ ܕܩܢܘܡܐܝܬܐ ܡܚܝܕ ܠܦܓܪܐ. ܡܛܠܗܢܐ ܟܕ ‎ES‏ »1 ܐܠܗܐ ‎RN‏
‏ܠܒܬܘܠܬܐ. ܠܝܘ ܕܝܢ ‎Lias‏ ܕܗ̇ܝ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܘܡܬܪܢܐ ܐܠ ‎uso ons Ja‏ ܐܠܐ
ܒܗ݀ܝ ‎fases:‏ ܗܘܼܐ ܡܟܬܒ ܠܗ̇ ܐܡܗ. ܠܐ ܕܝܢ ‎ous‏ ܡܢ ‎La‏ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎Ja‏
‏ܘܐܦܢ ‎sms‏ ܗܺܝ ܕܠܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ. ܐܠܐ ‎umo); Là ool Lans)‏ ܗܟܝܢܝܐ

‎1. Ms. Seta d.

‎ed hy the blessed Paul when he says, « For, since the children partook of
flesh and blood, he himself also similarly partook of the same, in order that
through death he might destroy him who hath the power of death, who
is the devil »'. If then? he partook of flesh and blood similarly to the
children and in the same way, it is plain that, as the soul of a man is born
with its own body, though in its nature it is incorporeal, but is nevertheless
reckoned to be one with it because of the union, so too he who was born
is also said to be united to the body that was born that has a. rational and
iutelligent soul. And, as you do not say that ἃ inau's soul passed into flesh,
althongh it is united with the body by an original union, so also no one
says that God {Π| Word was changed into flesh and endured the process of
mingling, because he is hypostatically united to a body. — Wherefore, when
he was born, he made tlie Virgin the God-bearer, but he did not receive the
beginuing of being God and being held as such from her, but in that he
became man he writes her as his mother. But he did not pass from being
God, although he took that which he was not; but, as lie remained that which
he is, so also he became truly man. That tlie body which he united to

‎l. Heb., 11, 15. — 2. ἀρα.

