48 LETTERS OF SEVERUS, [218]

ܠܐܢܬܬܗ. ܘܢܬܗܘܘܢ ܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ ‎pe‏ ܒܣܪ. ‎bois‏ ܝܠܕܐ ܦܓܪܢܝܐ ‎Jo ot Jo‏
‎o‏ ܐܝܕܐ ܕܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܡܦܘܠܬܐ ܕܡܢ ‎Lee‏ ܕܒܦܪܕܝܣܐ ܐܬܝܗܼܒܬ ܒܛܝܟܝܣܐ
‎laxo Jar}‏ ܠܐ ‎Ια‏ ܕܒܕܘܝܪܐ ܕܒܦܪܕܚܣܐ ܡܩܝܪܒܐ >“ ‎Luis ot»‏
ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎RO a Se‏ ܟܕ ‎Ja‏ ܠܗܕ̈ܡܝܢ ܕܒܐܪܥܐ:. ‎Eyso‏ ܡܢܢ ‎LassS‏
‏ܥܬܝܩܐ. ‎ouo‏ ܠܢ ܓܝܪ ܗܼܘ ‎Lol où Jia‏ ܕܛܘܦܣܗ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܓܙܘܪܬܐ. ‎As‏
‏ܗܘܐ ܓܝܪ ܦܘܠܘܣ ‎lo JS ον‏ ܕܓܙܘܪܬܐ ‎sena] ο ντ νο‏
‎Ob»)‏ ܠܒܪܢܝܢ ‎Las‏ ܡܢܝܕܚܝܫܬܝܢ ‎iso‏ ܘܠܡܝܬܘܬܐ ‎vus và‏ ܡܢ ܒܬܪ
‎T RS asso‏ ܦܪܕܝܣܐ. ܘܐܦ ܠܪܓܬܐ ܦܓܪܢܝܬܐ. ‎Jas ses. Jaso,s‏ ܡܕܡ

*

ܦܣܩܝܢܢ܇. ܘܩܒܪܝܢܢ ܠܘ ܒܡ̈ܡܝܐ ܡܡܝ̈ܬܝܗ̇ ܕܚܛܝܬܐ. ܘܒܗ ‎με»‏ ܡܬܩܝܿܒܪܝܢܢ
ܥܡ ‎usse‏ ܘܚܕܬ| ܘܝܠܚܝ̈ܕܝ ‎Jlo he Le Jado queo Moss‏ ܚܫ̈ܘܫܐ
ܡܣܬܐܪܗܒܝܢܢ. ܟܬܒ ܓܝܪ ܦܘܠܘܣ܂ ܗܟܢܐ. ܕܒܗ ‎ER‏ ܓܙܘܪܬܐ ܕܠܐ ܒܐܝ̈ܕܝܐ..
‎le Nas‏ ܦܓܪܐ ܕܒܣܪܟܘܢ܇. ܒܓܙܘܪܬܗ 20$[ ܘܐܬܩܒܪܬܘܢ ܥܡܙܘ ܒܘܡܥܡܘܕܝܬ ܐ ܂ .
ܘܒܗ ܡܡܬܘܢ ܒܝܕ ܗܝܡܢܘܐ| ? ܕܡܥܒܕܢܘܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎où‏ ܕܐܩܝܚܡܗ ܡܢ ‎Rs‏ ܡܝ̈ܬܐ.
ܘܐܦ ܠܟܘܢ ‎«No‏ ܗܘܝܬܘܢ ܒܚ̈ܝܛܗܝܟܘܢ ܘܒܥܘܪܥܘܬ ‎S] καθως‏

1. Ms. bi ‏.ܦܗ‎ — 2, Ms. with poinl. following.

mother, and eleave to his wife, and they two should be one flesh' '. This
bodily birth cireumeision renounces, which was giveu after the fall from
the life in Paradise in the character of a remedy, and causes us to approach
to the impassibility which existed during the residence in Paradise; by
which we are named sons of God, inasmuch as it slays our members upon
the earth, and. puts off from us the old man. The truth itself, of which
cireumeision is a type, lestifies to us; for Paul wrote to the Colossians
and said that cireumeision in Christ is baptism, whereby we put away from
us our old man, and the mortality wherein we died after our fall from
Paradise, and we also cut away the bodily desire as it were a kind of
foreskin, aud bury it in the waters which slay sin, and in the same way
we arc buried with Christ, and rise as new men and born afresh, and
hasten to the new and; passionless life; for this is what Paul wrote : « In
whom ye were eireumeised with a cireumeision not made with hands, by
siripping off the body of your flesh, by the eireumeision of Christ, and
were buried with him in baptism, and rose in him through faith in ihe
operation of God who raised him from the place of the dead; and you also,
who had died in your sins and in the foreskin of your flesh, he quickened

1. Gen, n, 25.
