157 r° ἃ.

36 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [206]

‎LAN‏ ܛܘܦܣܢܐܝܬ: ܐܟܙܢܐ ܓܝܪ ‎als‏ ܨܝܪܐ ܐܡܬܝ ܕܨܐܪ ܡܟܬܒܢܝܘܬܐ ° ܕ
ܐܒܪܗܡ: ‎τὶ οἷν Ja RER‏ ܒܙܒܝܢ ‎RS‏ ܟܕ ܫܡܿܥ ܠܐܠܗܐ ܕܐܡܿܪ ‎«uel, so‏
ܠܝ ‎y‏ ܠܥ̈ܠܬܐ: ‎LE‏ ܕܝܢ ‎cM,‏ ܩܫ̈ܣܐ: ܒܙܒܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܬܘܒ ܕܡܿܦܟܪ ܠܗ
ܠܐܝܣܚܩ ܘܣܐ ܡ ܠܗ ܥܠ ܩܝ̈ܣܐ: ܒܙܒܢ ܕܝܢ ܕܡܙܝܢܐ ܐܝܕܗ ܒܣܟܝܢܐ ܘܡܬܡܬܚܐ
ܠܢܟܣܬܐ: ܘܡܢ ܩܠܐ ܫܡܝܢܐ ܕܡܝܢ ܠܥܠ ‎JU]‏ ܡܬܬܟܣܐ: ‎‘ao‏ ܠܗܘ ܚܢܕ
ܐܒܪܗܡ ܣܓܝܐܐ ܡܣܝܼܒܪܝܢܢ: ܡܛܠ ܕܗܼܘ ܟܕ ‎RG oo‏ ܐܬܬܨܝܪ: ܘܐܦܠܐ ܕܝܢ
ܣܦܩܐ ܗܘܬ ܚܕܐ ܨܘܪܬܐ ܕܟܠܡܕܡ ܬܫܘܕܥ. ܗܟܢܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܠܪ̈ܘܫܡܐ ܛܠܢܝܐ ܕܛܘܦܣܐ..
ܠܬܚܘܝܬܐ ܡܫܡܠܝܬܐ ܕܣܘܥܪܢܐ܆. ‎κι vo‏ ܐܬܢܣܟܘ܂ : ܘܠܘ ܠܬܙ̈ܝܢ 0

‏ܡܫܝܚܝܐ ܡܿܦܠܔܝܢܝܢ. ܐ || ܡܝܢ ܬܙ̈ܝܢ ܟܝ̈ܢܝܢ ܐܠܗܘܬܐ ‎Jlasslo JR sas‏ +
‎ANA do‏ . ܐܝܟ ܗܝܡܢܘܬܐ ‎9ο)‏ ܐܠܗ̈ܝܐ:. ܘܒܢܬ ܘܠܐ ‎m Lois hae‏

‏ܕܡܢܗܝܢ ܐܦ ܚܢܢ ܗܠܝܢ ܡܿܡܠܠܝܢܢ. ܕܬܪ̈ܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܨܦܪ̈ܝܝܢ ܛܘܦܝܣܐ ܐܚܝܕܝܢ
ܗܘܘ ܕܚܕ ܡܫܝܚܚܐ.. ܝܕܝܥܐ ܗܝ܂ ܡܝܢ ‎js‏ ܕܥܠ ‎Jje‏ ܠܘ ܓܪ ܐܝܟܢ ‎oo‏ ܟܗܢܐ
ܐܗܪܘܢ:. ܠܚܕ ܡܢ ܡܢ ‎Lis,‏ ܠܕܒܚܬܐ ܦܪܫ ܗܘܐ. ܐܠܐ ܠܠܐ ܝܕܝܥܘܬܐ ܕܦܨ̈ܐ ‎von‏
‏ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܠܣܘܥܪܢܐ.. ܕܒܝܕ ܗܕܐ ‎sJeza‏ ܚܕܝܘܬܐ ‎Jes‏ ܕܡܠܬܬܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܘܕܒܣܪܗ.
ܐܟܙܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܗܼܘ ܐܠܗܐ ܠܐ ‎αν.‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܘܒܪ ܚܐܪ̈ܐ: ܡܢ ܚܕܝܘܬܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܠܘܬ

‎1. Ms, €. — 9, Ms. e

‎the two? Just as a painter, when lie depiets the story of Abraham, depicts
him several times, now hearing God saying to him, « Offer thy son to me as
a burnt-sacrifiec », now cutting faggots, now again binding Isaac and laying
him on the faggots, now with his hand armed with the knife and stretched
out to slay and held back by the heavenly voice coming from above, and
we do not think the one Abraham to be many because the same person was
depicted many times, and iudeed one picture was not sullicient to tell the
whole story, so also for the shadowy representation of the symbol, for the
sake of perfeetly setting forth the fact, two goats were taken, and we do
not divide the one Christ into two, but we declare him to be one out of two
natures, the perfect Godhead and the manhood, according to the faith of the
divine Scriplures, and the words of the fathers that are inspired by the Spirit,
from which sources we also speak these things. That the two goats sym-
bolized the one Christ is plain from the allegory of the lots; for the priest
Aaron did not select one of the goats at haphazard to be slaughtered, but
commiited the matter to the uneertainty of lots, that by this he might show
the primary unity of God the Word and his flesh. As he is himself God

