[197] LXV. — TO EUPRAXIUS. 27

ܕܒܥܘܡܩܐ ܕܗܘܢܐ. ‎EE‏ ܕܝܢ ܦܩܐ ܐܦ ܪܘܚܐ ܕܦܘܡܐ. ܘܗܼܝ ܡܢ ܬܚܘܝܬܐ܂
ܥܡ ܡܠܬܐ : ‎|-ωοὶ‏ ܕܡܢ ܦܘܡܐ ܒܨܝܪܬܐ ܗܝ. ܘܕܡܘܬܐ܂ ‎Jude‏ ܡܕܡ
ܡܬܬܣܪܚܐ: ܡܬܬܘܕܝܢܝܬܐ ܗܝ . ܙܥܘܪܬܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇ ܕܝܠܗ ܕܫܪܪܐ:. ܠܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܢܩܦܐܝܬ
ܗܝ ܡܢ ‎Se‏ ܘܐܝܟ ‎JR Rs)‏ ܘܣܟܘܠܬܢܐܝܬ ܡܫܟܚܝܢ ܠܡܫܡܥ.
‎να). ao‏ ,. ܘܕܕܡܕܼܘܬܐ ܡܕܡ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܒܪܡ ‎κο‏ ܐܝܟܢܐ ‎JN‏ ܕܝܠܢ ܒܝܙ
ܕܫܪܪܐ: ܡܨܝܐ ܕܬܪܡܐ ܒܗܿܢܘܢ ‎ο‏ ܐܘܪܓܢܝܘܢ ܕܩܝܠܐ ‎Kasu‏ ܘܡܙܝܥܐ
ܠܘܠܫܘܒܥܬܐ: ܘܠܓܘ ܡܢ ‎où‏ ܕܡܥ ‎asso‏ : ܘܠܐ ܐܢܫ ܐܡܿܪ ܠܡܠܬܐ ܕܡܬܝܠܕܐ
ܡܢ ܗܘܢܐ: ܕܩܢܘܡܐܝܬ ܐܝܬܝܗܿ: ܗܺܝ ܕܒܡܫܡܥܬܐ ܕܗܽܘ ܕܒܡܥ ܠܐܠܐ: ܐܘ ܠܪܘܚܐ
‎où‏ ܕܢܦܩ ܒܗ ܒܡܠܬܐ ܒܝܕ ܩܠܐ: ‎μοὶ‏ ܠܗ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܒܩܢܘܡܐ: ܐܠܐ ܒܠܚܘܙ
ܡܥܕܪܢܐ ܕܡܫܡܥܬܐ.. ܗܟܢܐ ‎ολ οί‏ ܘܡܛܠ ;ܐ ܙܐ ܕܡܠܬܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܡܛܠ
ܕܗܼܘ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܩܢܘܡܐܝܬ ܘܠܐ ܡܬܡܠܠܢܐܝܬ! ܘܐܝܟ ܕܗܼܘ ܒܠܚܘܕ ‎δ‏ ܥܕܡܪ
ܒܡܪܒܥܐ ܕܒܬܘܠܬܐ ܘܡܢܗ̇ ‎ado pm]‏ ܐܒܐ ܝܠ ‎οἱ ose‏ ܪܘܚܝܐ ‎où‏ ܕܢܦܝܩ
ܐܫܬܘܬܦ ‎Jo.‏ . ܐܠܐ ܐܝܟ ܒܪܬ ܩܠܗ ܕܝܘܚܢܢ.. ܡܠܬܐ ܒܝܣܝܪܐ ܗܘܼܐ. ܘܐܠܗܐ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ. ܘܠܘܬ ܐܠܗܐ ܗܘܐ ܂. ܐܝܟ ܐܚܪܢܐ ܠܘܬ ܐܚܪܢܐ܇ ܡܢ ܗ̇ܝ ܕܡܫܘܚܕܐܝܬ
ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ ܩܢ̈ܘܡܐ. ܟܕ ܗܟܝܠ ܗܠܝܢ ܕܐܝܟ ܗܟܢܐ ܐܝܬܝ ܗܘܢ܇. ܝܬܝܪܐ ܘܣܪܝܩܐ

1. Ms. ‏ܡܬܡܠܠܢܝܬ‎

breath' of the mouth. The example is defective, and is a kind of similitude
and shadow of the truth itself for those who are able to listen properly and
intelligently. However, as our speech comes out through the organ? of the
voice and moves the hearing and passes inside him who hears, and no oue
says that the speech which 15 begotten by the mind exists hypostatically,
the speech which euters into the hearing of him who hears, or says that
the breath which comes out in the speech through the voice exists in
hypostasis?, but only calls it a help to the hearing, so understand also with
regard to the mystery of God the Word, because he himself alone hypo-
statically and ineffably and as he himself only knows came to dwell in the
Virgin's womb and became incarnate from her, and neither the Father his
begetter nor the Spirit which proceeds shared in this, but according to the
saying of John, « The Word hecame flesh, and he was God, and was with
God »*, as one with another, because the liypostases exist sevorally. Since
then these things are so, that question of theirs which arises from ignorance

1. Spirit, — 2. ὄργανον. — 3. I cannot render this otherwise, but do not follow tlie argument. —
^. John, t, 1, 14.
