[185] LXV. — TO EUPRAXIUS, 15

‎oo‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܘܝ: ܘܕܡܝܝܐ ܒܫܡܫܐ :ܘܽܘ ܕܡܢܗ ‎sas‏ ܘܒܡܠܬܐܼ ܡܕܥܐ ܕܐܘܠܕܗܿ:
ܘܒܢܗܪܐ ܡܥܝܢܐ ܕܐܪܕܝܬܗ: ܘܒ ܟܠܡܐ ܬܦܢܟܐ܂. ܗܟܢܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܐܒܐ ܒܒܪܐ ܘܒܪܐ
ܒܐܒܐ. ‎dana]‏ ܕܐܡܿܪ ܕܗܘ ܕܚܙܢܝ ‎fce‏ ܠܐܒܐ̈ ‎Lilo‏ ܘܐܒܝ ܚܕ ‎ble ge‏ ܒܐܒ
ܘܐܒܝ ‎us‏ ܟܕ ܒܝܡܝܢܚܢܐ ‎ς9ὸ‏ ܡܬܦܠܝܓܝܢ ܠܬܪܝܝܢܝܘܬܐ:. ܘܗܟܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܗܘܢ
‎saisis‏ ܒܗ݀ܝ ܕܝܢ ܕܚܙ ܐܢܘܢ ‎Jas‏ ܠܚܕܐ ܐܠܗܘܬ| ܡܬܚܝܨܝܢ܀)!

‏ܬܘܒ ‎es‏ ܕܬܪ̈ܝܢ܂. ܡܛܠ ܐܝܕܐ ܘܒܐܝܢܐ ܙܢܝܐ ‎ess‏ ܕܐܬܒܪܢܫ ܡܠܬܐ
ܐܠܗܐ܀ ܡܦܩ ܒܪܘܚܐ܀

‏ܡܟܝܠ ܕܝܢ ܢܩܦܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ̄ ܠܡܟܚܝܢܘ. ‎Jl Ns so‏ ܘܒܐܝܢܐ ‎bj‏ ܐܬܒܪܢܫ
ܡܠܬܐ ܝܚܝܕܝܐ ܒܪܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ. ܗܢܐ ܓܝܪ ‎Jes‏ ܬܪܝܢܐ ‎ess‏ ܚܢܢ ܕܝܢ܂ ܟܕ ܠܒܪ
ܡܢ ܟܬ ܒܐ ܐܠܗ̈ܝܐ ܠܐ ‎Qi]‏ + ܐܡܪܝܢܢ.. ܕܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ ܕܢܝܼܚ ܘܐܢܗܪ ܠܥܠܝܡܐ
ܗܢܐ ܒܚܕ ܡܐܬܝܬܐ ܕܡܬܒܪܢܫܢܘܬܗ ܕܒܒܣܪ: ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܒܐܕܡ ܡܝܬܝܢܢ.. ܗܟܢܐ ܒܗ
‎Lo‏ ܢܐܚܕܐ. ܘܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܡܝܪܐ ‎flass Lag pass‏ - ܗܟܢܐ ܘܒܝܕ ‎basis‏
‏ܩܚܡܬܐ ܕܡܝ̈ܬܐ. ܟܕ ܓܝܪ ܐܕܡ ܐܬܚ ܚܒ ܒܡܘܬܐ ܡܢ ܒܝܬܪ ‎$a»‏ ܦ݀ܘܩܕܢܐ: ‎où‏
‎ΑΛ»‏ ܒܝܕ ܡܛܛܥܝܢܘܬܗ ܕܚܘܝܐ: ܘܢܝܼܡܥ ܗܺܝ ܕܥܦܪܐ ܐܢܬ ܘܠܠܥܦܪܐ ‎passat‏

‎1. The fact that this citation is introduced without preface makes il very doubtful if it is really part
of the letter, — 2. Ms. ‏ܢܩܦܐܝܬ ܐܝܬܝܗ‎ .

‎and in the word is the intellect which begot it, and in the river the fount
that sent it forth, and in the image the original, so the Father is in the Son
and the Son in the Father, as he says, ‘He who hath seen me hath seen the
Father”, and, *1 and my Father are one’, and, *1 am in my Father, and
my Father in me”, being numerically divided into a duality, and being so in
hypostases, but in that they are one in nature restrieted to one Godhead ») '.

‎Next the second question, * Why and in what way do we say that God the
Word was humanized?'. The defence. But now it is reasonable to consider
why and in what way we say that the only Word, the Son of God, was huma-
nized; for this is the second question that you put. But we without going
outside the divine Seriptures say that the reasou for which he shone upon
and gave light to tliis world by the coming of his Humanization in the flesh
was that, as in Adam we die, so in Christ himself we might live*, and, as
it is said, « By man is death, so also by man is the resurrection of the dead »?.
Sinee Adam was condemned to death after the transgression which was
committed through the deceitfulness of the serpent, and heard the words,

‎1. Thes. 12 (P. G., LXXV, 181, 184, 185), put together from several passages. See note on text. —
2. ICor., xv, 22. — 3. Ibid., 21.
