20 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [190]

basis jam Jis ‏ܠܢ. ܡܚܕܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܐܬܝܠܝܕ.ْ‎ κο ο ‏ܕܦܘܪܩܢܐ‎

᾿ ܕܥܠ ‎ωόι Jan‏ ܕܩܕܡܐܝܬ ܛܥܬ ܡܢ ‎μα‏ ܐܠܘ ܓܝܪ ‎oot‏ ܠ ܡܙܘܐܝܠ ‎a JJ‏

ܐܬܝܠܝܕ: ‎où‏ ܕܐܝܬܐܘܗܝ ‎so‏ ܠܝܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܕܐܬܒܝܣܪ: ‎y où‏ ܒܪܬ ܩܠܝܪܙܘ ‎js‏
‏ܐܐܥܒܪ ܕܡܥܬܐ ܡܝܢ ܟܠ ܐ°ܦܝܢ.. ‎LOW ἢ‏ ܗܘܬ ‎δι‏ ܕܒܡܿܩܬܐ ‎Lois PL‏
ܒܪܡ ܕܝܢ ‎Rs‏ ܡܛܠ ܕܐܠܗܐ ‎NEC pl‏ ܬܘܒ .10 ].. ܘܐܦ ‎ΞΟ Aus‏

ܠܐ ܡܬܪ̈ܓܠܢܝܬܐ ‎ουσ‏ ܠܢ ܓܝܪ ܠܡܠܐܟܐ ܟܕ ‎pas oan]‏
ܐܢܐ ܠܟܘܢ ܚܕܘܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ:. ܗܺܝ ܕܐܝܬܝܗ܂ ܕܟܠܗ ܥܠܡܐ.. ‎Ql]‏ ܠܢ ‎Lisa,‏
‏ܦܪܘܩܐ. ‎où‏ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܡܪܝܐ ܡܫܝܚܐ ܒܡܕܝܢܬܗ ‎She eon‏ ܕܝܢ ܢܗܝܪܐܝܬ.
ܕܐܠܘ ܠܐ ܕܡܪܝܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ‎où‏ ܕܐܬܝܠܕ: ܚܕܘܬܐ ‎Joon Là‏ ܠܟܠܗ ܥܠܡܐ: ‎δὲ‏
‎o]‏ ܕܟܠܗ ܓܢܣܐ ܕܒ̈ܢܝܢܫܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇.. ܠܐ ܢܠܝܐ ܗܘܬ ‎uà‏ ܕܒܠܝ̈ܩܬܐ ܬܐܠܕܝܢ
ܒ̈ܢܝܐ. ܐܢ ܕܚܢ ܝܠܕܐ ܡܙ݀ܡܥܢܢܐ ܗܘ ܕܚܕܘܬܐ܂. ܐܦ ‎Je Ju uà‏ ܗܝ ܡܢ
ܡܣܡ ‎μενα:‏ ܘܡܟܝܠ ܠܘܬ ܐܝܠܫܝܢ ܕܡܗܝܡܢܝܢ ܒܗ. ‎ΜΙᾺ‏ ܥܒܪܐ ‎λογω‏
‏ܐܡܪ ܓܝܪ ܕܐܝܠܝܢ ܕܩܝ̈ܒܠܘܗܝ.. ܝܗܼܒ ܠܗܘܢ ܫܘܠܛܢܐ ܕܒܢ̈ܝܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܢܗܘܘܢ.
ܐܝܠܝܢ ‎tA asoka) Lis ας‏ ܪܘܝܚܐ܆. ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܕܙܘܘܼܐ ܒܪܢܦܐ܀
ܘܬܘܒ ‎Jan‏ ܕܬܠܬܐ܂. ܡܛܠ ܗܺܝ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܙܩ ܠܢ ܕܢܣ ܬܟܠ ܗܺܝ ܕܐܡܚܝܪܐ

the punishment laid upon Eve, who was first led astray by the serpent. If
Emmanuel had not been born, who is the Word of God who took flesh, who
according to 1118 saving of the prophet ‘removed weeping from all 10068 ',
the eurse, « In pains shalt thou bear children »?, would not have ceased :
nevertheless it ceased because God was born. Further witness is borne to
this hy the aetual unerring words of the gospel also : for it introduces to
us the augel saying, « ] announee unto you great joy, which belongeth to
all the world, that to-day there hath been born to us a Saviour, wlio is tlie
Lord Christ, in the eity of David »*. Mark elearly that, if it were not that
he who was born was the Lord, the joy that came to all the world, which
is also the joy of the whole raee of men, the curse, « In pains shalt thou bear
elildren », would not have ceased. But, if the birth is the cause of the
joy, she who bore is also free from the punishment; and thenceforth the joy
necessarily passes to those who believe in him : for he said, « Those who
received him he gave them power to become sons of God »', those who
attained to the adoption through the Spirit, after he became man.

And next the third question, as to how we should understand Paul's

1. JS, Xxv, ` — 2. Gen., n1, 16. — 3. Luke, 11, 10, 11. — 4. John. 1, 12.
