‎LXV. — TO EUPRAXIUS. 45‏ ]215[
ܕܒܣܪܐ܂ ‎λα‏ ܗܘܐ. ܘܒܙܘܘܓܐ ܕܐܚܝ̈ܢܘܗܝ ܢܟܦܘܪ ܗܘܐ. ܘܥܠ ܗܕܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܒܝܕ
‎οὐ faaso‏ ܐܝܣܪܐܝܠ ‎E‏ ܗܘܐ ‎lo Lees‏ ܕܓܒܪܐ ܠܘܬ ܟܠ ‎aac,‏
‏ܠܗ ܒܒܣܪ. ܠܐ ܢܥܘܠ ܕܢܓܝܼܠܐ ܒܪܘܬܬܗ. ܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ ܕܝܢ ‎iso)‏ ܕܡܛܠ ܗܕܐ
ܐܬܦܝ̣ܩܕ ܐܒܪܗܡ ܕܢܓܙܘܪ ܘܐܼܦ ܠܐܝܠܝܝܢ ܕܡܢܗ. ܕܝܕܝܥܐ ܢܗܘܐ܂. ܕܡܫܝܚܐ ܡܢܗܘܢ
ܗܽܘܐ ܒܒܣܪ܆. ‎où‏ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܥܠ ܟܠ ܠܥܠܡ ܥܠܡܝܝܢ. ܐܠܐ ܡܶܢ ܡܢ
ܗܠܝܢ ܥܠ̈ܠܬܐ ܐܢ ‎D pes‏ ᾿ ܢܢܥܒܪ. ‎cu Ne‏ ܓܝܪ ܘܐܦ ܡܨܪ̈ܝܐ ܘܥܡ̈ܡܡܐ
ܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ ‎ς όλ‏ ܥܘܪܠܘܬܗܘܢ!. ܘܐܦܢ ܒܥܒܪ̈ܝܐ ܡܿܪܝܘ. ܗ݀ܝ ܕܝܢ ܕܫܪܝܪܐ ܘܦܐܝܐ
‎jm Jo)‏ ܢܡܘܣܐ: ܘܕܛܒ ‎LOO‏ ܘܕܡܣܕܬܗܕܐ ܡܢ ܟ̈ܬܒܝܐ܂ ܐܡܿܪܝܢܢ.
ܕܓܙܘܪܬܐ ܟܦܘܪܝܐ ‎Je‏ ܒܣܪܢܝܐ ܡܒܫܬܘܕܝܐ.. ܘܩܢܝܢܐ ‎Lis Musee,‏ ܕܪܘܚܐ.
ܕܒܗ̇ ܡܬܩܕܪܝܢܢ ‎Lis‏ ܕܐܠܗܐ. ܟܬܝܒ ܓܝܪ ܕܗܟܢܐ ‎£x]‏ ܡܪܝܐ. ܕܒܪܝ ܒܘܟܪܝ
ܐܝܣܪܐܝܠ. ܡܢ ܒܬ ܪ ܓ ܚܝܪ ܡܦܘܠܬܐ| ܕܡܢ ܦܪܕܚܣܐ ܘܐܒܕܢܐ ‎Jh‏ ܡܚܘܬܘܬܐ..
ܚܡ ܐܕܡ ܠܚܘܐ.. ܘܒܕܛܢܬ ܘܝܠܕܬ. ܘܚܘܠܛܢܐ ܗܢܐ ‎Len‏ ܘܚܘܠܛܛܝܢܐ ‎jos‏
‏ܠܚܝ̈ܘܬܐ܂. ‎Ja‏ ܕܓܢܣܢ ‎soul]‏ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܐܣܝܘܬܐ ܡܕܡ ܕܟܪܝܗܘܬܐ܆. ܕܠܐ

‎1. Ms. ul Sos.

‎and renounee marriage with those of his kin, and on this aecount God gave
the law to the sons of Israel through Moses and said, ‘À man shall not
go in to any that is related to him in the flesh to uncover his shame'' ».
And others say that the reason why Abraham was commanded to
circumeise his progeny also besides was that it might be plain that Christ
should .come of them in the flesh who is God over all for ever and ever.
But, if you please, we will pass from these reasons; for it is known that tlie
Egyptians also as well and other nations circumeise their foreskin, even
although they imitated the Hebrews; and we state that which is true and
befits God the lawgiver, and that is very sublime and to which testimony is
borne by the Scriptures, that circumcision promises renunciation of fleshly
birth, and acquisition of the adoption of the Spirit, by which we are called
sons of God; for it is written, « Thus saith the Lord, ‘Israel is my son, my
firstborn' »?.  Afterthe fall from Paradise and the destruction of immortality,
Adam knew Eve, and she conceived and bare; and this unstable intercourse,
intercourse befitting beasts, was given for the propagation of our race,
it being a kind of healing of the sickness, that the race of men might

‎1. Lev., xvii, 6. What follows to ‘ever’ (l. 6) is in Cramer, ‏.ܐ‎ c., headed μετ ὀλίγα. — 2. Ex., 1v, 22.
