[199] LXV. — TO EUPRAXIUS. 29

LS ‏ܕܐܦ ܡܥܕܨܝܚܢܢ‎ uso) ‏ܐܝܟ ܗܺܝ ܕܚܕܐ ܐܠܗܘܬܐ.‎ Άλογο Jo. NS.
Ro) ‏ܟܝܢܐ. ܐܡܬܝ ܕܝܢ ܕܚܕ ܟܝܢܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܡܥܬܐ ܕܡܒܤܣܪ‎ Le ‏ܠܟܠܗ̇ ܐܢܢܘܬܐ‎
‏ܘܒܝܗܕܐ܂ ܠܗ ܠܚܕ ܩܢܘܡܐ ܕܡܠܬܬܐ‎ Juan ‏ܚܠܦ ܫܘܘܕܥܐ ܕܝܠܝܢܝܐ ܐܡܪܝܢܢ‎
ad ‏ܕܐܢܫ ܡܢ.ܐܝܠܝܢ‎ οἱ ‏ܕܦܛܪܘܣ܆.‎ οἱ ‏ܡܘܕܥܝܢܢ܆. ܐܝܟ ܗܺܝ ܕܦܘܠܘܣܝ‎
‏ܐܠܐ܂ ܚܕ‎ is) ‏ܡܛܠ ܗܢܐ ܘܡܐ ܕܚܕ ܟܝܢܐ ܐܡܪܝܢܢ ܕܐܬܒܣܪ. ܠܘ ܫܚܝܡܐܝܬ‎
‏ܐܢܝܦ‎ Ji ‏ܟܝܢܐ ܕܝܠܪܘ ܕܡܠܝܬܐܼ. ܘܢܗܝܪܐܝܬ ܡ ܘܕܠܚܝܢܝܢ ܕܚܕ ܩܝܢܘܡܐ. ܬܘܒ ܕܝܢ‎
‏ܡܢ ܬܚܘܝܬܐ‎ vacance) ‏ܡܕܡ‎ “No ‏ܡܢ‎ ay ‏ܐܠܗܝܐ‎ 35 sa
‏ܕܐܘܣܫܐ ܐܝܚܬܝܗܘܢ: ܠܝܘ ܒܠܚܝܘܕ‎ ono a ‏ܕܦܘܠ ܘܣ ܘܕܦܛܛܪܪܘܣ. ܘܐܦܢ‎
‏ܘܒܐܣܝܟܡܐ‎ ον ‏ܘܒܡܥܒܕܢܝܘܬܐ܂.‎ Lise ‏ܒܩ̈ܢܘܡܐ ܡܿܦܪܫܝܢ.. ܐܠܐ‎
‏ܩܕܝܫܬܐ.. ܒܦܘܪܝܙ ܐ‎ He AN ‏ܕܒܪ̈ܥܝܢܐ. ܒܪܡ ܕܝܢ‎ [jy ‏ܘܒܙܘ̈ܥܐ ܡܥܝ̇ܝܠܦܝ‎
‏ܘܒܗܝ‎ .Jlaass SA) ‏ܡܫܚܠܦܬ ܐ‎ JJ ‏ܕܩܢ̈ܘܡܐ ܡܠܦܪܬܐ.. ܘܒܟܠܡܕܡ‎ νου»
Los ‏ܕܐܘܣܚܐܿ. ܘܡܢ ܡܣܟܢܘܬܐ| ܕܬܚܘܝܬܐ ܗܝ ܠܪܘܩ. ܐܝܕܐ ܕܠܐ‎ oo ‏ܕܡܢܗ̇ ܟܕ‎
‏ܠܐܠܙܘܘܬܐ܆. ܘܠܐ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܠܐ ܩܢܘܡܐ ܬܣܬܟ ܠ . ܘܐܦܠܐ ܪܘܚܐ ܕܒܐ | ܪ ܡܬ[ ܦܕ܀‎

1. Ms. ‏ܠܬܠܝܬܝܘܬܐ‎ .

designation *essence''. And to say that the IIoly Trinity is one.nature is
the same as to say that it is one Godhead, as we arc in fact accustomed to
call all mankind one nature. But, when we say ‘one inearnate nature of God
the Word’, we say ‘nature’ in place of an individual designation, and there-
by we denote the one actual hypostasis of the Word, like that of Paul or
Peter or any single man. Therefore also, when we say *one nature which
became incarnate”, we do not say so absolutely, but we say ‘one nature of
the Word himself”, and elearly denote that it is one hypostasis. But again
let no one stain tlie divine nature that is raised above all things with anything
lowly taken from the example of Paul and Peter. For, although they are
of the same essence’, they difTer not only in hypostases, but also in power
and operation, and stature and shape, and in the various kinds of impulses
that are in men's minds. "The Holy Trinity however differs by the diffe-
rence of hypostases only, and in every point 13 unvarying in equality, aud
in the fact that it is of the same essence'. And avoid that poverty of
the example which is not worthy of the Godhead, and do not conceive of
the Word as without hypostasis, nor yet of the Spirit as being dissipated in
the air ?.

1. οὐσία. — 2. ἀήρ.
