Y

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [216]‏ 46
ܒܝܕ ‎flass‏ ܢܬܦ ܣܩ ܓܢܣܐ ܕܒܢ̈ܝܢܫܐ. ܩܕܡܝܬܐ ܡܢ ܓܝܪ ܠܘ ܡܛܠ ܡܦܪܝܢܘܬ
‎Lis‏ ܐܬܝܗܼܒܬ ‎JET‏ ܠܐܕܡ. ܐܠܐ܂ ܕܡܥܕܪܢܝܬܐ ܬܗܘܐ ‎Rexel o‏ ܓܝܪ ܡܪܝܐ ‎JON‏
‏ܕܠܐ ܫܦܝܪ ܕܢܗܘܐ ܐܕܡ ܒܠܚܘܕܘܗܝ. ܢܥܒܕ ܠܗ ܡܥܕܪܢܐ ܐܟܘܬܗ. ܐܐ ܓܝܪ ܐܡܝܪ
ܡܝܢ ‎ias‏ ܕܢܥܒܕܝܙܗܘ̇ ܕܬܦܪܐ ܘܬܣܓܐ܆. | ‎rA Las.‏ ܡܦܪܝܢܘܬܐ ‎μας ον‏
ܠܘܬ ܣܓܝܐܘܬܐ. 12 ܗܘܐ ܓܝܪ ܐܠܗܐ ܕܢܥܒܕ ܗܕܐ. ܘܕܠܐ ‎Las‏ ܕܙܘܘܓܐ. ܘܐܝܟܢܐ
ܕܠܪ̈ܒܘܬܐ ‎HS;‏ ܠܣܘܓܐܐ ‎cons‏ ܠܓܢܣܢ. ‎sh Rial‏ ܒܕܘܟܐ ܐܡܝܪ
‎Lise où Ka Gels‏ ܕܒܩܝܡܬܐ ܡܶܢ ‎MI‏ ܙܘܘܓܐ. ܘܐܦܠܐ ܡܙܕܘܓܝܢ. ܐܠܐ
ܐܝܟ ܡܠܐܟ̈ܐ ܕܒܫܡܝܐ ܢܗܘܘܢ. ‎AT‏ ܕܚܝܢ ܐܢܫ ܐܡܿܪ: ܕܡܢܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ‎où Le»‏
ܕܥܬܝܕܐ ܗܘܬ ‎Ma NT‏ ܠܓܒܪܐ.. ܦܝ ܢܘܐܝ | ܐܡܪܝܢܢ܂. ܒܦܘܠܚܢܐ ܕܒܦܪܕܝܣܐ
ܘܒܢܛܘܪܬܐ ܕܢܡܘܣܐ.. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܐܦ ܫܠܝܡܘܢ ܐܡܕܪ ܡܛܠ ܐܢܬܬܐ ‎eli‏ ܗܕܐ
‎asso auso [λας JA]‏ ܘܚܟܝܡܐ ܬܘܒ ܐܚܪܢܐ ‎eel‏ ܕܐܢܬܬܐ ܓܒܪܢܝܬܐ܂
ܡܚܕܝܐ ‎ss‏ ܘܐܢܬܬܐ| ܛܒ ‎Jo ΙΝ‏ ܗܝ ܛܒܬܐ. ܘܡܛܠܗܢܐ ܘܓܘܢܐܝܬ ܠܢܡܘܣܐ
‎sas‏ ܗܘܘܢ. ‎Joy‏ ܢܗܼܘܘܢ ܒܝܚܕ ܐܘܚܘܬܐ ܘܦܘܝܘܬ ܣܘܩܐ.. ܘܠܐ ܡܬܟܟ̈ܫ ܪ .ܐ

‎1. Ms. os.

‎not be cut offthrough death. The woman was not at first given to Adam *
for the sake of the procreation of children, but that she might be a helper to
him; for the Lord God said, « It is not good for Adam to be alone; let us
make him a helper like to him »'. Ile did not say from the beginning that
he would make her be fruitful and multiply, in order that hy means of
fertility the race might go on to multiplication; for God might have done
this even without the intercourse of marriage, and have made Our race
increase and multiply like the myriads of angels, as the Lord himself actually
said in a place in the gospel, « In tle resurrection there is no marriage, nor
yet aro they joined in marriage, but they will be as the angels in heaven »*.
lf anyone says, « What is the help that the woman was to give the man? »,
we easily say : In the worship in Paradise and in the keoping of the law;
as Solomon also said of a similar woman, « Wlio can find ἃ manly woman? »*,
and again another wise man says, € Α manly woman gladdeneth her
husband », and, « À good woman is a good portion *» : aud for this reason
they also received the law in common, that through: union and l'conjunetion
of breath? they might be cautious, and not liable to be overcome by the

‎1. Gen., 11, 18. — 2. Matth, XXII, 30. — 3. Pr., xxix, 28. — 4, Sir., XXVI, 2, 3. — 5. This probably
represents some Grock compound (ὁμοπνοία ϐ).

