[179] LXV. — TO EUPRAXIUS. o
‏ܙܡܼܠܝܚ ܡܣܬ݀ܟܥܝܢܢ.ْ‎ eux où ‏ܐܒܐ‎ τὸ ‏ܠܟܬܒܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ: ܕܕܟܠܝܝܐ ]$39 ܠܗ‎
eot Na]! ‏ܗܟܢܐ ܐܡܬܝ ܕܫܬܿܡܥܝܢܢ ܕܡܠܬܐ ܕܐܠܗܐ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ: ܐܝܟ ܗܝ ܕܒܪܫܝܬ‎
ΟΝ uel ‏ܕܥܝܢܝܢ‎ Nano «ον. ‏ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܗܘܐ ܠܘܬ‎ JN aeo ‏ܗܘܐ ܡܠܬܐ:‎
‏ܟܝܢܐ ܕܝܠܗ ܠܐ ܚܫܘܢܐܝܬ ܝܠܕ‎ qx JS, JRSS ‏ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ‎ où ‏ܠܐܒܐ'‎
‎νο ου ‏ܕܬܪܥܝܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ ܘܡܠܐܟܐ ܕܒܗ‎ ο «νομος
‏ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܬܪܥܝܬܐ ܪܒܬܐ܆:. ܘܗܘܢܐ ܕܠܗܠ‎ où ‏ܠܗ ܥܩܢܘܡܗ ܕܐܒܙ:.‎ yasio
‏ܥܠ‎ jaime sas. ‏ܡܢ ܟܠ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܗܘܢܐ ܕܝܠܢ ܡܿܘܠܕ ܠܡܿܠܬܐ ܕܠܐ‎
‏ܚܬܝܬܬܐ:‎ flasoso ‏ܕܗܘܢܐ:‎ [ενα bes. ‏ܡܠܬܐ‎ οι ‏ܣܘܟܠܐ ܕܒܠܟܒܐ: ܘܐܝܬܝܗ‎
‏ܕܦܘܡܐ..‎ rois ‏ܡܦܩܬܐ‎ ωοιο ‏ܢܦܩ ܐ ܕܝܢ ܒܡܠܬܐ: ܘܐܝܟ ܕܠܡܐܡܪ ܙܩܫܦܐܝܬ‎
‏ܒܬܐ܆. ܢܦܘܩܐܝܬ ܕܝܢ ܪܘܚܐ‎ «au wo» ‏ܒܗ ܒܙܢܐ ܘܡܢ ܐܘܣܝܐ ܕܐܒ ]܆. ܝܠܝܕܐܝܬܐ‎
Pe . ‏ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܚܟܡܬܐ ]5[ ܟܬܝܒ‎ où [85] ‏ܩܕܝܫܐ. ܘܥܠ ܦܪܨܘܦܐ ܡܶܢ‎
‏ܕܡܢ ܐܒܐ‎ où ‏ܐܬ݀ܝܠܕܬ. ܡܛܠ ܪܘܚܐ ܕܚܢ ܐܡܝܪ. ܪܘܚܐ ܩܕܝܫܐ‎ Jia ‏ܟܠܗܘܢ‎
‎jM ‏ܗܟܢܐ ܡܬܚܫܚ܆.‎ yl Jlk5 La ‏ܟܬܒܐ‎ ooo ‏ܘܠܘ ܐܝܟܢ‎ «A9

1. Ms. bis.

we think of the Father from whom he radiated, so, when we hear that he 15
the Word of God, according to the passage, « In the beginning was the
Word, and the Word was with God »', we regularly think of the Father
who is the subject of the Word, who begot the Son from his own nature
without passion, the Word so to speak of a great intellect, and the messenger
in whom he displays and makes known and on whom he impresses the
hypostasis of the Father, who is a great intellect, and a mind abovo all
things. And, as our mind begets the word without passion, and makes
known the thought that is in the heart, and the word is a true image of
the mind and an exact likeness, and in conjunetion with the word, so to
speak, there proceeds forth also the emission of tlie breath of tlie mouth,
in the same way from tlie essence? of the Father also the Son proceeds by
way of birth, and the Holy Spirit by wav of procession. And of the person
of the Son who is the wisdom of the Father it is written, « I was born before
all the mountains »*, and about the Spirit it is said, « The Holy Spirit which
proceedeth from the Father οἷ. And the divine Scripture does not use such
words at random, saying that the Son is begotten and the Spirit proceeds,

1. John, 1, 1. — 2. οὐσία. — 3. Pr., vis, 25. — ^. John, xv, 26.
