[211] LXV. — TO EUPRANIUS. 41

‎τς.‏ ܒܐܠܗܘܐܗ ܕܝܢ ܕܠܐ ܚܫܐ ‎uno‏ ܘܟܕ ܠܐ ܡܿܢܟܪܝܢܢ ܠܗ ‎“Jus‏ ܢܛܪܝܢܢ
ܠܗ ‎asso se jJ‏ ܒܪܘܚܐ܀

‏ܣ ܦܩܐܝܬ ܡܟܝܠ ܘܠܘܬ ‎Jos où‏ ܢ ܬܠ ܡܠܬܐ .. ܕܐ ܐܝܟܢܐ ܐܡܪܝܢܢ ܠܗ
ܟܕ ܠܗ ‎pmo‏ ܡܢ ܚܫ܆. ‎HoaSls‏ ܕܝܢ ܠܐ ‎suc‏ ܘܟܕ ‎JI‏ ܿܢܟܪܝܢܢ ܠܗ
‎Es cb‏ ܠܗ ܕܠܐ ܚܫܐ. ܢܤܚܡ ܠܟ ܕܝܢ ܡܬܛܠܬܗ̇ ܕܡܠܬ ܐ. ܬܚܘܝܬܐ
ܗܺܝ ܕܡܢ ܐܒܗ̈ܝܢ ܥܘܬܢ ‎RL)‏ ܘܒܨܝܪ ܗܘ 9« ܐܝܟ ‎QN AUS JL Jis;‏
ܘܣܝܓܝ ‎nas‏ ܡܢ ܫܪܪܐ. ܒܪܡ ܕܝܢ ‎yulo‏ ܕܒܦ̈ܢܛܣܝܣ ܡܕܡ ‎Ps‏
‎Lias ΟΝ δ‏ ܕܣ ܘ̈ܟܬܐ ‎cras‏ ܠܘܬ ܗܘܢܐ. ܐܟܢܐ ܓܝܪ ܕܦܝܪܙܠܐ ܐܘ ܟܝܬ
ܗܘܠܐ ܐܚܪܬ| ܕܐܟܘܬܗ: ܐܡܬܝ ܕܥܬܝܪܐܝܬ ܬܬܒܐܣܡ ‎.-Jiars‏ ܘܬܫܕܬܚܢ ܒܫܠܗܒܝܬܐ:
ܦܪܙܠܐ ‎τοῦ cue‏ ܟܕ ܡܢ ܟܝܢܐ ܕܝܠܗ ܠܐ ܡܡܫܢܐ: ܕܡܣܬܒܪܐ ܕܟܠܗ ܢܘܪܐ ܗܘ:
‎où‏ ܕܠܘܬ ‎o»‏ ܥܠܙܘܒܝܬܐ ‎mio τῶν‏ ܘܐܸܬܗܕܪ ܡܢܗܿ: ܘܟܙ ‎Loa‏ ° ܐܝܬܘܗܝ:
"ܐܬܝܢ ܥܠܘܗܝ ܡܚܘ̈ܬܐ: ܟܕ ܒܠܥ ܒܐܪܙܦܬܐ ‎οἱ‏ ܒܝܕ ‎[κο‏ ܐܚܪ̈ܢܐ: ܣܝܕܡ ܕܝܢ
‎οοι‏ ܦܪܙܠܐ ܠܗܝܢ ܠܡܚܘ̈ܬܐ: ܟܕ ܫܘܝܐܝܬ ܡܿܥܬܦܬܐ ܘܡܿܬܩܛܝܢ: ܡܬܢܟܐ ܕܝܢ ܘܠܐ
ܒܡܕܡ ܟܝܢܐ ܕܢܘܪܐ ܡܢ ‎où‏ ܕܡܿܚܐ܂. ܗܟܢܐ ‎uou‏ ܠܡܣܬܟܠܘ.. ܘܐܦ ‎JS‏

‎1. Ms. © for 3

‎the flesh, and in his Godhead remained without suffering, and, while we do
not make him alien to su(fering, we keep him without sulfering. The defence.

‎Now we will give a sullicient answer to that question also, how we say
that the same suffered in the flesh, and did not sufler in the Godhead, and,

‎while we do not make him alien to suffering, we keep him without suffering.

‎8,
‎On the same subject we will lay before you an example which has come to
us from our fathers. The force of examples is in truth small, and far
removed from the truth; nevertheless, if only in some thin and shadowy
pliantasies', it offers to the understanding a beginning of conceptions. As,
when iron or another similar substauce? is abundantly warmed by fire, and
is heated by flame, we know that, while the iron does not pass out of its own
nature, the iron which has passed into a complete flame, and has been made to
hiss and to glow by it, it appears to be all fire, and, while itis in this state,
blows are applied to it, it being smitten by a hammer or by means of other
kinds of strokes, but the iron is exposed to the blows themselves, being
expanded and narrowed at the same time, while the nature of the fire is in
no way injured by the smiter, so must we also understand the mystery

‎1. φαντασίας. — 2. ὕλην

‎157 ve b.
