44 LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [2

ܘܐܡܪ ܠܗ ܕܬܗܘܐ ܐܠܗܐ: ‎oou]‏ ܕܠܒܪ ܐܢܬ ܥܠ ‎[was‏ . ܒܚܘܟܡܐ ܕܚܪܥܘܬܐ
‎ego] «αυ‏ ܓܝܪ ܥܡ ܐܕܡ ܬܪܝܢܐ ‎où‏ ܕܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܡܫܝܚܐ.. ܘܐܫܟܚܗ ܐܠܗܐ
ܐܟܚܕܐ܂ ܘܒܪܢܢܐܿ. ܘܙܟܝܗܝ ‎Jlasy‏ ܟܐܢܬܐ. ܘܡܟܝܠ ‎Jc να‏ ܕܙܟܘܬܐ ܕܝܠܗ ‎Nes,‏
‏ܡܘܬܐ ܡܬܒܚܝܢܢ ܬܟܝܠܐܝܬ ‎[ah pôle‏ ܗܝ ܙܟܘܬܟ ‎La'lo .Jla»‏ ܗܘ
ܥܘܩܣܟܝ ‎ὌΝ‏ ܥܘܩܣܗ ܓܝܪ ܕܡܘܬܐ܂ ܚܬܛܝܬܐ ܐܸܡܪ ܕܐܝܬܝܙܘ̇ ܦܘܠܘܣ܀

ܬܘܒ ‎Jan‏ ܕܫܦܒ̈ܥܐ܂. ‎das Ko‏ ܐܬܬܣܝܡ ܢܡܘܣܐ ܠܐܒܝ̈ܗܬܐ:. ܕܢܗܼܘܘܢ
‎UK‏ ܥܘܪܠܘܬܗܘܢ܀ ܡܦܩ ܒܪܘܚܐ܀

ܡܟܐ ܕܝܢ܂ ‎labo‏ ܡܠܬܐ ܕܡܛܠ ܓܙܘܪܬܐ ܡܬܝܒܝ̈ܠܝܢܝܢ. ܗܕܐ ܓܝܪ ‎QNSE‏
‏ܕܡܛܠ ܡܢܐ ܐܬܬܣܝܼܚܡ ܢܡܘܣܝܐ ܠܐܒܗ̈ܬܐ܆.. ܕܢܗܘܘܢ ‎CHER‏ ܠܥܘܪܠܘܬܗܘܢ.
‎ES,‏ ܡܢ ܓܝܪ ‎Kilos‏ ܘܕܠܝܠܐܝܬ܂ ܥܠܝܼܬܐ ܕܐܝܟ ܗܕܐ ‎ca)‏ ܐܡܝܼܪܘ ܓܝܪ
ܡܛܠ ܕܐܒܪܗܡ ‎Was].‏ ܗܘܐ ܡܢ ‎LS A‏ 2.2.56« ܗܘܐ ܕܝܢ! ܠܟܠܕ̈ܝܐ ܐܝܟ
ً ܠܝܕܐ ܕܐܒܙܘ̈ܝܗܘܢ: ܗܿܢܘ ܕܝܢ ܘܐܦ ܠܡܕ̈ܝܐ ܘܦܪ̈ܣܝܐ: ܕܥܡ ܐܡܗ̈ܬܗܘܢ ܘܐܚܘ̈ܬܗܘܢ
‎sua SAN‏ ܘܡܛܠܗܕܐ ܠܡ ܥܠܝܼܬܐ ‎je.‏ ܗܘܐ ‎alias‏ ܕܡܢ ܒܝܬܝܘܬܗ

1. Added above line.

crafty one into subjection by means of his devices. He who led Adam astray
aud said to him, « You will be a god, if you transgress the law », fell by
the device of craft. Ile fought with the second Adam who is Christ, and
found him to be God and man at the same time; and he won a just victory
over him; and henceforth we confidently sing songs of praise for his
victory over death and say, « Where is thy victory, death? and where is
thy sting, Sheol?» For Paul says that ‘the sting of death is sin''.

Next ihe seventh question, why the law was given to the fathers that
they should circumeise their foreskin. The defence.

Now we pass on to diseuss the subject of circumeision. This? is what you .
ask, « Why was the law given to the fathers that they should circumcise
their foreskin? » Some have simply and easily handed down a reason
like this. They say, « Because Abraham migrated from the land of the
Chaldees, and the Chaldees were permitted (and the same was the case
too with the Medes and Persians also) aecording to the custom of their
fathers to have intercourse with their mothers and sisters, for this reason
therefore he circumeised his foreskin, that he might shun kindred flesh,

1. 1 Cor., XV, 55, 56. — 2. This passage to * kIn' (p. 215, 1. 1) is published in Greek iu Cramer, Cat. in
Act. Apost., p. 108.
