[205] LNV. — TO EUPRAXIUS. 35

ܡܬܠܝܿܒܪܢܐ܇. ܠܟܘܪܣܝܐ ]£9 ‎μὲ‏ ܕܡܠܟܘܬܐ:. ܕܥܠܘܗܝ ܝܬܒ ܡܝܢ ‎Lu,‏
‎UC‏ ܟܕ ‎olas‏ ܚ̈ܛܗܝܢ. ܗܟܢܐ ܓܝܪ ‎ele‏ ܝܘܚܢܢ ‎où‏ ܟܪܘܙܐ ܕܪܡ ܩܠܗ
ܘܐܝܙܓܕܐ ܕܝܠܗ ܕܡܠܬܐ ܐܸܙܥܝܼܩ ܘܐܸܡܼܪ.. ‎Jon‏ ܐܡܪܗ ‎Sacs; où. Jos‏ ܚܬܛܝܬܗ
ܕܥܥܡܐ. ܗܼܘ ܓܝܪ ܟܕ ܗܼܘ ܒܙܒܢ ܡܿܢ ‎Lis,‏ ܒܙܒܝܢ ܕܝܢ ܐܡܪܐ ܡܿܬܟܢܐ. ܘܡܚܘܐ
ܕܠܘ 125( ܚܠܦ ‎JA LA‏ ܠܡܚܕܫ.. ‎JT‏ ܘܚܠܦ ܙܕܝܩ̈ܐ. ܐܡܠܟ ܓܝܪ
ܡܘܬܐ܂. ܘܐܦ ܥܠ ܐܝܠܝܢ ‎Jh‏ ܚܛܘ.. ܐܝܟ ܕܐܼܦ ܦܘܠܘܣ ܐܡܼܪ. ܛܘܦܣܐ ܡܕܝܢ
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ܂. ܐܡܪܐ ‎κϑὸ‏ ܕܙܕܝ̈ܩܐ. ܨܦܪܝܐ ܕܝܢ ܕܚ̈ܛܝܐ. ܙܕܝܩ̈ܐ ܓܝܪ ܐܝܟ ‎Jet‏ ܡܢ
ܝܡܚܢܐ ‎sean‏ ܚ̈ܛܚܐ ܕܝܢ ܐܝܡ ܨܦܖ̈ܝܐ܂ ܡܢ ‎bas‏ ܠܐ ܕܝܢ ܐܢܫ ܢܣܝܼܒܪ ܒܝܕ
ܛܘܦܣܐ ‎il:‏ ܕܦܕ̈ܝܝܢ. ‎«η‏ ܘܒܫܝ̈ܚܐ ‎UXOR Janus‏ ܚܕ ܡܝܢ ‎shes‏ ܐܚܪܢܐ
ܕܝܢ ‎ΠῚ sas, Ji‏ ܚܕ ܘܗܼܘ ܟܕ ‎oot‏ .- ܚܫܘܬܐ ܡܶܢ ‎μον. ] μον»‏ ܕܝܢ
ܒܐܬܠܗܘܬܗ. ‎Jo)‏ ܓܝܪ ܣܦܩ ܙܘܘܐ ܚܕ ‎bis,‏ ܒܠܚܘܕ ܕܢܫܘܕܥ 959 ܕܥܡ ‎x»‏
‎μαι}‏ ܓܝܪ ܨܐ ܗܘܐ ܕܗܼܘ ܟܕ ‎Jours «mm Jo wma oo‏ ܠܡܫܝܚܐ
ܕܛܠܝܸܡ ܡܘܬܐ ܒܟܒܣܪ. ܘܒܐܠܗܘܬܗ ‎ss‏ ܡܢ ܚܫܐ. ܠܐ ܗܐ ܝܕܝܥܐ ܗܝ ܡܕܝܢ
‎Lis, LIN‏ ܐܚܪܢܐ ܡܬܢܝܼܣܒ: ܐܝܟܢܐ ܕܡܫܡܠܝܐܝܬ ‎où‏ ܚܕ ܣܘܥܪܢܐ ܒܬܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ

nature, and is passable to him wlio became incarnate only, | mean the
throne of the kingdom, on which he sits at the Father's right hand, bearing
our sins; for so too John also the loud-voiced preacher and ambassador of
the Word himself eried and said, « Behold! the Lamb of God who beareth
the sin of the world »'. For the same person is termed at one time a goat,
at another ἃ lamb; and he shows that lie came to sulfer not only for the
sake of sinners, but also for the sake of the righteous; for death reigned
‘even over those who had not sinned' also, as Paul also said?. Acecordingly
the lamb is the type of the righteous, and the goat of sinners; for the
righteous stand as lambs on the right hand, and the sinners as goats
on the left. Let no oue think that through the symbol of the two goats
he shows us two Christs, oue passible and the other impassible, but one and
tlie same, passible in the flesh, but impassible in his Godhead. For indeed
oue goat only was not sufficient to signily what was signified with two
(how was it possible for the same to be slaughtered and not slaughtered?),
to show that Christ tasted death in the flesh, and in his Godhead is raised
above suffering. Is it not plain therefore that another goat is necessarily
taken, in order that the one fact may be perfectly revealed symbolically in

1. Julin, 1, 29. — 2. Hoin.. v, 14.
