156 r* a.

‎LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [198]‏ | 28
ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܠܗܘܢ ‎Has où‏ ܕܡܝܢ ܠܐ ܝܠܝܦܘܬܐ:. ܕܠܘܬܗ ܕܝܠܗ ܕܪܘܢܥܐ ܐܬܐ܀ ܐܸܢ
ܠܡ ܐܡܪܝܢ ܚܕ ܟܝܢܐ ܐܡܪܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ ܠܬܠܚܝܬܝܘܬܐ: ܚܕ ܕܝܢ ܟܝܢܐ ܐܡܪܝܢ
ܐܢܬܘܢ ܕܡܠܬܐ ܕܡܿܒܣܪ. ܐܝܟܢܐ ܠܘ ܠܘܬ ܗܕܐ ܢܦܠܝܢ ܐܢܬܘܢ .. ܠܘܬ ܗ̇ܝ
ܕܬܐܡܪܘܢ ܕܟܠܪܘܿ ܬܠܝܬܝܘܬܐ ܐܬܒܣܪܬ܀ ‎μὲ‏ ܕܝܢ ܡܬܕܡܿܪ ܐܢܐ ܒܚܪܥܘܬ ܩܘܪܝܝܘܬܗܘܢ
‎s ean‏ ܕܐܝܟܢܐ ܠܐ ܡܒܚܢܢܐܝܬ ܠܘܩܒܠ ܫܘܒܚܐ ܬܪܝܨܐ ܡܡܬܓܒܪܪܝܢ. ܝܡܐ ܓܝܪ
‎Hs‏ + ܒܙܒܢ ܡܝܢ ‎Er)‏ ܓܢܣܢܐܝܬ ܥܠ ‎emo]‏ ܒܙܒܝܢ ‎RE xc!‏
ܕܕܩܢܘܡܗ ‎au])‏ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܡܫܘܕܥܢܐ. ܚܕ ܓܝܪ ܟܝܢܐ ‎Lis)‏ ܠܟܠܗ̇ ‎Mons]‏
‏ܐܝܟ ܗܿܝ ܕܟܬܝܒܐ̈ ܕܟܠܗ ܟܝܢܐ ܕܚܝ̈ܘܬܐ ܘܕܦܪ̈ܚܬܐ. ܘܕܗܠܝܢ ‎Las‏ ܡܫܕܥܒܕ
ܘܡܫܬܥܒܕ ° ܠܟܝܢܐ ‎ο‏ ܟܝܢܐ ܡܝܢ ܩܪܪܝܢܢ ‎auf‏ ܐܝܬܐ ܠܡܐܡܝܪ
ܠܦܘܠܘܣ ‎οἱ‏ ܠܦܛܛܪܘܣ܆. ‎οἱ‏ ܟܝܬ ܠܝܥܩܘܒ. ‎fl‏ ܓܝܪ ܕܚܕ ܟܝܢܐ ܡܟܡܶܗܝܢܢ
‎Πα] aa‏ ܓܢܣܢܐܝܬ ܒܫܡܐ ‎duas)‏ ܚܠܦ ܐܘܣܝܐ ܡܬܚ ܫܚܝܢܢ. ܐܝܟܐ
‎ca‏ ܕܚܕ ܟܝܢܐ ܕܦܘܠܘܣ ܐܡܿܪܝܢܢ.. ܚܠܦ ܕܝܠܝܘܬ ܩܢܘܡܐ ܢ̈ܣܒܝܢܢ ܠܫܝܡܐ
ܕܟܝܢܐ. ܗܟܢܐ ܘܐܡܬܝ ܕܐܡܿܪܝܢܢ ܕܚܕ ܟܝܢܐ ‎AC‏ ܬܠܝܬܝܘܬܐ ܩܕܝܫܬܐ: ܐܝܟ ‎οὐ:‏
‏ܕܟܬܝܒܐ: ‎Lans)‏ ܙܫܘ̈ܐܦܐ ܕܟܝܢܐ ܐܠܗܝܐ ܢܪܗܘܐ܂. ‎[eas‏ ܕܟܚܢܐ ܚܠܦ ܫܘܘܕܥܐ
ܓܢܣܢܝܐ ܕܐܘܣܝܐ ܡܬܚܫܚܝܢܢ. ܘܗܼܝ ܐܝܬܝܝܗ̇ ܗܝ ܕܢܐܡܝܪ ܕܚܕ ܟܝܢܐ ܐܝܬܝܗ̇

‎is superfluous and vain, a question that amounts to actual impicty.  « lf »
(they say) « you say that the Trinity is one nature, and say that there is
one nature of the incarnate Word, how are you not driven to saying that
the whole Trinity became inearnate? » [ am surprised at the eunning
rusticity of those men, as shown by the way in which they display eourage
without consideration against the right opinion. We‘ use the name ‘nature’

‎2

‎sometimes goncrally of *essenee'?, and sometimes specifically signifying
the hypostasis of à man. We term all mankind one nature, as in the text
« Every nature of beasts and of birds and of things that are in the water is
subjected and made subject to human nature »? : and again we call a man
* nature', Paul for instance or Peter or James. Where we name all mankind
one nature, we use the name ‘nature’ generically in place of 'essenee'? :
but, where we speak of one nature of Paul, we cinploy the name *nature'
in place of ‘individual hypostasis'. So also, when we say that the Holy
Trinity is one nature, as in the text, « In order that we may be sharers of
the divine nature »', we use the name ‘nature’ in plaec of the general

‎1. Cf. ep. 6. — 2. οὐσία, — 3. James, nt, 7. — 4. Π Pet. 1, 4.

