‎LXV. — TO EUPRAXIUS. 43‏ ]213[
ܡܬܚ ܰܒܠܢܘܬܐ܂. ܟܒܪ ܐܡܝܢܐܝܬ ܡܬܢ ܣܐ ‎joo‏ ܘܒܡܬ .ܚ ‎Κω las‏ ܓܝܪ
ܘܥܡ ‎ones‏ ܠܫܝܘܠ.,. ܟܕ ܟܠܗ ܐܝܬܘܗܝ ܒܗܘܢ ܘܟܠܗ ܒܦܓܪܗ ܠܐ ܡܦܪܫܐܝܬ..
ܐܝܟ ܐܐ ‎JL ) pere Lans‏ ܟܠ ܐܝܟ ܐܐ ‎o arms‏ ܗܘܐ ܠܗ ܓܝܪ
‎so ous‏ ܠܐܬܪ̈ܘܬܐ ܬܚ̈ܬܝܐ.. ܘܢܪܚܬܡ ܥܠ ܢܦܫ̈ܬܐ ܕܬܡܢ ‎genie‏ ܗܘ̈ܝ. ܘܐܝܟ
‎Lis‏ ܩܠܗ ܕܢܒܝܚܐ.. ܢܐܡܪ ‎«MJ‏ ܕܒܐܣܘܖܐ ܐܢܘܢ ܕܦܘܩܘ.. ܘܐܼܦ ܠܐܝܠܝܢ ‎Has‏
‏ܕܐܬܓܠܘ. ‎Je Jai‏ ܫܡܿܠܝ. ܬܪ̈ܥܐ ܓܝܪ ‎Saca:‏ ܕܚܙ ܐܘܗܝ ‎.aù5i‏ ܘܡܘ̈ܟܠܐ
ܕܦܪܙ ܠܐ ‎aus Jesus [silo‏ ܘܠܦܪܕܚܣܐ ‎rl où‏ ܗܘܐ܂ ‎Me»‏ ܘܦܓܖ̈ܐ ܣ̈ܓܝܐܐ
)8.9 ܡܝܢ ܐܝܠܝܢ ‎ass‏ ܡܢ ܒܬܪ ܩܫܚܡܬܗ ‎ane‏ ܡܢ ܩܒܪ̈ܝܗܘܢ.. ܘܥܠܝܼܘ
ܠܡܕܝܢܬܐ ܩܕܝܫܬܐ.. ܘܐܬܚܙܝܘ ܠܣ̈ܓܝܐܐ. ܘܛܒ ‎Lo»‏ ܡܢ ܒܬ ܪܐ ܩܫܡܬܗ

‏ܐܘܣܦ ܐܘܢܓܠܣܛܐ:. ܙܪܩ ܗܘܐ ܓܝܪ ‎[xo Look); οὐδὸν‏ ܒܟܝܢܗ.. ܕܩܕܡܐܝܬ܂
‎oo‏ ܢܥܪܐ ܒܩܚܝܡܬܐ. ܘܗܼܘ ‎Jis) δὶ» où‏ ܐܘܚܕܢܗ ܕܡܘܬܐ܂. ܗܼܘ ܙܕܪܘܫ ܐܘܪܚܐ
ܠܗܠܝܢ ‎τω:‏ ܕܡܝܢ ܒܬܪܗ. ܠܘ ܓܝܪ ܛܪܘܢܐܝܬ ‎sl]‏ ܥܡ ‎“Je Νο]‏ ܗܼܘ
‎o‏ ܕܐܛܥܝܗ ܠܒܪܢܫܐ ܩܕܡܝܐ. ܟܕ ܐܝܟ ܕܡܢ ܐܠܗܐ ‎mont‏ ܐܿܠܐ ܐܝܟ ܟܐܢܐ ‎cote‏
‎pad Νο ο [sn ns.‏ ܚܘ̈ܟܡܘܗܝ ܫܥܒܕܗ ‎ΒΝ‏ ܗܽܘ ܓܝܪ ܕܐܛܥܝ ‎ΧΗ‏

‎attacked by corruption also. For he went down into Sheol with his
soul also, the whole of him being in it, and the whole of him in his hody
without separation, as one that is incorporeal and is able to fill everything
as one that is infinite. It was necessary for him to give light even to the
lower regions also, and to have mercy on the souls there imprisoned, and,
aecording to the saying of tlie prophet, « to say to those that are in bonds,
*Comoe,forth', and to those also that are in darkness, ‘Be revealed” »'.
This he accomplished in action. The gates of Sheol which saw him trembled,
and be broke the bars of iron and gates of bronze?, and opened Paradise
which was shut, and « many bodies of just men among those who had fallen
asleep came out of their graves after his resurrection, and went into the
holy city, and appeared to many »?. Very properly the evangelist added,
‘after liis resurrection'; for it was necessary that he who is life in his nature
should himself first begin the resurrection, and that the very onesvho was
able to dissolve the power of death should himself tread the way for the
rest who came after him. Ile did not deal arbitrarily with the devil, the
same who led the first man astray, when he was defeated as by God, but, as
one who is just and ‘taketh the wise in their craftiness'', he brought the

‎1. Is,, XLIX, 9. — 2. Ps. cvi. 16, — 3. Maltth., ΧΧΧ, 53. — 4. Job, v, 13. κ

‎158 r° a.
