15 v? a.

‎.LETTERS OF SEVERUS. [186]‏ 16
‎LAS so‏ ܗܝ ܐܪܥܐ ܒܕܥܒܕ ܐܝ̈ܕܝܟ : ܐ ܘܒܕܘܥܬܐ ܕܐܦܫ̈ܟ ‎Nul] ES TON‏
ܕܝܢ ܥܡܗ ‎Jar le‏ ܒܝܕ ‎«όι‏ ܕܫܡܡܥܬ ܕܒܥܩ̈ܬܐ ‎das so Lis vM.‏
ܕܝܝܢ ܕܐܝ̈ܬܝܢ ܝ̈ܠܝܕܐ ܕܡܢܗܘܢ ܐܫܬܪܪܘ ‎Lines‏ ܕܠܐ ܡܫܬܡܥܢܘܬܐ: ܘܚܢܢ ܐܝܬܝܢ
ܥܦܪܐ ܘܠܠܦܪܐ ܗܦܟܝܢܝܢ.. ܘܡܚ̈ܫܒܐ ܕܠܘܛܬܐ ܘܕܒܡܿܩܬܐ ܡܬܝܠܕܝܢܝܢ. ‎DEL‏
‏ܗ̇ܘܝܢܝܢ ܡܫܥܒ̈ܕܐ. ܟܕ ܡܫܥܒܕܝܢܢ ܠܪܓܬܐ ܘܠܚܠܝܛܘܬ ܗܢܝܘܬܗ̇ ‎«ου‏ ܐܝܟ
ܡܠܬܗ ܕܛܘܒܢܐ ܦܘܠܘܣ. ܟܐܢܐ ‎loa‏ ܓܝܪ ܕܠܘܩܒܠ ܚܪܥܐ ܘܚܟܝܡܪܗ ܕܒܝܫܬܐ..
ܚܘܝܐ ܘܡܘܒܕܢܐ ܕܚ̈ܝܝܢ:. ܒܗܘܢ ܟܕ ‎Loos‏ ܢܐܬܟܬ ܫ ‎"as‏ ܒܐܝܠܝܢ ‎LAS‏
‏ܙܺ̈ܝܫܝ ܓܢܣܢ ܐܛܥܝ. ܘܡܛܠ ܕܝܢ ‎μὰς‏ ܐܚܪܢܐ ܠܐ ‎ok]‏ ܗܘܬ ܕܡܤܡ
ܒܪܝܫܐ ‎o‏ ܕܡܪܢ ܢܫܝܼܪܐ܂. ܠܐ ܐܝܙܓܕܐ  ‎Jo ps,‏ ܡܝܠܐܟܐ. ܐܠܐ ‎Lin)‏ ܕܐܫܥܚܝܐ
‎où αν ο‏ ܡܪܝܐ ܦܪܩ ܠܝܢ. ‎où‏ ܓܝܪ ‎En‏ ܡܝܠܬܐ ܐܠܗܐ ܗܽܘ ‎Pros‏
‏ܡܠܡܐ: ܚܝܠܐ ܘܚܟܡܬܗ ܕܐܒܐ: ‎où‏ ܕܒܨܠܡܐ ܕܝܠܗ ܠܒܪܢܫܐ ܡܠܝܠܐ ܒܪܐ .. ܗܘܼܐ
‎Jes‏ ܐܡܪ ܐܢܐ ܕܝܢ ‎Joe‏ ܐܝܟ ܒܪܬ ܩܠܗ ܕܝܘܚܢܥܢ. ܠܘ ܟܕ ܠܒܣܪܐ ‎SLR)‏
‎Mas‏ ܐܠܐ ܟܕ ‎JI‏ ܡܫܬܚܠܦܢ] ‎oe‏ ܐܝܟ ‎ος.‏ ܠܝ ‎ο ὦ‏ ܒܚܕܝܘܬܐ

‎« Dust thou art and to dust shalt thon return », and, « Cursed is the ground
in the work of thine hands », and, « In the sweat of thy face shalt thou cat
thy bread », and Eve too was also condemned with him by hearing the words,
« In pains shalt thou bear children » ', so with us also who are sprung from
them the charges of disobedience have been confirmed, and we ourselves
are dust and to dust we return, and we are condemned to the curse and are
creatures born in pains : and from that time we have been in subjection,
being subject to lust and to the varied pleasure of this, according to the
saying of the blessed Panl?. For it was right that against the cunning
contriver of evil, the serpent and the destroyer of our life, we should contend
with him with the same weapons (Ὁ) ' with which he deccived tliose founders
of our race : aud, since if was not the part of another power to annul the
punishnient fixed by our Lord himself, he did not send an envoy nor an angel,
but, as Isaiah cries, the Lord himself saved ns*. The only God the Word
who is before the ages, the power and wisdom of tlie Father, in whose image
he created rational man, became flesh, 1 mean man according to the words
of John, not that he was changed into flesh (far be it!), but, while he
remained invariable as God, he himself assumed the whole of me by a true

‎1. Gen., 118, 16, 17, 19. — 2. Tit. 111, 3. — 3. The substantive has perh. fallen out. — 4. Is., LXIII,
9. — 5. John, 1, 14.
